1	Open game.cfg in Riot Games folder in NotePad. Find "ShadowsEnabled", "PerPixelPointLighting", "EnableGrassSwaying". Set them = 0 if you want to disable it. FPS skyrocket   my
0	Life isn't fair, its a lessons I learned while I was getting jumped by 15+ kids and had to literally be kicked into my head, the next school year I punched the first kid that started up with me, I lost that one and won everyone after that. Bullies don't stop existing just because you don't fight back, If you live in a society where you don't teach men to stand up for themselves you do your society and injustice because a bully isn't going to not punch you because you don't fight back, the only reason china took Tibet is because they knew that Tibet wouldn't fight back, that's why when china tells Taiwan that they belong to them, and Taiwan says "come fucking get me" china backs down.
0	i know too many girls who would get soaked if i said "wreck it"
0	One day in High School...I was sitting there, minding my own business, eating my lunch...then all of the sudden cadet 9/10 (JROTC was a cult then) comes up to me and sits next to me. Asks me what I'm doing in a "playful" manner...I say I'm just writing a paper for a class (she wasn't the sharpest knife in the drawer), and then I get a text...as I'm taking out my old as dirt Moto Razer, she says "holy shit that's old, lemme see it," and takes it in a heartbeat. Then, after a few moments, she gives it back to me, gets up, and walks off, but not before telling me that she left something special (with a wink).   Homeschooled until High School...I had no idea what the hell just happened...so I see her contact info with a "text me" left in the infos. I do so, but completely oblivious to her intentions.   It wasn't until my Senior year that I find said old phone...boot it up...and realize that I missed out. Bummer.
1	Yes, it is possible, but the idea is different than if you're just simply carrying yourself.  You're goal is instead to feed your ADC, and have him do the damage, while you protect him.  Supports can carry, but it is a little more difficult, because you have to have the ADC be somewhat near the same page as you.   If you're way above your current elo (I mean truly, not just because you THINK you are.) you can just force feed your ADC and zone out the enemy and just win because their ADC has almost no farm and multiple deaths.   There are always games where you can't win, it's nothing terrible, happens everywhere, doesn't have to be any ONE persons fault, but expecting to constantly win games at 100% win ratio is almost impossible.
1	Okay, so before everyone hops on the Teemo hype train, there are a couple reasons why Teemo was actually the absolute perfect pick in this situation. I'm going to preface this by saying that I don't think TSM drafted all that well to begin with, but they really fucked up with their 4th pick (Gragas).   The first 3 picks from both teams are kind of whatever. Vi, Thresh, Cait can indicate a lot of things, not necessarily a vision control siege composition. However, Annie, Lucian, Nunu pidgeonholes you a just a little bit. There's not a lot of engage there (Annie Tibbers is Flash dependant, so roughly every four and a half minutes), and Nunu really is not that great with Lucian. That mostly indicates siege, because it's not an innately strong teamfight composition. The problem came when they picked Gragas next.   Gragas gives them initiate and somewhat reliable poke. However, Nidalee was open and she is a much better siege champion than Gragas post barrel nerfs (1250 -> 950 range on barrel). Additionally, they had purple side. I haven't seen a top tier team pick mid anything other than last when they're on purple side because mid is so matchup dependent. Gragas actually allows a lot of champions to farm in between his ability to all in them.   So TSM all-inned for a (somewhat lame) siege composition that could have been better. Teemo was picked up here, along with Renekton, and I'll get to why that's important after lambasting the Nasus pickup.   So TSM picked Nasus, which is fine when you consider that Nasus actually does all right against Renekton after a certain point. The problem is that Nasus wants to split push and get huge amounts of stacks, and he can't ever do that against Teemo. Teemo can shroom his jungle and the sides of his lane, and C9 will constantly have vision on Nasus before he can get to his targeted splitpushing lane. On top of that, I'm not actually sure how well Nasus fares against Teemo in a 1v1 situation, because it seems to me like he'd get poked down pretty hard before he could close the gap and eventually die.   Nasus also doesn't actually give them any more siege potential besides hitting turrets really hard, but against Vi and Thresh it's a lot more likely he'll get hooked, punched, and killed before actually being able to do anything to a tower. Unless he's split pushing which has already effectively been countered.   On top that, Teemo actually nullifies two other really important aspects of TSM's team composition. First of all, Nunu can't counterjungle after the 5 or 6 minute mark once Teemo hits 6. Teemo just shrooms up the entrances to the jungle, and then Nunu has to run away every time he runs over one. Second of all, Gragas can't roam (which he excels at and should probably have done) against Teemo because he'll run over a shroom and they'll have instant vision of him and be able to react accordingly.   So with one champion pickup (Teemo) they essentially foiled two and a half (really not sure how big a deal not roaming was, kinda nice but not necessary in TSM's comp) of the core elements to TSM's team. On top of that, TSM is an objective focused team. Interestingly enough, Teemo automatically wins any vision control battle.   Not that TSM didn't have a chance, their teamfight was much better than C9's. Teemo is still a horrendous teamfighting champion, C9 did a really good job of avoiding fights. TSM just did not push their kill advantage at all. The dragon steal at the second dragon really hurt as well, and Nasus was behind the whole game because of the bad tower trade at 5 minutes.   I think that Teemo shrooms are actually stupid on this patch, and deserve to be nerfed in terms of duration.
1	Have you ever come to realise that Reddit is not one personality and there can be such a thing as two people having two different opinions?   The people who hated Hotshot still hate him and are probably going good riddance, where as the CLG supporters are still there and making an appreciation thread?
0	Not a doctor or a nurse but was a switchboard operator for 5 years at a VA hospital and also worked the information desk at times. We once had a U.S. Marshall come in with a warrant for an individual who had been admitted but the person had declined to be registered on the patient directory. When this happens we are required to tell the person that we had no one by that name. If they insist that the person is there, we send them to the directors office (during the day or the Admin on duty at night) or in this case to hospital police.   The policy is set in stone but it's a bit different reading it on your test sheet and having a scary looking federal officer standing before you with a very official looking piece of paper. The guy working the desk told them where to find the guy, they went up and since he wasn't in any harm, they took him into custody right then.   Two days later, we get a call from the Marshal's office wanting to know how they found out he was there. Turns out our poor desk guy did a very bad thing and the bad guy was released due to HIPAA violations.   Desk guy retired from his job of 20 years before a serious inquiry could be set up and we all had to retrain in proper HIPAA etiquette along with more background investigations.
1	Or if you have a Twitter, tweet at them. And maybe draw them a picture, too.   I needed 1 RP for the debonair icon and was like "guess I need to draw riot support a picture now" and of course tagged league of legends. Riot support tweeted back at me that they take submissions via Twitter and actually ended up giving me 21 RP instead of 1.
1	There was a time when seeing Fizz picked gave me an urge to dodge. No matter how fed I was (adc main), that little fuck can avoid all my damage, gap close and blow me up in half a second. Easily my most hated champ.   He's not so bad now but I still report every Fizz player
0	He was probably thinking, "Sure I'll fake some sign language next to Obama for thousands of dollars an hour."
1	Your idea has merit, but it also has many huge issues, such as the fact that the games would almost all be tanky DPS junglers fighting it out since they would be the most suited to the just jungle meta. Also, you would have issues with strong counterjunglers dominating the hell out of this gametype. You would also get some champions that are good at early level fighting that would simply roam around killing people, making the game somewhat unfun, until the meta eventually devolved into a glorified ARAM.
1	Disclaimer : I am NOT a CLG fanboy.   Firstly I agree there is alot of decent discussion here, however when you read alot of the comments its still more circle jerking BS. Alot of you people need to wake up, properly analyse the games this week and realize its not the same.   vs Dig:  This game was over before 10minutes but to break down exactly what happened. Hotshot was outpicked. CLG relies on Hotshot being on an island with no jungle help so when he's outpicked he has less of an impact. Rumble just placed alot of pressure onto him between level 3 and 5.   The 3 v 4 down bot. This was felt like a huge over confidence, (its 3v4 theres no way we can lose - type thinking). This was actually an excellent call by CLG but executed so terribly it was disgusting. Link had just pushed scarra to the turret and was free to roam (scarra would never have caught up without losing a wave or 2).   Now as the fight began, Doublelift was very low and that in itself should have been the initiation using himself as a bait to draw them in. Instead Aphro exhausted PATOY which meant that doublelift was forced away without even anything as qtpie had full damage. The 2nd thing that exhaust did was that it telegraphed, gank gank gank (and scarra would have communicated that link was missing) so instead of going in, they retreated. The whole retreat you can see that qtpie and crumbz was not touched and was doing damage while kiting in a 3v3 simply because doublelift is not capable of going in.  Result? volibear+caitlyn does alot of damage and CLG didnt want to burn flash.   Meanwhile, it happened so early that hotshot did not have his ult yet hence teleporting wouldve been more or less a waste. Scarra picks up alot of farm mid. Snowball rolled up.   Now bot lane, Ez+ lulu is a relative soft counter to Elise + caitlyn. But its highly skill dependent. If Elise does not land her stun, they will be poked down (as you saw in the first 4 minutes). But Patoy lands that 1 stun after the whole debacle and the lane was 100% lost now. Down 2 turrets and a dragon, behind 6k gold at 9minutes the game is essentially over. No well practised team will let that kind of snowball go.   Issue: Just overzealousness, and 1 miss executed play   vs TSM:  When you look at this match, the first thing that stands out is... oh my god CLG are not playing CLG standard. they have 3 threats , an aggressive support and a big initiator in the jungle. On paper this is quite different and a huge lategame team.   But the first problem was, they outpicked themselves. Instead of going can we run our secret strategy, they went fk it baylife we're picking it even though we're shitting on our own lanes. locking in ori + karthus meant both ori and karthus would be heavily under pressure and when you pick a 3 threat team and only 1 person could potentially farm well, thats bad already.   First off bot lane: that was just sloppy and bad.  Aphromoo knows VERY well how ridiculous draven is at level 2. Sure Leona can lock you up but so can thresh. Draven vs Ez for damage at level 2? its not even a contest. That was a huge mistake on their part getting caught by the death sentance from thresh. Double kill, lane lost. (luckily with ganks from Chauster they did salvage the lane but only to equalize, not get ahead).   Top: First of all, I dont understand why Hotshot tried to take blue himself when they knew TSM warded it. That was totally nonsensical and screamed, we havent practised this alot and dont know how to deal with this situation. That meant his lane was going to be against him (and vs a rumble, once its pushed it'll be permanently pushed).   The 2nd thing is that for some reason he thought he could stay on the tower at level 1 and survive. They knew zed and xin were up there, so it felt like an error of judgement forgetting that just because its 1v1, does not mean you cant get 3 man turret dived. I am almost certain they practised this with a 1v2, 2v1 lane and HS would play it alot safer.   Rinse repeat top and bottom, Snowball rolls, nothing more to really say about this game.   Issue: Blindly picking what felt like their secret strategy and not practising it enough to make it work   vs Vulcan   Now this game is the real interesting one and the one that screamed, we have not practised this new strat enough. All credits to Vulcan for hanging on so long, but honestly CLG threw with terrible decisions and itemisation.   The comp worked as it was meant to, heavy agression, lots of coordinated ganks, and early-mid game we saw what the game wouldve looked like if TSM did not play that aggressively.   But here are the glaring issues: HSGG had TERRIBLE items for karthus. That alone probably cost them the game midgame when he did so little damage for being how fed he was. Rylais? RoA is better for health and ap. The slow? you dont need the slow when you have a wall, j4 , sona to initiate. Liandry? they had no HP. All magic resist and no giants belt until about 40minutes in. He also did not pick up a Void staff for a very long time. Get Dcap/void staff before liandry and zhonyas the game would have been over before 30minutes. In a sense, he was playing karthus like another semi tank/slow instead of doing what he shouldve given the game situation.   Doublelift also questionably went for QSS over banshee. The only real thing that he could QSS was death sentance, which banshee would block. Banshee would also mean he could fight mancloud 1v1 and EAT A SPEAR.   Link: Played decently given how the team played.  Aphro: some brilliant crescendos, ate a few too many spears at times but overall very good sona play.  Chauster: Here was the problem, He was a fed j4. Why was there no initiate. Even if they were chunked by a spear or 2, just the balls deep dive would have won them the game so many times. Instead of him jumping in at every chance, they only initiated when aphro landed some brilliant flash crescendo.  We saw how heavily link ripped vulcan apart when he can go in properly. yet CLG did not attempt this for a very long time. The only logical explanation is that they weren't confident about it. And that comes with an under prepared strategy. It was like they said before about the korean meta, "we can push down all 3 outer turrets, then what?" that was what the game felt like.   Of course they heavily messed up at the baron fight that turned the game. Instead of backing, buying an oracle and winning the fight  or baron properly, they tried to be cheeky when they knew it was littered with wards.   Issue: strat worked, severely under-prepared and felt lost
0	That's because at the end of the day, Reddit is just a circlejerk. The hive mind only wants to toot its own horn and compliment itself. That's why there's so many reposts, and reposted comments on those reposts, and reposted replies to those reposted comments on those reposts. Once you spend enough time on Reddit you can easily predict the type of post that'll be on the top of each subreddit, exactly what everyone on the comments will say, the poor down voted soul who dared to have a different opinion, and about how long till someone will repost it again for karma. The upvote down vote system of Reddit is a very nice idea that if people followed it correctly would simply hide irrelevant comments but instead people use it to silence anyone they disagree with even when that person is right. And then because people have to deal with the others who treat it like that, they'll start slowly changing how they post simply to get more upvotes and have more people "approve" of them.
0	These traits don't really add up to being fooled by that manipulative crap.   Not at first, no. But manipulation tends to be a gradual process. If you look at people in abusive relationships talk in therapy, they're not under the pretense that they're in an unhealthy relationship. It is often seen clearly by the therapist but making it known to whom are often otherwise very stable and good people can be very difficult.   Highly subjective, without a doubt. But the vast majority of people are vulnerable to this kind of manipulation, I'd say.   > Bitter guys who are tired of having girls manipulate them and walk all over them in the past go way too far and end up just treating other women in exactly the same manner.   There's no justice in collective punishment.   > I guess I can objectively see the appeal just because I'm aware people love power.   It can also be an acquired taste. Another reason, perhaps, for why the doctrine can be so well rooted in some people.   > But for me, relationships are about being equal partners in life.   As for me. There shouldn't be any particular conflict between partners. It should be, really speaking, the two joined together to tackle each others' or both of their issues and make the most out of their time.   > Yeah fights and disagreements happen but when they do I prefer to sit down and sort it out, not play games or manipulate someone into doing what I want.   It's not... well, it's not "convincing" someone to stay with you or to see your side of the point if you do it slyly, really. Arguing isn't my strong suit, because I don't see the point in it -- you know, the arguing that involves yelling and name-calling. When it comes to disagreements, I just assume debate-mode and go from there. Find the cause of the disagreement, find the reason for the disagreement and, if I still think I'm right, try to convince my girlfriend that I am.   It often works, and that's partly because I chose to be with a girl that is logical and fair. Most of the "Common GF problems" haven't applied to me.   > I mean I personally am actually very good at manipulation (it's not hard), it's just never something I've felt the need to bring in to a relationship.   I feel the same way. Manipulation, people don't realise, isn't like in the movies. It's not evident until it's already occurred, or not even then, if you do it right. A lot of my 'technique' stems simply from my openness to discussion with practically anyone. Because I can have a legitimate interest (and not even fake it) in someone's hobby, or just our subject of conversation, I can easily get on the good sides of many people. That works to my advantage a lot, without trying to be manipulative at all, to be honest.   > but taking that a few steps further and using it to justify mental abuse is going too far.   Whenever they try to put forth a generalisation about women, it tends to be too far. Sometimes, they're actually alright, but many of them believe that it applies to  all  women. Scientific bases for some of these things are fair to use, but, as Mathematics is scientific as well, you cannot assume the probability that all women adhere to the same 'rule' or 'function' is 1. And there's a million reasons for why that is the case. But many of them don't see women as the same, self-help and logical beings that, well, anyone can be.   > End of the day I think that sub and the philosophy does far more harm than good.   Absolutely. Which is unfortunately, really. It probably could've been used a lot to help people in general with low-confidence.   > There are other, better ways to boost your confidence rather than going all out.   Definitely. I've never had an issue with confidence, though I'd love to learn how to boost others' more.   > For instance, I'm sure you may have heard of Tucker Max and how he got tons of girls to sleep with him by being an asshole and having 'game'.   Honestly? Not heard of him. But it doesn't sound far-fetched or even particularly unusual. Playing the 'game' isn't my objective, and I don't see the "thrill of the hunt" when all you're doing, really, is  being an asshole.   Doing something that is innate to you isn't really... rewarding  or  skillful. Capitalising on naturally attractive features that so many females -- like most humans -- wouldn't think about falling for (but will, naturally)  isn't  "having game". To me, at least.   I think better of my having a 2-year relationship without having an argument with a girl that, like I'd said earlier, is logical and fair, than people who've slept with tens or hundreds of girls. One is more difficult than the other, because it's work and commitment. The other is frankly the 'lazy' route, and I'll never understand some people who glorify something so mundanely easy, to be frank.   With that said, you can have a listen at much of the mainstream music and note that people will glorify just about  anything  mundane and easy. :P   > Some girls found it amusing but unlike Mr. Max, this guy didn't happen to look like a male model with a ripped body.. something rarely mentioned in his stories.   Presentation is the  most  important, but a lot of the "cheeky" approaches  really  need a first good impression.   > Don't get me wrong, I'm sure the guy was excellent at getting women to sleep with him, but having a baseline of being good looking and in great shape removes a lot of obstacles when it comes to getting girls.   It can easily increase the chances, although it's hardly a necessity for a lot of guys, I think.   > however in his month of being a complete dick something had happened. He'd gained huge amounts of confidence in his ability to walk up to girls and speak to them, brush off rejection and move on. From then, he really didn't have many issues with women. Because he could actually approach them, speak to them and not be a doormat.   Which is quite useful. I wouldn't like to say that the approach was worth it -- I wouldn't argue for the negative effects on others just to boost one's confidence or give him a positive effect. But it is good, nonetheless, that something good was achieved out of it.   A shame that gaining confidence took such an extreme measure, though.   > I'm rambling a bit here but I think my point really is that while some of the ideals behind TRP are valid and beneficial... the way the entire philosophy is presented in that sub is utterly destructive.   I think that is the
1	I personally do not mind the changes except for the removal of his stealth from his ult.   I'm sure having his Q base damage nerfed was irritating to some, as much as I loved insta gibbing champs, it was really overpowered. I think this will be a nice balance. I don't mind Bola strike being a skills got because it makes sense if his role is a predatory hunter thriving off his skill and ability to takedown all foes. SKILL. It's what makes this game fun too. :D   Now the only issue I have with his ult is that now he is targetable. Idk how well the movement speed buff will compensate for this buff I know for a fact that not being targetable made for very fun play, counters, and mind games with the other team. This made Rengar so fun to me. You feel like a predator. A legit bad ass mother fry king lion with blades and one eye. This made him so cool, as many of you will agree. For one it will make him feel much less awesome, and Rengar-ish. This will significantly reduce his escapes and surprise attacks/initiation. If this stealth removal actually goes through I will honestly be very sad for my bro Rengar. This cat is my homie. I want his damn stealth. I don't care about the other changes, it makes sense and balances a bit more.   That's my two sense
0	As a self described libertarian fuck, why don't you learn what libertarians are about before you open your cum receptacle. Libertarians don't care whether the recipients of benefits are lazy or not, truly can't work or just fat shits who's disabilities stem from their life choices. Our issue with these benefits are that they required one group to be FORCED to pay them. Libertarianism centers around the NAP and that is our basis of opposing gov benefits, not some unthought out notion that the recipients are lazy. Working with disabled people however noble you think it is, does not make you more qualified to determine public policy.
1	The only real other pick Dyrus could've gone to is Lulu   Wrong, Mundo was open! If they picked tristana instead of Ryze. Mundo is know to "counter" double ap strategy, and Dyrus managed to rape Ryze on NA LCS final. Mundo could be used to make a double split 1 3 1 strategy, or 1-4 as a bif frontlane to tristana.   By the way since they picked rengar, they should have picked JANNA instead of nami, cause janna hard counter him with instant knockback with R, instant knockup with Q and instead shield with E. Nami spells are great but not fast enough to counter rengar burst.   >
0	No offense, but anyone that consistently goes to the gym have seen a lot of people that are ready to make the change to their life, yet fall off the wagon after a week. On top of that, there is no shortage of people that those regular gym goers have tried to help, yet all those efforts are lost in vain. At some point, you just become desensitized to those people and their noble quests. I can't personally say I given dirty looks or treated a fat person at the gym with disrespect, but fuck me for not looking like the proudest momma/poppa in the world, simply because you decided to finally start trying.   Besides, plaudits are handed out at the end of the journey, not throughout. You can't expect to be coddled to the finish line, at least not by strangers.
1	In my opinion by far the biggest nerf is removal of the CDR. It would still be a very good item even if you had to do 5% more damage to your target from other sources.   To be honest I think a DFG nerf has been long overdue, but complete removal of CDR means manaless casters lost (iirc) their only way of getting CDR without buying mana or giving up mag pen on boots. My poor poor Mordekaiser....   Also no amount of nerfing the item (except to the point that no one buys it at all) is going to get people to use it on tanks when they could burst carries instead.
0	You are mixing the hypothetical and the real. I am making no claim about the capabilities of he human race. That is your own invention, and not something I wish to debate. The perfect knowledge I described is not agent specific. It could be a machine, or a wookie.   So you could find God there, as well, then.   >What? Because of the definition of god.   You know, I think this is something that actually needs to be hammered down a little bit.  "God" gets tossed around here a lot (by myself, too) and I don't think we're all actually talking about the same thing.  Mostly, it appears to be a mish-mash of various theistic beliefs about a creator figure.  So, what is the definition of God?  I know you mentioned it breifly before, but let's get it down on paper, and I'll post mine.   >Have you read Descarte or Kant or Hegel on this? You should. They did it.   I read all of them, like, seven years ago, but of course not to a hugely great depth - just the "big stuff" covered in 100 and 200 level courses.  Can you point me to something?   >Yeah, you need to learn what falsifiability is. I am making a presumption that we exhaust the search and don't find him. That is the point of contention: of course there is no issue if we do find him. The question is: are there conditions under which we can say definitively that there is no god? That is a very important question.   Ah, gotcha.   >You do not have the required skill set to analyze these concepts further. You claim that we should, "use" metaphysics, and then you say Kant bores you. Yes, I am sure Kant bores you when you read his wikipedia synopsis, or really, anything other than an in depth analysis and conversation, which usually means a university course.   Actually, I was bored by Kant and Hegel and the like while in college.  What's worse is I was forced to get through them - the discussions in class were always more interesting to me.  So I mean, your assertion that I was bored by Kant on Wiki is wrong - I find such philosophers most exciting when I don't have to read hundreds of pages to get to a concept which can be summarized in a small paper.   >Name a single concept from Kant without googling. Come on, man.   Hmmm... I know this.  I know a few... sadly, I can't recall... either way, so what?  The things I read from Kant didn't stick.  Get me the Dummies book, maybe I'll like it better.   >Bottom line is that the take away from Kant is that god is a metaphysical concept, and since we only have access to the physical world, the question of his existence in incoherent.   Sorry then, mate.  I agree with you on that.  It's the very unprovability of God that I am trying to highlight.  I'm trying to suggest he can't be proven - and that attempts to do so within our own paradigm fail.  Somewhere along the way (probably because I've been responding to 5 comments at once) I confused your position with one trying to prove that the existence of God should somehow be provable by us.   >
1	Riot has already stated that they pump white noise into the headsets.  One of the reasons they tell players to put the headset back on when they take it off (in addition to it being part of the rules) is that the judges can't actually hear them talking even when right next to them because of how much noise there is.
1	Fuck it. When in doubt source it.
1	Can I expect more "fun" videos from TSM in the near future? I was watching [this video]( of past moments in TSM history and realized how little you guys publish videos now. :(   I think one of the big reasons TSM got so popular was the effort you guys used to put in to engage the community with your vids, and that's how people got to know and love the personalities of everyone on the team.
1	Actually that game wasn't Turtle's fault. The lane had gotten frozen really hard by Sneaky after the 4 man gank bot and Sneaky had also hit that all so important level 6 for Kog which spiked his power by a lot. Turtle's Trist was also starting to roll down that mid game slump she has so he realistically had no way to actually lane versus Sneaky w/o getting immediately chunked out or killed every time.   As for the rest of the season, well my theory is that the loss of Xpecial hurt him a lot more than people realize. While they may not have had the best synergy due to personality issues, I think Xpecial was exactly the type of player Turtle needs as his duo lane partner. Thinking about it, Xpecial being the veteran would naturally be the one in charge of the bot lane and based on his personality, I feel he'd give very precise directions to Turtle on what to do and when to do it. Now when the swap happened, suddenly Turtle became the veteran player and he isn't exactly known for his tactical mind. Gleeb already had his hands filled with his own problems with adjusting to LCS and trying to be the team's shotcaller to micromanage Turtle. As a result Turtle looked completely lost at the beginning half of the split. Now with Lustboy, his english is only good enough to convey general stuff and I'm sure he's atm just trying to adjust to TSM and living in the U.S.
0	Dude, why?   Your crush reads your reddit comments, and has no problem. She'll now know you like her.
0	You don't get to make decisions for someone because you didn't wear a rubber.   my suggestion does not involve anyone making decisions for others, actually, it is the direct opposite.   but the thing is, men can not just walk away at any point as you claim, if they do they would get thrown into jail because they are not paying child support.   i am not saying that having sex is riskless, but lets take a totally hypothetical scenario, a OAG scenario of sorts, a couple agrees to have sex, they use the pills, they both agree that if the pills fails they will keep the child, now the OAG figures "well i want a child, why leave it to chance" and stops taking the pill, voila! a bun in the oven, sure its a breach of trust but in todays society the guy would get stuck with it, let us think, if we can prove somehow that she cheated about the pill. wouldnt it be fair for the guy to write himself off? they did agree to a very small chance of having kids, however one part of the couple decided to take matters in its own hands.   we could do the same scenario with condoms, buttsex, used condoms, man swimmer killer pills or whatever.   one argument against this would be "but abortion is so much bigger than writing off something on a paper", well just because one person has it hard to have freedom, should not mean another person shouldnt have the freedom at all.   anyhow, on to male birth control, Vasectomy - sure, but it has only been the last year or so where vasectomy have been reversible, while women has had it for decades (similar technique/goal), im just pointing out that it isnt that easy sometimes.   Male birth control pills!! yay!, if you havent noticed anytime this is of subject the male population of reddit screams with passion of why this is awesome, i would gladly take them if that will make sure my GF does not get knocked up. Men wants this.   however, pharmacuticals does not, why would they produce pills for a new market that could destroy this market they have had for 60 years, and could continue to milk. its a similar scenario to how oil companies are cockblocking electric cars.   my point is, men want more contraceptives, perhaps more than you think, a condom is not always enough. but it is only the latest years that medicine has caught up, it will probably be a couple of years before we have the equivelant of a male "pill".   it still boils down to where the woman has ultimate control of when to give birth however hard it seems, where the man has no say from conception
1	In lane, she's fairly basic. Heal, mana, silence, ult, etc. In teamfights however, a very different and unique mindset of decision making has to be taken in order to play her to her fullest potential.   Silence the mage, or the bruiser? Heal your carry, or the tank? Heal to bait, or give +X effective HP to everyone who took damage? Attempt to pour on Q stacks at the cost of your own life, or save it for the mana?   Most supports have more/less a "fire everything" mentality, with the exception of a few supports with situational ults like Lulu.
1	I tend to play ADC quite a bit, and although I'm no diamond player, I can definitely give some sort of input. Most of the time, you're going to want to take down whoever is the biggest threat to  you  at the given point in time.   I reason it this way, because in most situations (speaking in terms of teamfights), you're most likely not going to have the opportunity to directly take down the opposing Tristana as Vayne. Let's just be real.   However, if the enemy Alistar is bullrushing in for the CC, you're going to focus him as best as you can. Your job is to take down the targets by the level of threat in respect to  YOU.   I mean, sure, if you have a clear shot, and there is no other opposing threat higher than the enemy ADC, by all means,  do what you (and your team) sees fit.   I usually remember this little saying when playing:   "In optimal circumstances, your team will peel for you. However, the enemy team will peel for their ADC as well."  I hope I gave quality enough advice for you.
1	I really like heimer. He is so fun! But he has a few problems that a simple buff won't fix cuz upping his ratios has the potential to make him scary op after lane phase.   As much as I love him, there is a reason he has problems in ranked. Great lane phase, has problems in team fights because of turrets and needing to position them and hope people stay near them. He is so slow, just so so slow. You can't really take mobo boots cuz you need the pen from sorcers. And ghost and flash are needed as defensive saftey options, otherwise he is just to vulnerable.   The biggest problem with hiemer as I said before is he falls off a little late game. Its hard for him to carry games after laning phase and he can't really roam for ganks to well unless the enemy is low. He has no CC, and his burst comes from only 2 skills. A slow grenade which can stun if you land it on the enemy, have fun doing that after getting out of bronze. And missles, which are awesome no complaints on them.   And I feel like I rambled and ranted, sorry.
0	A couple of years back I was applying for a job at a pizzeria.  I arrived early because i was nervous.  A homeless man was ordering a pizza, but I could tell he was a little disoriented and couldn't understand the total was more than what he had.  So I went up to the cashier and handed her 10 dollars (it was a small pizza place) and told her I would pay for it.   Now, the homeless man didn't understand what I had just done.  He just grabbed the pizza and left (which honestly didn't bother me at all).   Then the cashier (female) started telling me how nice I was and that she had never seen anyone do something like that.  Long story short, the manager came up for my interview and she mentioned what had happened to him and I was hired on the spot (which was pretty cool).   But to be honest, it kind of bugged me that such a minute favor had such an impact on people.  I didn't see it as life changing experience.  I was simply trying to help out a fellow man.  It bothered me that nobody else could conceive of the idea of helping that fellow out.
1	It was a Tuesday afternoon in Spring of 2011. A young man hears a conversation about certain legends while concocting curious chemical combinations in his notebook, little did he know that this wouldn't be the first time he hears about these legends. Later that same day he would catch curious conversations pertaining to the topic as if this universe was always there and he just wasn't listening hard enough. Now that his attention was grabbed, he investigated further, asking acquaintances, questioning curious entities until he found out all he needed to know and thus he exposed himself, albeit briefly, to the realm known as Runeterra home of the League of Legends under the alias ShockBox. He did not get far, only to the 8th level, due to dastardly slow update speeds and extreme gaps in his time on the rift, sometimes ranging months. It also didn't help that he was playing alone. This story might have ended there if not for the a fateful encounter in the Autumn of 2013.   The young man had aged, not by much, but enough to understand that there are no coincidences. One day while facing the dastardly demon known as Calculus, he hears friends, allies in the pursuit if education, speak of League of Legends. He recalls the hours of updating and the boredom of playing the game, but the attitude of his comrades peaked his curiosity. This curiosity gnawed at him for he was a man who sought knowledge from his curiosities. He once again ventured into the realm of Runeterra to battle on the Fields of Justice this time under the alias Hurricane18. But he was not alone this time, no, this time he had friends to aid him on his journey. An thus a new legend was born.
0	This seems super fucking bitter.   Who says its rich parents? My older brother lived in Costa Rica for 9 months after traveling around Central America on his own money, money he earned working 45 hour weeks for a small moving company and saving his cash. Now he's working on a sail boat and sailing to Australia in March, not with daddies money, but on hard work and determination.
0	Yea, under-reaction is way worse. I was violated by my older brothers friend when i was 7-8, it took 3-4 years for it to even come to light when my parents found out about it during one of my raging anger sessions. What happened afterwards was nearly nothing.   My brother had actually "caught" us while it was happening, and never told my parents, which was one reason i never told my parents. the kid never got in trouble, my brother actually stood up for his friend, which i think hurt the most, we never had a good relationship even before then but i felt that he entirely abandoned me to stick up for a friend and the fact he kept it hidden. The way i saw it, or at least recall it, is that he failed at doing the 1 thing an older brother is supposed to do for a younger brother, and that is protect him. He didn't protect me, his own family member, he protected his friend for years instead.   and to this day my brother doesn't think the sexual encounter between me at 7-8 and his friend who was 11-12 at the time was a big deal and refuses to apologize or acknowledge any guilt over the situation. He doesn't even understand it's the reason we have no relationship.   I went on for years feeling unprotected by my family, and honestly don't consider my brother to be a part of my family anymore. We do not hang out, we do not speak, the only interaction we have is running into each other when interacting with our parents, and when they are gone i hope to never see him again.   Come to think of it, i am still really fucked up from all of that, and it's one reason i have  hard time dealing with things life throws at me and in the situation that i am currently in.
1	I went from 90 points in bronze 2 to like 15 points in bronze 4 over 3 days in an epic rash of bad teams.  I dont in any way shape or form mean to say that in those games I didn't make any misplays, but at multiple points in that stretch of time, I had a whole lot of really really bad players (I dont mean like a couple bad decisions, but 1 to 2 players on the team that would be 0/5/0+ by the 10 minute mark. or afk/troll picking AP nid support and ONLY splitpush, etc) ANYWAY, I went all the way down, and soloqueueing after that I was consistently last pick, and unfortunately most people dont realize how differently the jungle functions than playing a lane and/or even though I have pretty good ratings with most of my jungle champs, people just absolutely refused to support and would push me out of the jungle.  I actually really enjoy supporting, and have pretty good win/loss with a few supports.  Anyway, I like playing just about anything (I dont like to ADC, my last hitting isn't amazing in duo lanes, and I genuinely find it kinda boring early.) but that's why I rarely get to jungle.
0	I think 3rd party votes are wasted  at the presidential level  because there's far too much power in Congress.  Somewhat less so in Congress itself, look at Bernie Sanders (Independent) or even Ron Paul (Republican), they're essentially both 3rd party but have to side with one party out of necessity to get anything done.   If people voted 3rd party  at the local level  those 3rd party candidates would move up the ladder to Congress with a base of support that is required to operate at the national level.  The downside of this is it will take more than a couple election cycles to get any sort of movement going but everyone wants the "quick fix" of a 3rd party President.
0	I actually learned this while I was studying Latin! Most of the names we have for countries are their fault cause they named whole regions after the tiny tribes they first came in contact with, same reason we say Greek instead of Hellenic and a whole bunch more. The Japan's name not being Nihon or Nippon is slightly more complected, it's the Chinese reading of 日本 (the characters pronounced Nihon meaning sun origin) as heard by the Portuguese sailors who were the first Europeans in the region.
1	I'm not saying you're wrong. But I have a feeling, that it's all about assassins and "there is no tanks in s4" gameplay (if you're not lifestealing/regenerating you will die in seconds even with fulltank items). There IS counter to engage. Lulu, Janna, Nami - all of tham actually can counter it. But why would you do that? There are 2 scenarios. Either you survived and probably got nothing out of it or you failed and died. And when you will play "engager", if you will counter-engage you actually have a possibility to kill enemy.   In past it wasn't alsways the case, because you could take passive "guardian support" (like Janna) and protect your fed AD carry late game. But nowadays you're not able to protect him! Bursters have so much damage, that your little shield and knockback arent enough! And what if jungler will got to botlane? It's probably Vi/Pantheon/Wukong, you need only 1 good, reliable CC (Annie, leona, thresh) and you have almost guaranteed kill with him!
1	Just because no one's said it yet and I'm that guy) Today I learned people can watch the champion spotlights when they come out. (Butnoseriously it's a good tip to know. Thank you for letting more Bards know this <3) Edit: Totally forgot to say "
1	Fuck Warwick, he's garbage. Amumu is a good pick with great jungle protection, Rammus is an excellent ganker and a great pick if they have ~3 AD champions, Fiddle can be a decent pick if they aren't constantly warding.  Lee Sin, Skarner, Udyr, Trundle, Nocturne all have great clearing times. I prefer Lee sin and Udyr over Nocturne and Skarner, because I feel that their ganks are more ult dependent, although they might have an easier time catching the enemy.   Jungle Rammus is my new personal favorite. I played him for the very first time in a normal game last night, and decided to jungle. I quickly read a guide on his skills, items, route, and masteries/runes. I received no protection and died at my blue buff and gave up first blood, but proceeded to counter jungle their Shyvana, and gank the crap out of the lanes, carrying my team to victory by getting assists on more than half of the game's kills. We recovered from what was almost a loss, and a game I wanted to surrender from the beginning. His jungle times are pretty good to start, but without a wriggles (which I'm not sure if I'll ever build), the route doesn't speed up much, since you're leveling your taunt. I read a guide that said to get Philosopher's Stone and Heart of Gold and continue jungling and ganking, and it's worked fine, since I could taunt enemies and do half their health on my own by the end of the taunt, while my teammates got more damage.
1	The reason is so simple... EU LCS is in the morning/ early morning in NA.. middle of the week. Very few people can whatch it from NA. In the other hand the NA LCS is in the weekend and start at 9 o'clock (CET) at night. Lot of people can whatch it from EU.
0	I have been a version of this scumbag stacy, and I feel kind of guilty, but not totally guilty.   I was 15 and I'd had a band rehearsal in town. I'd taken my acoustic guitar which comes with a humongous hard case, and I also had a huge backpack with me. (I got off on the 2nd to last stop before the bus started the route again, so I knew I'd be on it for quite a while.)   The bus was kind of busy, and I debated putting my guitar on the luggage rack, but it's right by the door to the bus and I was terrified someone would just grab it and run. I tried sitting down with the case between my legs but it was sooo painful, and I had nowhere to put my bag, so I sat on the aisle seat with the guitar in the footwell by the window and my backpack on the seat.   A few people get on the bus and sit down, but this one woman in her 40's approached me and asked me to move over. (There were 3 or 4 other seats where the person had a free seat next to them by the window) I explained my situation with the guitar case to her and she cut me off and told me to give up my seat. I said no.   She tutted at me and stood for 2 stops before sitting down in a completely free row, even though there were free seats, and got off a stop later.
0	A few reasons for people to do this.   1) You or someone else is driving less than the speed of traffic.   2) You aren't aware that people around you want to get over to   a) get around you or   b) get around the car beside you   I'm a scum bag steve most days of the week because there is a section highway on my commute that is speed trap.  Most of the "safe drivers" go 40mph when the speed limit is 45. However, you can safely goes 55 on the road without worry about cops.  What I have to do is cut through traffic, eating up these "safe distances" because if I don't, I know that if I don't go 55 from one light to another, I'll hit five red lights and waste 15 minutes siting at red lights.   I also drive a big truck and tow heavy loads (8k truck + 12k trailer) and I know how hard is it to keep a safe distance.  I also drive a minivan on the weekend where I try to be a smooth as possible.   The trick is being aware of the cars around you so they don't have to eat your safe distance.  Again, you should always be aware of the situation around you when driving.  Not just in front of you, but beside you and behind you at  all times .  You should be so aware that if someone asked you, you can tell them, without looking, where everyone is at and what they are doing.  You should be so situational aware that you're able to do an emergency lane change without even looking.
1	Because back in late season 2/early season 3 Leblanc sucked. That was back when everyone was too cowardly to play most non-meta Champs in competitive and Leblanc was one of them.   Her CS ability was abysmal, her mana costs were high, her snowball was hgih, and things were clunky all around. Removing the mana cost from her ult was one of several things that they did to make her decent.   Her cooldown on her ult back in the day wasn't a huge deal either because no one ever built Morello or Athenes on her. She got the 10% from DFG at most and just wasn't as good as she is now. Plus base stats are a lot different now so people are squishier around level 9 which is why she sort of came back into season 5.
1	thats a lot of leaving imo,   i have over 400 wins and 6 leaves, all due to fucked up connection/computer crashed once, and 1 time, just once,   i had to get up and leave due to an emergency,   an easy way to avoid leaves,  is to play when you KNOW you have nough time, and NOT join a match if you have had latancy issues in the last hour,   be considerate, cause when a match is 10 levels in and youre complaining about lag, then leave, it ruins the match for the rest of us.
1	Just apply? E.g. Dignitas is looking for a content manager right now.   If you are proficient as a technician, commentater, host, pro gamer or actor just grab your CV and fling it at all the major Esport organizations and finally check the open positions at the riot homepage.
1	IceFrog is the sole balancer of Dota 2, so unless they had him working on New Bloom and the map textures, his work schedule was not influenced by them at all.   6.84 has been huge though, I agree it is a bit late and a 6.83d could have been nice, but it wasn't as if heroes in the competitive scene were incredibly imbalanced.   >The same argument applies to dota as well. How often do you read patch notes on /dota2 and go "oh, it's just cosmetics, tickets, and bugfixes?"   Again, because of how different they do their patches. Valve doesn't even need to actually make cosmetics, they just need to test and approve them. What he's been saying is Riot has considerably more manpower and yet content is still comparable.   >Second, this exists   And it is an immortal/removed  because  of the backlash. That's why we don't have mummies dressed up as cakes.   >every time there's a sexy cosmetic for a female character added into dota 2 everyone says "we league of legends now" and act like every female champ league releases is that way   It's pretty much a meme and I don't know people actually take it seriously.   People might be playing Dota because they don't like how cartoony League looks and that is a legitimate concern to them.   >No one seems to care that Valve takes an absurd 75% cut in everything that is sold in their store, including tournament tickets where the TOs actually end up with no money from their sales because of the 25% that is theirs, most of it is given to the prize pool and the set creators for the ticket.   I agree, Valve could be more generous to content creators, but for most players, they only care if the heroes are monetized. I hate it when people bring it up for League, but Dota is a true free to play game. They are clearly making a lot of profit out of the game and I really don't mind because it means I can continue playing.   I'd love to see content creators/pros make more, but that's not very high up in the list of what I am concerned with.   >Riot might be currently charging for Chromas, but at least they released more then one special game mode in the past year, and none of them were absolute shit and horrifically pay-to-win on top of that.   I hate how the New Bloom was practically pay-to-win, but to some extent I don't give a fuck - it's a fun mode and winners get cosmetics. It doesn't affect MMR, it's like paying to get more cosmetics in a pure sense. I really hope new gamemodes don't follow New Bloom's path, but all I care about is normal Dota. I honestly wouldn't mind if they make fun gamemodes even less frequent because Dota in itself is extremely fun for me.   Sure URF and Snowdown weren't pay-to-win and pretty fun, but the game itself is pay-to-win/pay-to-gain-an-advantage. That's what I hate about. Despite all the pay-to-win crap Valve gave us, at least it doesn't affect normal games.   >no Valve support besides cosmetics and Valve throwing $1000000 at a couple tournaments in a year.   True, and I do criticize them when it is brought up, that they appear to not the attention the games/pro scene needs. Some might say it's apparent they've improved a lot in implementing Majors in both CS:GO and Dota in the future. Balance patches in CS:GO sometimes don't make sense. Maybe it's just a blessing how Dota has Icefrog. They clearly don't communicate enough and they could learn from Riot to some extent.   But if you ask me if I would rather have a game/game dev with functionality and little communication OR a game with a shitty client but a good PR department, I would definitely choose the former.   >When Valve fucked up the drop system so you could play 10 games and never see anyone get a drop, people got upset, but now that it is fixed it's never brought up. Meanwhile people are still shitting on Riot for stuff they did over 4 years ago.   >Despite all these things, public perception of Valve is still miles better then of Riot
1	For fun, I went through the math on the gold from Targon's versus the gold from jungling:   2 stack every 30 seconds in a duo lane = 2x value of two minions per wave + 20g.   In a basic wave, you have 3 melee minions and 3 range minions, which total 3 20 + 3 15 = 105g. On a siege wave, you have those minions plus a 45g siege minion = 150g. Double Targon's increases the value of a regular wave by 55g, and a siege wave by 75g. That sounds pretty damn good, but remember that you're giving up your jungler. Say the jungler can be expected to clear one camp and attempt one gank a minute. One camp is worth 40g at a minimum (wraiths). In the time the Targon’s lanes got a bonus 55 + 55 = 110 if that minute had two normal waves or 55 + 75 = 130 gold on a minute with a siege wave, the jungler got 40 gold from farming and attempted one gank. His gank needs to swing the cs in a lane in his team’s favor by 4 on average (=(110/2) / (average minion value)) in order to keep up with Targon’s.  Doing any significant amount of damage, forcing a back, or even just showing up and blowing a summoner and making the enemy play a little more fearfully can get him that swing.   The above doesn't take into account experience, which even though it got nerfed, is still a pretty significant part of the equation.
1	Trust me. You can down-vote away just because you haven't seen a pro build it yet. Everyone thought Ezreal sucked back in the day too. You guys can follow like blind sheep or be innovators. This item is amazing on GP and might actually make him competitively viable again.   NEWS FLASH I understand now that you said this that it doesn't make since but here is two things.     I did NOT down vote you.     My builds are mine, just that. I build that fits my playstyle with the champion for the comp of both teams. I do not have to follow a carbon copy of it.       I don't even jungle GP I top lane him. I was was just tying to have an open discussion on reddit. I play him in the top lane. Anyway have an upvote and for the love of god don't say "Downvote me all you want" on reddit. You just look like an ass. Also I was talking about jungle clearing and not team fighting.
1	If a game can be won or lost in pick/ban phase I don't find that very entertaining. The rest of the game is a formality. Not exciting at all. In fact the thought that a group can create a good comp or a comp that can "handle any match up" (which isn't a truth, just a well rounded team in actual truth) seems far more exciting.   Because you want to see if they can pull it off.
1	Over a large number of games no, sure, I'm playing a smurf at the moment, and I was stuck at 1400-1500 elo for a good 20 games, most of these games I literally reached legendary in killing spree, ganking other lanes when I could without losing to much but both other lanes, despite my efforts went 0/8+/0 in every other game. Now that is no problem, because I'm at 1707 atm and rising (14 winstreak, which is not surprising considering I am a smurf.) But the amount of nonsense you have to deal with is heart breaking, to be honest, and if you do not believe in yourself enough it will drag your own performance down also, a losing streak where you have done well but the team still lost will make you care less, will make you take bigger risks in order to try to force the victory. Which is something people do not factor in when they claim elo hell doesn't exist.   But the thing is, right now I have a lot of time on my hands and I can just keep playing til I reach my elo, however people can be busy irl and not have time to sit down for 5+ games every day and they will be stuck in elo for ages, if you belong at 1600 elo you will have a very very difficult time carrying people in 1400 because it's a roll of the dice, if you are good enough you can exploit winning your lane into snowballing into other lanes (easiest as mid.) But if both mid and top go 0/8/0 and you aren't good enough to have stopped that in the making (asuming that it's even possible, sometimes people just keep dying because they keep fighting while at a disadvantage, Ex. level 6 wukong rushing in and ulting a level 11 nidalee while he is 0/6/0 and she is 6/3/2 in the middle of his lane, with her lane pushing with a massive amount of creeps (an example from one of my games during hte 1400-1500 period)
0	Anyone who says shit like this has obviously never fucking had to go on unemployment.  Wanna hear my experience? I'm just one person so other results may vary but here it is so you can fuck yourself with it!   Sure I'll just go do some labor, can I bring my bluetooth headset (JK, I bought that after I got my job, would not have been able to afford it on UI!) for when recruiters call me and I have phone interviews I apparently can't study for because I'm cleaning the fucking highway instead of improving my skills at Codecademy in order to make myself more desirable to employers?  What about if I'm too fucking broke to own a car and it takes me two fucking hours by bus to get to my worksite?  (Yes I have taken two hour bus rides to interviews) Why punish ME for WANTING TO WORK and being stuck in a SHIT JOB MARKET with THREE YEARS EXPERIENCE.  FUCK me for graduating from college in 2008, RIGHT? WHAT A DUMB DECISION I MADE TO BE BORN IN THE MID EIGHTIES and enter the job market during the worst economic downturn in decades, you fucking moron.   I could go on, but this OP is an ignorant fucking turd.  Speak from experience OR be able to follow your own line of thinking until you find holes in it.  Otherwise, take your bullshit, insulated, superior attitude and fucking SHOVE it.   Fast Forward One Year! I now have a GREAT job (because I spent my time learning and networking, NOT cleaning roads) AND an awesome little used honda with 100,000 miles on it paid for in cash and six months' living expenses in savings.  Do not fucking judge people for landing on hard times! OR do and just keep doing your thing until one day something happens to you and uninformed strangers fucking spit on you.   DETAILS:  6 job searches per week required by law, or they stop paying you.  They follow up on these work search logs and if any are lies, they stop paying you.  If you can't find a job in X months (I forget the number), TWC (Texas Workforce Commission) REQUIRES you to attend interview and resume writing workshops provided by The Goodwill.  If you don't go to them, they stop paying you.  Do your fucking homework.   BONUS DETAILS: If your previous boss, who maybe even illegally failed to provide you with health insurance during your time at his company, LIES to the TWC about why you lost your job in an effort to cockblock you from getting benefits, the entire situation depends on the personal mood of the TWC employee who answers your phone call.  I was lucky and got a friendly person who believed my side.   BUT WHAT ABOUT A PART TIME JOB WHILE JOB HUNTING: Yeah I tried that and made a whopping 80 bucks a week working retail (WAY LESS than what unemployment paid and WAY LESS than enough to pay rent and bills!).  They could not afford to give us any more hours because there wasn't enough business to support it because nobody was buying $200 sweaters because the ECONOMY WAS IN THE SHITTER. THE BEST PART about working at the mall and commuting by bus is when they have you work the closing shift and you end up sitting at the bus stop in a mall parking lot for a half hour waiting for the 11pm bus (and you're a young woman).   EDIT:  I have never been on welfare so I'm not going to speculate on that shit.
0	Last year, we paid nearly $8,000 in health insurance premiums, plus $3,600 in prescription and doctor co-pays, med supplies, and additional tests for my husband alone.  My husband has a degenerative neurological disease, and without paying that $11,600 last year, we wouldn't have been able to afford his medicines or copious doctor visits.  He collects roughly $20,000 per year in Social Security Disability, which means that over 1/2 of his income was taken by insurance and medical costs.   Contrary to popular belief, Medicare doesn't kick in until you've been on Social Security for 18 months.  Which means that if it hadn't been for the meager savings we had, and my full time job, he would not have been able to survive where we lived.  As it was, I was forced to leave him alone at home during massive seizures because we couldn't afford for me to lose my job.  I also had to send him via cabs to some of his doctor appointments, because he can't drive and I couldn't take the time off work (so add another $50 per doctor appointment to the out-of-pocket cost).   We recently moved across country where I have family to help me with him.  Since I haven't got a job yet, I have no health insurance.  We can't afford for both of us to be insured, so his care takes priority.  I've had a headache and dizzy spells for 3 weeks, and I really hope it's not something bad.  Just in case, I take an aspirin every day and drink lots of water.  That's the best I can do.   Edit:clarified
1	But it wasn't even that long of a read...Barely even
0	I used to be an operations director on a small station.  There's a reasoning behind this.  We have to fill out logs to send to PROs and journals detailing what music we play and at what times.  On the station I worked on, I had the computer generate the logs in advance but would ensure that it would be weeks between the same song's performance on automation.  Then I would take the DJs logs (assuming they followed direction and filled them out) and put them into our logs.  With our music director, we would then sort them and send them off to CMJ and etc.   As you can tell, there is a lot of paperwork.  And with radio listenership decreasing, some cuts are made.  Now there are some stations which are basically automated closets rather than live studios.  In addition to this automation, station directors may cover multiple stations, may be part time, or have to cover positions that used to be delegated to others.  To make it easier, just generate one day's worth of logs and use them every day as it makes for less paperwork every month.
1	The last three AD carries were Caitlyn, Vayne, and Graves.  Caitlyn was considered underpowered due to how poorly she scaled into late game at release and after several buffs she still scales into late game badly but makes up for it by being a god early game.  Her late game isn't terrible by any means but practically every AD carry is stronger than her late game.   Vayne and Graves were both considered wildly OP on release and have both gotten nerfs on a few occasions.  Sivir's remake took her from what many considered a terrible AD carry that was pretty much only run by CLG in a solo lane as a split pusher to what many now consider one of the strongest AD carries in the game.   AD carry is a lot harder to balance than AP carries are because their kits are just so finicky.  If you give them a kit with no steroids like Caitlyn you have someone who's going to fall off hard but if you give them a kit with a lot of beneficial spells like Graves you're going to create a champion that's just way too powerful.   Hell, the AD carry that was released before Caitlyn was Miss Fortune who was also wildly OP at release and had to be toned down.
0	I'm not sure why you've been downvoted. As a recent graduate I saw these exact situations arise. The program I graduated from was removed at the end of our class, and replaced with a similar but much broader program. As a result, every graduating class after mine will have a much better skillset then the people from my class. 1 year to find a job before the market gets flooded with more qualified people, good times.   On top of this, the best teacher we had was let go after 1 semester and replaced with an alcoholic. He would stumble into our building on campus late almost everyday, stinking of booze, and in the 3 semesters I had with him, never taught us a damn thing. The syllabus he gave us for most classes weren't even accurate to the class (imagine being given a syllabus for career prep, when the class is audio production...)   I know people will read this and instantly chalk it up to being a one-off situation, or that it was my responsibility as a student to demand better. Our class did exactly that. We created a multi-page official complaint to the school, all signed it, and presented it to the school. Shortly after the teachers rounded us all up and lectured us about how they've 'turned a blind eye to some of our bad behaviour', and that we should be more 'forgiving'. No staffing changes were ever made, although the alcoholic teacher did take a large number of sick days.   This year they hired a new program head. To replace the previous one that had over 30 years of industry experience, and nearly 20 additional years of teaching experience (guy was seriously old, and deserved to retire); his replacement was a graduate of the school he now teaches at, he only graduated 10 years ago and had worked in a very small business locally only. He was a complete dimwit.
1	She just has long sharp claws instead of nails..  Look at it from this perspective: Fizz: Is a shark Color scheme: blue/aquatic colors Void fizz: Is a void creature (maybe he fell into the void idk) Total color scheme change. All abilities changed. Ult is now a piranha plant from hell.   Now look at lux: Is a human Color scheme: sunshiny/yellowey Now look at skin idea: Still a human Wearing a different rope + different staff, still has human aspects (such as blonde hair)   It just doesn't work.
0	I don't think a discussion of privilege is particularly useful, as we can see from the anger expressed here. As a white person, it makes me uncomfortable (which is a good indicator that it is at least partly factual). However, the government/society has done things ti mitigate (not the best word) white privilege, like minority (includes white women) contracts at government institutions.   The reason the discussion isn't useful though, is not cause racism doesn't exist. It does. I believe that the biggest issue is class. I'm from the south, and blacks and who's alike have undergone generations of poverty, which most families don't pull out of. My family has been long term middle class and I'm lucky for it, but I look around at the lower classes and see no future for them. Its a bit worse to be poor and black sure, but being poor and white where I'm from means no education, a prescription drug or meth problem, and a criminal record to go with it. The judges will put their asses in jail too... anyone who can't pay for a lawyer... dicked.   I don't say any of this to diminish minority hardship. I just am saying that I think it is more useful to look at things through a lens of class, especially since we're all (even lucky middle class white dudes like me) setting our opportunities to rise up the ladder diminished by free trade, globalism, deregulation, and the countless other advantages that can be bought if you have deep enough pockets.
0	I've had the worse sort of issues with Pizza Hut. I ordered a pizza online, was happy, yay. After an hour goes by and no pizza has arrived, I call the store to see what's up. The girl on the phone looks up my order and then says, "Oh. We don't deliver to that area." I attempt to keep my cool as I ask her why their website would allow me to order my pizza as a delivery if that was the case, to which her response was, "I don't know." I then asked her when they were planning to call me to let me know my pizza wasn't coming. All she could offer me was a, "It's done now if you want to pick it up?" I angrily go to the location to pick up the pizza because I'm starving and don't care at this point. When the guy behind the counter hands me the pizza, he says, "That'll be $17." Apparently because the actual delivery order online couldn't be completed, they cancelled it, and thereby cancelled the payment on my debit card. Silly, angry me forgot my debit card at home on my computer desk because I was in such a hurry to gtfo and get my pizza. All I had in my wallet was a hundred dollar bill which they wouldn't accept. I had to run across the street to a gas station to make change for my cold pizza which I paid full price for. He didn't say thank you.
0	Got my wife's engagement ring there.My wife's mom passed away due to cancer but before she did, my wife and her looked at rings at Costco. They both liked a ring and my wife (then girlfriend) sent a photo to me by mistake in a text saying she loves it. I kept the photo and a year later went to Costco. The ring was gone. Heartbroken, I asked the manager there if he could track it down by a photo with a barely visible tag. After a month of searching, he found there were only 2 left. He had one overnighted (free) to my location. It was the exact same type and cut. I'll never not be a Costco member.
0	Introvert here, people don't think I'm creepy because I don't do creepy things. Whatd'ya know, funny how that works. I know that "creepy" people tend to be introverts, but it's more than that, usually some kind of social disadvantage during youth.
1	It really depends on the type of champions you wish to play, and how many.  I have a semi-small pool of heroes that can all pretty much use 1 of 3 pages now.  Mine are quite similar to yours so I'll just mention the differences and type of champs they fuel.   For AP, instead of Flat Yellows and Blues I get the per level scaling.  This offers slightly more AP by level 6 than flats, and almost 3x more by 18 (per respective color).  The wiki ( is helpful for summing up some math for you on which variants of a stat are slightly superior in how much you get out of them.  Flat AP Quints (Potency) over Per Level (Force) are a prime example of quints that are better than 3 of its corresponding stat type.  A lot of mids like MR yellows (primary defensive runes) instead of full power, but imo the AP can choose either.  1v1 you're both a bit stronger against each other.  A bit more in his favor, but in most team matchups your extra AP will be more useful instead of MR as you're trying to dish out the most damage for the team, not tank, and imo the solo mid's AP total is super important as they have an easier time melting down tanks than physical champions for most the game.   For your AD page, I use Mn/level instead of MR blues, but that is fine if you play bruisers more over ranged ADC.  I play top lane least and jungle second least, and all my characters aside from Mundo use mana anyhow.  Mundo can use what he pleases though, and mine utilizes my "Support" page.   For Support, Gp10, Mvspd, or Flat Health are all good, universal choices on your Quints.  I've used them all a lot, but typically go with Movespeed.  You need to be everywhere, you need to roam a lot for warding/counter warding, and your positioning is super key at all times.  It can easily be the differences in kills or getting killed, or being useful.  Late game a support typically will be underfarmed and still tasked with helping in fights fully without exploding.  This means you need to kite on the edges of fights, and move in to get spells off and gtfo back out.  It dictates everything you do and this is the only rune slot that allows for +Mspd.  Also, a lot of my junglers will use this page.  Junglers need to be everywhere all the time too, as they literally have no lane to sit in, and their clear times are crucial.  Most mine do magical damage or mostly (yes, even Mundo...cleavers hurt).  Rammus, Mumu, Nunu, Alistar are all great jungling examples for this page.   Armor yellows always (Flat imo).  The money yellows are pretty poor, ironically.  Remember yellows are your primary defense rune.  Reds are offense.  9 times out of 10 you're going to see an ADC bottom with a support that usually does "low damage" (perhaps tons of CC enabling damage) or primarily healing.  ADC's snowball the hardest, and winning this lane is the most important in general.  Keep their ADC from snowballing obviously, and keep that support hero set back to hell.  Cripple their team's map control and utility.  Plus, the fate of 4 champions instead of 2 is decided here.  You do the math.  I play aggressive as hell while supporting, so I run magic pen reds here.  Supports can do some nice damage early on in the lane, and contrary to popular believe...getting some kills on them isn't bad for the team.  Flat armor reds will also do you quite well, though.  Especially since Janna and Raka can't bully that much with mpen.   Alright, blues, and I wish did this in reverse order (
1	I've got to say, I don't really remember anyone playing Shaco in a tournament. That's not to say they haven't, but I watch a lot of tournaments and can't really remember it.   The issue there is, I think, that none of the top tier junglers have ever put the time into being a truly exceptional Shaco.   Shaco takes dedication other champions don't and while they all say they want to play Shaco in tournaments and think he has potential, the kind of time commitment Shaco takes is difficult to give when you are playing at a professional level.   If someone like Diamdprox put 700 games into Shaco I reckon we'd see him do terrible, terrible things to people.   But then he's put 700 games into one champion and after the first game people will just ban it. Then his other champions probably aren't up to the same level because him and his team will have had to put so much in in order to be able to run Shaco effectively.
0	That might be my favorite
1	I'm not a huge LoL lore buff (it's a MOBA after all, the lore is not my main interest in the game, there are other games that make a much better job of that) but I still found it a nice addition and appreciated the few and small things that came from the lore department. I was especially fond of the idea of the League of Legends, because even though it might seem silly, having the Institute of War and summoners at least gave an explanation for why the game worked like it worked. That put it apart from other, similar games in that regard, which for me was a good thing.   Sure, I can see that the restrictions it imposed on the lore department could be seen as difficult to work around and crippling. But those problems, to me, mostly stemmed from a few things, mainly that the Institute of War and summoners being too powerful, so that all parties seemingly almost always respected its decision. It's like the UN if the UN actually worked. This could easily been either changed story-wise (an attack from the void destroying the source of power and weakening them in the following war for example) or by simply retconning it and playing it down. I think few people would complain about such a minor change, and in this way, it would work more like the UN does for real, and allow stories where the different factions are breaking the rules, waging proxy war, having champions doing wet ops etc.   Even if they wanted to destroy the league entirely, they could still have done an event out of  that , but now they're not even going down the "it was all a dream"-route (thank God!) but just saying that whatever happened before never happened, never existed while also removing the central theme of the game, the League itself. It's a bit akin to doing a reboot of The Lord of Rings but removing the Rings because they find the concept of a "all-powerful object that is the focus of the conflict" is crippling them from writing stories about anything else.   I maybe could have accepted this if the lore department had a good track record of, well,  anything . But to the majority of players who are interested in the lore (that is, the part of the player base that would care about the new lore as well, because face it, the new short lore burbs will not entice  anyone  who previously didn't care to start to care now) are not very pleased with the lore department. They botched the Freljord event, tried to placate angry fans with "it will help us write better stories" and then didn't write stories. They stopped with the Journal of Justice and more or less any kind of lore outside of the pure champion lore. I was actually convinced they didn't have a lore department anymore, just other design people working part-time at it, because the work they were putting out were almost non-existent.   So I can't trust the lore department on this. They have a bad track record, they honestly seem to be about as productive as Soviet bureaucrats and they have been really bad in handling previous fan protests. And now, suddenly, they have this  huge  reboot going on which they have not in any way, tried to anchor or discuss with the lore fans beforehand. To me, it signals arrogance and, more worryingly, groupthink. They seem to have convinced each other that there is no way out of the current lore that is in any way exciting to them, and now the rest of us are supposed to eat that up. And they are doing a terrible job of making us hungry.   Let's look at Amumu's new "lore":   "Amumu is a diminutive, animated cadaver who wanders the world, trying to discover his true identity. He rose from an ancient Shuriman tomb bound in corpse wrappings with no knowledge of his past, consumed with an uncontrollable sadness."   It's not very good. It tries to build mystery, but it fails. It reminds me of how I wrote RPG NPC:s when I was 14, and that's not a good thing. Sure, they can say that it's "just for the client, there will be longer lores on the homepage", but if they know that it's bad, why release it at all? It's just adding fire to the flames, and did they really need to put it on the PBE to see if it was bugged in any way when it was in the state it was? No. It worries me that this is apparently the best they could do. It worries me that people who have produced so little content for such a long time, botched quite a few of those things and failed to meet promises about new content are now scrapping the entire lore to start anew. I honestly don't think they will do a good job. I worry it will be too little, too late and too lacking. I worry that all the champions that have to have their lore changed will get either the small blurbs like those they have on the PBE now or that some champions will have old lore while others will have the new one, making it look extremely sloppy (and confusing for a new player). I worry that out of all these promises for more and better lore and tie-in story driven products, we will get exactly what we got out of the Freljord event: nothing.
0	I have a story that is surprisingly relevant to this. Some of my friends and I decided to go to my roommate's lake house for the weekend and have a nice, isolated party. His place wasn't too far outside of town, so it seemed like the ideal way to relax. My roommate offered to drive, so we all piled into his car, which had one of those push-to-start ignitions. We started driving and almost got there, maybe 3 miles away, when we stopped for gas. After the tank is full, he tries to turn the car on, but it won't start. It turns out he had dropped his keys in the parking lot right before we left and that the keys were close enough to be in range of the push-to-start sensor. Fortunately, someone else was coming late and hadn't left yet, so we called him and he found the keys on the floor of the parking spot. We had to push the car away from the filling station into a nearby parking spot and wait the 2-3 hours it would take for the keys to show up. The only things we had for fun in the car was a cooler full of beer, a chess board, and a few copies of Scientific American. We started playing music and drinking, but were promptly told by the owner that we can't drink in public, so we wound up playing chess, reading magazines, and having furious discussions about studies of interest while eating bag after bag of flaming hot cheetos. A few other people joined in, and we wound up starting a quasi-intellectual social event out of the trunk of our car at a sketchy gas station. To this day, I'm not sure whether to be proud or ashamed.
1	The hub bub about Diana is because of her tankiness. Its not her damage, its the fact that she has higher base hp, hp/lvl, hp5, AND hp/5 per lvl, as well as a double shield. Her health scaling is better than every single bruiser but Irelia.   She has ALL the survivability of a bruiser AND THEN SOME, and equally strong burst as any assassin, with significantly stronger burst if she double ults or uses her passive.   And don't give me any shit about her being high risk, or having no escapes. Every Diana will always take flash, and your slow and shield will get you out of almost anything. Also, no champion should be able to land a skillshot that goes thru creeps and be guaranteed a kill.
1	As a new player, I am trusting yall that the smurfing stops (or at least get managable after lvl 10). I personaly know of two users who have started and quit due to smurfing.   The big problem is it is rewarded*. Lets say your main account gets leaver buster blocked. You create an alt with the refer a friend. Play alt to level 5. get bonus IP/XP boosts for your main. I shall call this the smurfing bonus.   Then you have people like me, Newbs who want to learn. Only chance I get to be around other new players is in private games with freinds (most of who quit due to smurfing....) There is no learning curve just a cliff.   I know it gets better after 10, but from here it can't be seen. Thanks for reading this wall of text.
1	Wukong can become really tanky without the need of stacking armor and magic resistance. With his passive and masteries alone you can get around 140 armor and 110 mr by the passive and masteries alone. So what you want to focus on is building things that gives armor penetration like black cleaver and last whisperer, but a tank item that is very useful is is randuins.  With randuins activated you will slow enemies inside your ultimate so you can succesfully hit with your ultimate 100% on the priority target.  If you need magic resistance then Banshee's veil would be good, it helps you get into a fight without getting knocked away, slowed or being stunned.
0	I'm pretty sure my uncle has aspergers.  He's 58 and hasn't been diagnosed this is.because my family chalks it up to him being him and just a jerk.  Hes never seen a doctor about it .  He's smart went to good schools but I can't ever remember him having a job except pyramid like scheme product sales that never seem to get off the ground.  He has no romantic life beyond random creepy instant messeging  he inherited a good some of money when he was young and blew it on mail order brides that didn't show... In my 26 years he's lived with my other uncle his youngest brother they bought a house together..  until his little brother kicked him out with out buying his share so now he lives at grammas.  He helps around the house with driving her places and other chores but no one treats him right and he gets loud and agressive not violent but rather annoying. But everyone sais it's just him. Being him and they are the kind of people like oh no one In my family could be crazy and this is why it hasn't been diagnosed.   But I dont have a problem with him because when I talk to him I remain calm if he ticks me off a little and because I give him the patients that no one else does he doesn't lash out at me or fight with me.  Ive stood up for him because he is treated like an inferior and like he does it on purpose  But I also understand how hard It would be for him to hold a job.  You can be as bright as the stars but if u can't talk to people if u don't know how to relate it's hard to pass an interview process or keep a job if ur annoying other employees.   Thank you I really needed to get that off my chest .
1	I too come from sc2 master player background. Also i am new to lol (just hit 30 started playing ranked at the start of season 3). You only get good with champs if you play them over and over.  Comparing playing different champions in LoL to all ing in Sc2 is dumb. All ing take less skill to pull off than macro play in sc2 while in LoL if all you do is play one role and one champion you become an expert in that champ. That makes you good. You being able to play every position equally good doesn't make you better than the person who plays one role extremely well. It just makes you more flexible and a team player in champ select.   Look at Destiny he was stuck around 1500 elo for the longest time when he started playing Draven. Now he is like 1800 elo now. He plays Draven adc 95% of games. He mastered Draven and because of that he rose in elo. because playing one champ does increase your skill in LoL. Every game you play you mistakes no matter how good you are with a champ. If you learn from these mistakes you will also be increasing your skill level in LoL.
1	The problem is that the enemy carries have to be really stupid to be in isolation range now. By removing his durability from his ult, they made him into an unviable bruiser. By increasing isolation range and making his damage extremely dependant on isolation, they made his assassination potential reaaaally iffy. I agree that Kha'Zix is wayyy tp versatile for the meta right now, but nerfing both sides of his versatility is not the solution.
1	You'd rather believe the rumors than what wings says? I find it hard to believe that redditors are that slow. If wings said that Salce put in as much effort as any one else, and that other people were slacking off before Aphro left, how is Salce the 'toxic element' here?   And besides, if you're referring to the interviews after the regionals, I must admit I felt he might have been in his right to say that his team didn't do that well. Only person besides Salce to do any good was Wings, I felt that their botlane was lacking, which is forgivable seeing as Mashme was new. Unstoppable has never impressed me that much.
1	I didn't say it's broken.  My point is ELO rating is to show personal skill correct?  This works excellent in a game like chess where the only thing a person can rely on is the information on the board and their personal knowledge of strategy.  There are NO external factors when winning or losing.   In a 5v5 game you are relying on 4 other random people to assist you in acquiring your rating.  At lower/middle ELO ratings it's going to be a crapshoot on who you are paired up with.  This is why ELO hell exists.   A person playing chess who is extremely skilled starting with a beginners ELO is going absolutely skyrocket and obliterate his competition because he will not face any sort of variance with luck.  He is just simply better than his opponent and will acquire rating quickly.  In LoL the better players will go up over time but they will most likely face some excruciatingly painful losses that they could not control because you are semi-reliant on teammates.  This is why ELO is not a particularly efficient measure of individual skill team games.   It becomes even more dicey when playing with arranged teams with varying players because people can choose to play with players who are slightly more skilled than them or less skilled and this can cause them to have an ELO rating which is slightly inflated or deflated because in a team sport the people who surround you affect your performance when you interact with them against your 5 opponents.   You can be the best individual player in a match and still lose rating.  This is the exact opposite effect ELO is supposed to have.  This is an inefficiency.
0	Yeah, but then you have to figure out what to do with the tube sock. Plus I'd have to buy the tube sock in the first place. I wear black socks. This wouldn't work very well for me.
0	Pretty much the whole old testament goes on about the ages of the Patriachs, Genesis 5.31-6.3   > ^30 And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters: ^31 And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died. ^32 And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth.  ^1 And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born to them, ^2 That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of which they chose. ^3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.
1	like it matters,   still oneshots every adc in my book and i feel like his ult is even more rerarded, if they make it like akali R i would be alot more balanced. other options are to give him a passive no clip ms R instead of a usable R or to just give R a real cooldown and it creates a buff wich last for X time in wich he can cast as many ults as he wants/can but if X time is over dashing is over to.   u wont ever get away from him on alot of champs, hugging walls is suicide and it doesnt realy matter if stand 'safe'. kass SS is like a luftalarm telling me to leave town or be part of the rubble.   removing his silence is good and rather lame at the same time from both perspectives, so u can stop fiddle like quinn can but why does it even do that still, its either silence to stop them from casting w an average to high cd or its a shield.   if u want him to cruise like a tazmanian devil then dont let him oneshot,   if u want him to oneshot dont let him be a tazmanian devil.   if u want him to silence then do so, but dont give that lil extra just to have ONE MORE extra option to stop the few fragile channels.   problem lies with how direct his damage output is imo. he is a mix of akali udyr victor.   akali has to Q and proc it to do real damage, same for lb but thats a diffrent story..   if akali Q on u, u know u are in trouble if u dont play care but akali has  to time and manage stacks and procs to be realy effective altho less experienced akalis can still do the basics its about starting the chain.   nobody runs from marathon udyr on his own but he is kiteable.   victor trades by Q nuke and should come out on top based on the shield. and his real tricks are still skillshot based 'kinda'   w kassa its just locate target jump faceroll jump/flash to safety, repeat until win.   his early laning isnt as bad as people realy prenteded it to be.. and he is to hard to punish after 6, i have a 10/10 winrate in ranked with the void the 10 games gathered only by being first pick and him not being banned by redside last season.   back in those days the zeds were still real and the kha was not only scary by his Q, whiped every single one of them home w defense masteries and maxing W bitchslapping, chasing and destroying them to the nexus and back if i wanted to.   kassa is a design flaw and if its all clicky or triangle based, then scalings are a terror, i laughed my ass of when i read hes mana based now... i mean like comon?   pick a game design and stick to it, ryze would like old banshees back and the line in patchnotes after his back to back nerfnotes are still haunting me..   we nurfed the range of all spells on ryze cus he was to big of a problem for the backline...   HAVE U SEEN HOW MANY TIMES I PRESSED Q RITO HIS HANDS MOVE BUT HIS BALLS DONT FLY!!! ROGUE OR ROUGEMAGE??   they were right in some way every other midlaner makes sure the enemy doesnt have a backline to start with... btw who or what is in this back line anyway? adc? the range of pritty much any spell is double of most of adcs basic attackrange the BASIC movespeed of every champ is higher then any adc (unless ults or passives)   adcs have no cc or time to react to monstrosities like kassadin imo.   if im the queen of slows and im kiting why are the enemies still running laps around me?..   2weeks ago i walked past cait to ult her to my tower as janna, i didnt slow her and she wasnt standing still. she had T2 boots i had my passives.   if im ashe and slow kassa its just a minor inconvenience as his cooldowns will be up again before i launched my 3th shot, assuming if i had barrier and flash to start with   ap burst in general should go down w exceptions to some like nidspear which should stay the same. i do want midlaners to be valid, just give them less manacost or regen early so they can still harras. but if u lost one trade its just counting down until vi comes along and towers are gone.   same points count for the AD assasins tbh. for example zeds damage is fine but playing him means u have a korean passport pre 6. u get bullied hard in lane. but if he gets his precious arpen then he can oneshot any adc w half a rotation..   same for riven, wich is a rather dificult case imo. the damage is real but unless your boxbox and know every inch of rivens animations and perform the smoothest animationcancels ever.. u just gona have a bad time.. the reason i brought this up is cus riven wasnt a problem for a very long time. she kinda was but nobody realy played her except a chosen few. on release she had like tripple the health regen BASE compared to any champ now she has 1/3th of the second champ on the bottom of the regen list. this means that rito wants her to be the 'i do it all perfect' oneshot, but doesnt like regen in general wich is kinda odd as laning does feel rather boring atm is it not?   ofc u make all the plays u want but deep inside u know that one mistake or 50health  short will end up costing u the whole laningphase these days..   best way to make alot of anomalies balanced is to relook at almost every champs base stats and figure what u want them to be.   if u want a champ to be the best poker ingame then dont let him run oom after 2 spells.   if u want a champ to be a melee squishy let him have regen   if u want a champ to become tanky then make him tanky w lesser basedamage   if u want adcs to be weaker early then fix it in per lvl stats   if u want assasins to stop adcs then do it but leave a window open for retaliation if he makes a mistake   if u want weird supports or killanes bot then allow it but dont let it be annie vs 2 and a quick Q from cait for easy double and a GG best cait world. still no ad support items   if u want nukes then buy em but do realise that nukes have a cd and diplomatic problems after use, any adc escape is double and in some case tripple the average dashtime. any spell they use consumes 30% mana while others with no recources attacked have no problems and such low cooldowns that even AA in between walking is becomming so dangerous and almost irrelivant. the so called backline is always in range of everything and if engaged no summonerspell in the world will save u.   so
1	His logic IS flawed, because League of Legends isn't a boolean game. It's not a matter of "This beats that, that beats him, he beats her, she beats this." This means you will never be able to perfectly balance all the different play styles. This leads to the fact that one lane setup will ALWAYS be superior. It will provide the most pressure at the least cost to your team. Compare duo targons top to having a jungler. Some people say that the jungler provides enough pressure to counteract the extra gold you get from targons. Some people say the extra gold allows you to pull ahead early which negates the jungler pressure entirely, and then pull ahead of a jungler later on. We don't know which is strongest because the duo top targons strategy is too new. If we were able to play it as it is for the next 3 months, you would find that people would discover which strategy is the stronger one, and everyone would play that.   It doesn't matter how small an advantage any strategy gives. If it gives you even the smallest possible advantage over other strategies, it's the stronger setup, and as such everyone will play it.
1	Why isn't there a vote kick/remake option in the lobby?   Riot does not want to alienate toxic players, they also pay for the game. Hence the multitude of report options that do nothing, the disabling of the tribunal so only Riot has a say in which players gets banned from the game and the mute punishments instead of bans, they want the rager to keep playing.     Why isn't there any transparency on what can, could, or is being done about this?   Riot claims to be the most player focused company in the world, yet they don't want to admit the only changes they implement are the ones that keep players locked into their game   Think about it, I have been playing since 2012, I have seen:     Tribunal get shut down, players have no way to know how effective or ineffective justice systems are now, and have even less of a say than they had before.     A  community , one man, far superiot client get shut down whereas Riot kept repeating improving the old one was plain impossible.     The only changes outside of the game (SR and ARAM) follow this pattern. You don't like the new ELO system? Too bad, it feels less punishing therefore less likely to make people quit. No MMR based pick order now, we can't make players feel they are worse than their teammates. They even introduced "Champion mastery" now which in the essence of it, is just another grind just to keep you playing and striving to achieve that new "Goal" of yours (Same reason they revamped the ELO system, remember?)       Riot will not do anything that results in more players leaving LoL (even if its for the short term) than the ones entering, the only reason they auto-mute ragers is because otherwise other players quit, or don't try the game to start with, all the rest being secondary. They saw that a shitty client and no replays didn't really translate into lower profits and less players, so guess what? We still have a shitty client and no replays. Of course Riot provides us with very vague promises that it will get better but for an indefinite amount of time we have to deal with it. No present results, no concrete future results, no future timeline, all backed up constantly by corporate doublespeak masking excuses.  It's always either Riot does not have the resources to implement this "monstruous" task, (which they do with, what, 1.5B revenue from only digital sales during a year) or they have trouble converting those resources into results, in which case we should ask ourselves whether such a company deserves our cash.   Me personally? I'm not buying any Rp until at least 2 out of 3 are implemented: Replays, a functional player-focused tribunal and a new client.
1	Hello! Yea I've seen 'The Internship'. I am sorry but I cannot really answer this due to my low amount of vision I had into the offices, I only saw some glas doors that led it to the office area. But the lobby itself was out of everyones League. (tihi)   The two monitors that was on one of these pictures had one with only a portrait of Mordekaiser and the other had flashing texts with like 'Bjergsen scored a pentakill', 'ZionSpartan is now legendary', 'Doublelift is now on a killing spree', etc etc. On that same screen it also shows the amount of games that is played to that day. It was very impressing.   So overall, yes I have to say that the lobby had a standard as good, if not better then Google. Atleast from what I can tell from 'The Internship'. I was abit dissapointed about the signs of the receptionists because that was only a printed piece of paper with their summoner name. I actually emailed them about this and also thanking them personally, I got an answer back and said they would make them abit cooler. So yeaah!
0	Providing incentive for people is really easy. All you have to do is tie money into something quantifiable.   My uncle owned (he's retired) an electrical contracting business. His site managers were given this incentive: If the site manager could come in under the quoted hourly labor to get the job done, and there were no injuries during the project, he'd get the difference put into his bank account. That money for labor was already accounted for, so why would the company  not  give the site contractors the difference if he saves them $80k in labor cost? If they were selfish, they'd keep it.   This was a very large electrical contracting company, so more often than not coming in 10% lower in hourly labor than what the company accounted for in the bid meant a high 5 figure, sometimes 6 figure bonus (which would ultimately get split up between more than a few site managers on large projects...but still). On top of having incredibly efficient job sites, they also had the incentive to be extremely safe.   I own a business. I grew up in the industry that I currently am now an owner in, so I've worked every job position for many years. More often than not, managers with no experience and no business being in their positions are the ones that are shit bags. Now, as an owner, realizing that the management team that i have in place is largely responsible for carrying out my business plan, I give away 20% of my end of year profits to them. It's a substantial bonus for the managers.   I pay everyone that works for me an honest wage for the work they are doing, treat others like I want to be treated, always promote from within my existing force, and reward people who go above and beyond. I also put in more hours working with and next to all my employees than anyone who works for me. I have a very loyal staff that I'm close to. I share profits with the guys who spend 55 hrs a week here busting ass and being "on call" most of the time.   It's a business owner's responsibility to make sure the people working for them can afford at least a decent life style. That concept has been lost on corporate America, as owners and board members of large companies are making millions while their employees are making pennies. If more people took the philosophy of Costco, or my uncle, then people would be making an honest living, working hard, seeing the opportunity for advancement, and i truly believe our country would be peachy.   However, I don't have a lax personality. If someone is slacking ass, they're done, and while i'm not mean about it, it isn't a nice happy conversation - they're taking money from me to do a job and they aren't doing it. Reddit seems to be split 50/50 on the stance that you have the right to work for me - which you don't.
0	I felt the same way recently   This past Friday I went to a party and met this girl who was kinda quiet but when she spoke, she seemed like a huge bitch. I didn't pay attention to her that much. Later in the night after a few drinks though, I approached and just started some casual small talk. Nothing spectacular and she walked off. Well, I decided to smoke and drink (never a good idea in my life) and play some bp. She came over to me while I was waiting for the bp table to open and put her arm around me saying, "I got some good feelings I wanna share with you."   As stupid as I was, I responded in my twisted state, "oh...well, I feel like you're sharing your good feelings more than enough."   Wow, did I cockblock myself there or what?!   Then played bp with my partner, she came to play too and eventually left cause we were winning so much.   Drift ahead 2 hours later, I find her with one of my previous roommates and he took her by the hand into his room. And, I shit you not, she went into that room a few times during that night and within 5 minutes of her going in, her "best friend" would knock on the door, open it, and drag her out. I overheard them talk before they left about their "code." So I feel like I didn't miss out on much, since she seemed like a little runaround but I figured it wasn't my night cause I would have been cockblocked by one thing or another.
1	AD bursters have  always  been stronger in middle, but this was negated by the fact that they could get harrased heavily by a ranged counterpart. The AD can't go in if he's at 50% hp and you're at 100%hp, and it's harder to cs when you're getting harrased heavily. For the casters that was never a problem, as a ranged caster you're usually okay. But now that AD bursters can sustain themselves, get equal cs, they're just better in a lane by far. Their burst is stronger, their sustain is so strong harass is basically useless, and the new items make them much more viable later in the game.
0	In America as you approach a red light in the right most lane, the bike lane on the right hand side of the road turns into a right hand turn lane.  So if the person going straight in the right most lane at the red light  leaves enough room by staying to left side of the right most lane, they will leave enough room for other cars to go by them and allow them to turn right. Unfortunately most people going straight are terrible drivers and end up blocking the bike lane/right hand turn lane and force people to wait for the light to change so the car blocking them can go straight and they can turn right.   This turned out to be hard to explain.
1	Snake is as good as King and have much more potential in long term, considering they are very young (fan2fan and Flandre, adc and top, are 15 y.o). Not to mention that PDD is part-time coaching Snake, dude might be somewhat lazy for a pro player, but hes very smart and experienced.   Snake right now is as good as King, if not better, im not sure since ivent seen them lately, but their top laner was MVP of last LSPL split, a monster in top lane, 600LP in KR challenger, totally carry-type which you can ban out all his champions (fizz-yasuo-riven-jax-lissandra and the patch champions). SNake in long term will have more impact than King IMO.   EP is a team that was just a step behind King-Snake in the past months, but they were very good aswel, showed that deserve to be in LPL, mostly their jungler, who is the most skilled mechanically leesin ive ever seen and is somewhat experienced, played lpl with YG in s3. The thing is, They acquired STYZ after he was banned in LGD, and STYZ was banned for 6 months, which means that in december his ban will be lift already and a top5 adc in China will be back to competitive scene. Which is great, because EP's adc was the worst member in the team. EP also has a hell lot of potential in long term, Mid-Top showed to be good enough for lpl, Jungler-styz showed to be top5 in their position and they have good environment, including a great sister team to practice. Their sister team will try to qualify for LPL in a qualifer tournaments after worlds, they might do it or not, they are ok overall but have a absolute monster top laner, probably top5 in China like Snake's Flandre.   Considering current level these teams are obviously lpl and snake-king could any day be top4 taking games out of edg-shrc. COnsidering long-term potential, these 3 have potential to become a top3 teams in the scene.   After EP in lspl, the best team is WOA which has 3 good players but the team isnt actually big deal, they will probably get regalated if qualify for lpl. After WOA, no team is actually top8 teams in the scene, BUT the thing is that many players are lpl level. Many players could be stars in the scene even if their team are not that great. Weiless-Cola-Diangun showed it, they werent even top2 in their position when they played lspl (earlier s4) and still did amazingly in LPL, i can only imagine what Cherish-300-eimi-V and these top lspl players in that time would be in LPL if they qualified, they would be carrying their teams to worlds right now. In these lspl split that just ended is no different, there are many players from mid-table teams that would be great in LPL.   After EP-King-Snake, the best non-lpl teams are 2 amateur teams, that arent even in LSPL, they just play online tournaments and will try to qualify for LSPL for season 5.  They are EDG.f (edg secondary team, formed 2-3 months ago) and Team MD.   EDG.f not just has the same environment from EDG, inlcuding coaches, pc, practice partners (including korean teams) but also are a young team with 2 korean sololaners. Baeme (famous kr challenger, one of faker's rival' and brother of daydream) and the toplaner which is known as 'ray', who IMO is the best player in the team. EDG.f  showed to be insane in their first tournament with 2-3 months of practice, mostly Their toplaner and their jungler. They took games off King, 2-0ed YG easily and showed amazing mechanics. This team hard to imagine that wont be in LPL until late s5, they still have to qualify to LSPL, play LSPL and then qualify for LPL, even tho they look like a bottom lpl team already even being so new, at least better than yg-we-we.a.   MD is a bizarre team (better than edg.f) that was made by only-challenger players and in the past 3-4 months took games and won full bo3-5 series against SEVERAL lpl teams. I really mean SEVERAL, probably ALL them, took games from edg, omg, shrc, 2-0ed we.a and yg in xcs and many more impressive results. Their midlaner is the #1 in chinese challenger (Angelbeats) and  is probably better than any midlaner in this lspl that just ended. MD would probably be as good or better than EP in lspl and certainly are a lpl level team. The thing is, like EDG.f they will only be able to play in LPL in late s5 considering they arent even in lspl. UNLESS they buy a spot.   Besides MD-EDG.f-King-SNake-EP, there are also good-promissing teams like Ray Union (who 2-0ed SHRC and 2-0ed lgd twice, had many other impressive results aswel), WOA (as i said above), Gamtee (i never like them that much, not really an entertaining team to watch, but they get good results, including taking games from omg-edg), QQvip  (AKA Hangongclub, biggest Crossfire team in the world, they failed to qualify for LSPL even tho they were as good as snake in the qualifiers), vgs (were formed to be the challenger allstar team, with 4 lpl level players, but Tabe is a terrible coach and swapped 1 player that fucked the team).   All these other promissing teams (ray-woa-gamtee-qqvip-vgs) probably will never be top table lpl teams or anything like that, but they are an improvement compared to YG (not compared to we.a, we.a is playing much better lately than yg or we main team). Even if they dont reach LPL as a team, they have 2-4 players in their roster than are lpl level players, i know them very well.     I might be proved wrong someday, but my theory is that challenger-amateur teams in China are as good if not better than challenger-amateur teams in Korea, considering the size of playerbase and the terrible influx talent happening in China, stacking talent in the lower leagues instead of pushing them into top competition. At the moment, i like to follow them more than LPL, is more entertaining to watch teams rising and surprising likes of EDG-SHRC than anything else.
1	Reposted from a topic on Pantheon, but still relevant...   You can't build a balanced game on poorly designed foundations. Riot has a somewhat problematic record of nerfing champions first and items or masteries later, leaving champions whose entire strength depended on abusing a particular game design flaw in a nearly unplayable state. Fortunately, it is not always the case, and Riot handled the early AD mid craze in Season 3 the right way by nerfing the Black Cleaver and filling a gap in AP early armour itemization instead of blanket nerfs to every AD mid laner. Itemization (including runes and masteries) is a huge balance issue that shouldn't be ignored, but on the contrary prioritized over champion balance.   As far as the jungle is concerned, Ancient Golem being utter trash matters more than most players think. As strong as the early S4 junglers may be, the S3 metagame favoured the early game even more, and yet tanks had the upper hand due to the sheer power of tank items. There's a reason five out of the six strongest junglers right now favour SotEL over SotAG despite being able to build either of them. Hell, the only reason Elise even builds SotAG is that she can't really use anything else.
1	Inb4 my house will be raided by a CIA-Taskforce but building a shroomfortress (or shroomapalooza) as AP-Teemo around Baron is just pure joy for me.
0	Yes the Japanese are in the building a lot of hours but much of it isn't spent working.  There are probably 2-3 meetings a day where all that is required of them is to be a warm body in a seat.  Also, when the boss cuts out, most to all work stops because there is no authority figure they need to look busy for.  Yes there are some Japanese people who do work their tails off but no more than anywhere else.  They are at their job late because they tend to solely identify themselves with their job and, as such, so much of their socializing is either done at work or at  enkai  (work parties).  Also leaving "early" without a good excuse is looked down on because it can come across as not wanting to be a part of the team.  You don't necessarily have to be working your ass off when you are there.  You just have to be present.
1	I think that this is the biggest reason some of my friends dont want to start playing lol. From a non-summoner perspective it seems like a boring game with only 5 small maps from which only 1-2 is worth playing and shitty cartoon graphics. However, for me and many millions of other players its more than that. Here are my reasons why I played the game for such a long time with a lot of passion:     The community. Yes, especially the reddit community in this game is awesome. Especially when you get better and climb the rankings, most people are really nice to talk to. This is the reason I like WoW too. This is what makes it a better game than any egoshooter for me.       I can play it with my friends. And I can compete with them through custom games. I can have good times and bad times with them, I can talk with them about the strategy, about fails and plays like I could with no other game. With other games, I feel like there is less to talk about.       E-sports. And here, I prefer it to any other game. Its a teamgame and here, it is amazing to watch the communication between team members and how perfectly new and interesting strategies work out. Its not only about individual skill like in cs. The strategy is the most interesting part. Its like football(soccer). The biggest reason people play football is because they love theor footballteam in competetive play. There they can try to copy what their favourite players do.       The game mechanics itself. Its a game that builds up from the beginning and everything you do will affect the game later on. Later then, there come new opportunites that open up to take your team to victory. This enables a whole new game every time you start one and also enables new tactics evolving in the player base.        and last. The player support, the people from riot and contact to them through reddit and forums. These guys are awesome! Their connection to their fans is amazing, they come up with funny and exciting things all the time!!
0	When I was a teen working at McD's, we had an angry man order a bunch of (like 10) Bigg n' Tasties. He ended up getting them with cheese, which made him quite, quite irate.   I happened to have just left for lunch and was standing in the lobby (we had to let everyone else bitch/order/throw shit first before we could order), as this man FLIPPED at the manager who was covering my till for the break. All day the back kitchen had been fucking everything up - this shit's in a box, I wouldn't have known whether it had cheese or not before bagging it up.   The manager and I both looked at eachother, and each of us let out a sarcastic chuckle, this being about the fifth time this happened in the morning. He IMMEDIATELY threw the bags of burgers in my manager's face, screamed at the both of us, and stormed out the store like a toddler.   My manager had to write a letter apologizing to this man for both of our behavior, he got his order refunded, and $500 in gift certificates.
0	There's a difference between reposting something from years or even months ago and reposting something that was posted the previous day or something that is still on the front page....   The problem would be solved if more people would post OC in relevant subreddits instead of posting something they found on pinterest or facebook or whatever.  Because those posts on pinterest and facebook CAME FROM REDDIT.
1	The reasoning behind using only one champion is that with 200+ games with him/her you will know that champion well enough to focus on other aspects of the game, such as last hitting, lane control, map awareness, etc. Once you learn these mechanics you can transfer these skills to virtually any other champion.
0	Story time.   About two years ago I got a booty call at 10p. This was before we were FWBs and it was the first time she'd given me a booty call, so I was pretty anxious. Plus, on the 1-10 she was a solid 9, 9.5, red hair, natural C's, and lips that...You get the picture. So I'm at a bar with some friends 45 minutes away planning on making it an all-nighter. At any rate, I get an SMS from her during dinner and some minor flirting and I made a comment about crashing at my friend's house that night and having to sleep on a couch alone. She says "Ha! Don't you live above a bar? If you could get here by midnight we could drink, go back to your place, shoot tequila and then neither of us would have to sleep on the couch alone." So me, being dense, dance around it for a bit thinking she's being a tease. Around 11 she sms's something alone the lines of "I'll spell it out. I want to fuck you tonight. Let's get drunk and fuck." So I'm in the car 5 minutes later.   Driving back to Seattle I'm pushing 100, 110 and I still have to go through the city. Without fail my radar detector christmas trees, I hit the brakes and see lights. Wound up getting dinged at...I think it was 86. I'm like "fucking shit." and pull over, hide the radar detector, and sms her back that I got pulled over while waiting on the cop. So the cop walks up to my car and says "Son, where's the fire?" or something like that and we do the dance of me handing him my license and then I have to get out of the car for a roadside sobriety test. So while I'm leaning on the car talking to the cop she MMS's me back a pic of her legs spread open and a bottle  hiding my favorite bits. He sees my expression and somehow manages a glance at what's on my screen and goes "Oh, is that why you're speeding?" and I say "Uh..yes sir." He goes "Shit, son, why didn't you say so. I'll let you go this time, but keep the speed reasonable and make sure she treats you right for getting there in a hurry." I kept it below 90 until I had to exit.
0	It's the latter; truly original OC has about 5% chance of being liked, while a slight twist on another redditor's post which was a slight twist on another post which has been handed down through reddit generations will jump immediately to the front page.
0	The dynamics of urban life have quite complicated the situation indeed sir! Also, put enough money into the formula on either side and you may see a very slippery slope indeed! I personally am an uneducated 30ish semi-professional with 8 years in a state job. I'm constantly broke and own very few valuable things. I somehow landed a beautiful alpha female that's early 20ish with a degree, favorable job and happens to be independently wealthy through inheritance. Hell, I don't know how this happened! I however feel a good deal more valuable then I was at 20. Sorry so long.
0	This is so true.  I use it quite often. Story: I was at the grocery store and cut in front of these slow people.  Clearly, this pissed the guy off and he screamed "Hey Asshole."  I knew he was talking to me but I ignored him and kept shopping.  He followed me through the store with his SO and screaming, "Hey Mother Fucker!"  and "Hey asshole!" and I kept ignoring him. Eventually he headed me off and just started screaming that he wanted an apology for cutting around him.  I stared at him blankly and in my best deaf voice said, "I'm sorry, I'm deaf and have no clue what you are saying." His SO instantly started apologizing to me and walked off victoriously.
1	If you look at the authors of the top rated mobafire guides, these players are usually 1200-1700. Not saying that these people are less smart  than the pros, I'm sure they are really intelligent. However, since there is no "correct" build for any champion (pretty much all guides base their item choices off of sheer opinion rather than math), I prefer listening to the pros.   Anyways, I stopped reading guides a while back, since if you don't try out stuff yourself with an objective POV, you'll never learn how to buy items properly and how to adapt to different situations. Guides can be good in the beginning to teach you some basics, but sooner or later you have to learn how to do it yourself.
0	Since small, i have enjoyed being in the dark. It gives me a sense of security to be enveloped by it.   What i don't like are encounters in the dark.  Ghosts especially (mind-made or real, not sure), are quite annoying: having a nightmare then suddenly waking up to floating things creeping around the room, ignoring you at first, then staring you down as they disappear;  creaking sounds from places that shouldn't creak;  breaths of cold air moving across your face as you lay in your bed in a warmed room; the occasional black shadow holding you down as you wake up and try to break free...   But more recently, my concerns turned to the local realm and more specifically, burglars, murderers and creepy crawlers. Just a while back there was an escapee on the loose in the city, even further back there was a burglary in the neighborhood and more recently, i woke up to a long-legged spider making its way down the wall towards me or my face.   There's also that crazy cat clawing my window from time to time, and gets into fights with other crazy cats, at my window, meowing like wailing babies, which sends shivers down my spine...
0	Because you lived already.  You spent the best part of your 20s doing whatever the hell you wanted.  That's how you're supposed to do it!  However, there are an increasing number of kids that are hitting 28 with nothing to show for it.  By that, I mean both material possessions and life experiences.  While you had your fun, they were grinding away in school and/or working their fingers to the bone at shitty, low-paying jobs.  While you were accruing life experiences, others were doing nothing but investing time and effort into their futures.  At 28, you were okay with settling down and sliding into a more comfortable lifestyle.  Meanwhile, the student loan debt-laden guy with a master's degree waiting tables downtown has nothing but disdain for the idea of settling down.   So many people have the child-free mindset because they are basically adult children that feel they haven't yet lived.  Is it greedy?  You could argue that.  I wouldn't dare call somebody greedy because they want to accrue life experiences of their own before bringing others into their life picture.  People want to be child-free because they want to travel, to meet people, to buy nice things, to love, to enjoy all the spoils this world has to offer.   Due to the high-pressure social and economic environment that the world puts on young people today, I personally don't blame them.  There's an entire generation of people yearning for an adventure.  They're yearning for life experiences and yearning to find their own meaning in life.  If they're not ready to settle, so what.
1	I've been Plat 3ish for a couple months (and only won 4/10 promos so I'm in Silver now...), but I had the same experience back when I was in bronze.   Weird enough, when I tanked my normal MMR and played with my bronze friend, everyone was EXTREMELY polite. So polite that I felt horrible if I didn't do well.   I remember one game in particular...   In queue: lots of communication (not like in plat where everyone just locks or calls 1 champ), asks teammates if they can play this or that, offering to fill.   In game: Usually poor performance, but everyone has bad games. Occasionally when I'm playing a new champ I'm not familiar with the damage of, I die. And these guys just go ":P". No "f  u f ing nub im reporting you wtf kid" like in my division. I wondered how long they would be able to keep up the politeness until they jumped over to the dark side. 12 deaths later, still ":P". I felt so incredibly bad that I did my best to help them and win the game together. Quite a few of the queues were similar. They filled me with this sudden desire to be in bronze, but I knew if I dropped to bronze full-time...I'd probably bump into the same people OP described, so I didn't.
0	Your boss is a fucking idiot.   Yes, green can chill you the fuck down. It can also cause massive amounts of paranoia. Speaking as someone who occasionally suffers from panic attacks (To the degree where I cannot leave the house or I shut down in public), throwing green at it, whilst it sounds like a good idea, is a fucking stupid idea. Can you imagine what that paranoia would be like?   So yeah. Good guy boss? Sure. Idiot? Oh by the gods, Yes. Sometimes I fucking hate the smoking community. You were probably calmed down more by the dude sitting with you then the green in the brownie.
1	Well I have a bit of time so I'll explain my reasoning for my above statement's. Characters are balanced a lot better now then say 8 month's ago. What I'm talking about is the "Solo Top, AP Mid, Jungler, AD Carry support bot". Riot has stated though that they will be doing something with top lane and supports so I'm not too worried. I'll try and find the post from Xeph that say's top lane champs were balanced around each other pretty much.
0	Why don't you just say "Hello" to them? Hell a person might be having a shitty day and seeing someone they know could really cheer them up. Saw a buddy that I hadn't seen since last semester walking down the sidewalk. Turned out his dad had passed, girlfriend had broken up with him and turned his "friends" on him, and he had been having a hard time dealing with it, and therefore not out in public much. We talked for a bit and went on our way.   Later on that day, I get a text from him thanking me for stopping to talk because he had thought about ending his life. Told me seeing that he still had true friends in the world helped make him happy. We're hanging out tonight and just relaxing.
1	Dude I was referring to a time when a jungler came and tower dived straight from getting blue buff on blue side and died then blamed me even though I V pinged him after the guy flashed because it was enough but he was too greedy, If you honestly think that was in anyway my bad I have no words for you. Although I know you didn't have this information before so you may have been mislead.
0	The way I see it is "It's not really "necessary"." If you catch my drift.   Yeah, I caught it. If they really want you to have one and they want the control over it, make them provide one.   > Can you expand on that? It seems to me like forcing a child to sign a document to attend a government-funded institution is illegal as hell, regardless of them working with you.   Officially signing the document isn't part of the requirements to attend. That's, more or less, how they get away with it. They won't (because they can't) boot you out of school due to your refusal to sign paperwork.   The public school system is a huge grey area, legally. I was one of the more...openly opinionated members of my school, and I spent plenty of time in meetings with administration (at the school, county, and state level) hashing out differences in policies and procedures. I was lucky enough to have legal counsel on retainer (he pretty much got paid $50 a month to sign threat-of-legal-action and cease-and-desist papers that I drafted up myself).
1	I'll assume that in the aspect of Master Yi, the double-strike can "never crit". Combine that with towers that can "never be crit" it forms a double negative allowing the ability to critically strike. For twitch, I would assume something to the effect of since it changes from a traditional autoattack to an "ability". Tower code doesn't account for spells being able to critically strike, since the only other ability that comes to mind would be rammus' ult. Maybe I'm not explaining this well enough, but this seems like the only possibility.
0	We've been looking into this option, as my husband exercises and eats well, but it's been so difficult because he's over-eaten for so long that he's literally always hungry.   Appetite suppressants really helped for a while, but they cost us $100 a month because they're seen as non-medically necessary. Surgery might be the best option long term, but it too is expensive.   The thing that bothers me is that if you get surgery, people tend to mock you for not being able to "Put the second tub of ice-cream down" as the only reason why you'd get surgery. It's difficult to get over eating disorders of any kind, and we should offer support to people who are trying.   So
0	I once saved one of my straight pals from one of these idiots at a bar. He was being told that he was gay and all, so I decide to come up to them look the stranger in the eyes and say "sure he is gay.', then kiss my friend and continue "he is my boyfriend and he is done talking with you."  It worked and I was thanked, but also told to give a warning next time.
0	Man, fuck outdoor cats.  Neighbor's cats (like 4 of them) use my front flower garden as a litter box, and I can't walk into my house without a nose-full of cat shit.
0	This is gonna blow your mind: some people don't want crotch fruit! "Oh, unconditional luuuuv. It's so great! You wouldn't understand." Fuck off. Love is conditional on the parents not being cunts. You think an abused kid unconditionally loves its parents?!
1	I had something similar happen when I was J4 with a Malphite on my team in Aram. We ulted across each others path at exactly the same time in an "X" shape. Malphite's ult completed, but it just stopped me mid ult, no stone arena...no movement...full cooldown.
1	All of my yes. In fact, I'm leaning towards posting about the botting problem, because it's out of control. "But I never run into bots-" Shut up. Then you must be missing out on arguably the most fun game mode: Dominion. The queue has to be filled with THOUSANDS of these freaking XP bots. They are idiotic, predictable... If they were in the SR queue Riot would be dropping nukes on these botters, but no. Despite multiple posts HERE about it nobody cares about Dominion.
0	For someone who wants to wait till marriage to have sex (or many/most people really), sex is an emotional act.  It's pretty difficult to change emotion with logical arguments.  (and actually trying to make logical appeals just shows you don't really understand where she's coming from and thus further ruin your chances)
0	I'm going to counter this using an immediate family member as an example.   He has had undiagnosed hypothyroidism for many years, probably between 5-7. Before that, he was a star athlete (he could run a sub 5-minute mile by the time he was 13) and an honor roll student, however things started changing at the end of high school/beginning of college. During those years I watched him balloon in weight, have uncontrollable (seriously... uncontrollable) cravings for horrible food, lose his hair, have awful skin rashes, depression, and so little energy that he found it difficult to be awake for more than 12 hours on any given day, let alone work out.  I too blamed his appearance and depression on personal failings that he had the capacity to control.   However, a few months ago he was diagnosed with hypothyroidism. After trying a few medications that had little effect he found a medication that worked for him-- Amour Thyroid. He started taking this ONLY 10 days ago, and he has already lost 7 pounds (after struggling unsuccessfully to lose weight for upwards of 5 years), is waking up at 7am every day to go running, is the most positive he's been in years and (which is most relevant to your topic) has no more cravings for those awful foods that you associate with hopelessness and lack of self respect.
1	Dont blame them, just go 15-0 in lane and outplay the entire enemy team (Im serious) You didnt state your rank, but as a diamond player myself, when I play in bronze-gold even a bit of plat. I can legit go 15-0 in lane. You just have to get a lot better then the people you play with or against if you want to SOLO carry. If you are better than the enemy bot lane you will usually gain elo. If you go 2-0 you will more more games then if you go 0-0 or if you go 0-0 you will win more games then if you go 0-2. Its simple math. Some games you cant win, some you can. Just focus on what YOU could have done better. Because as soon as you think "Damn, my team lost me this game." which they very well might have, but as soon as you think that, thats when you stop looking at your own mistakes. Even if those mistakes wouldnt have changed the outcome of the game, you still have to learn from your mistakes. Thanks why you should play ranked to LEARN rather then win.
0	It's common for North Americans to refer to themselves as Irish, German, Italian, etc. because the majority of us only have roots here going back a couple of generations. Keep in mind that Canada and the USA are still pretty new as countries, relatively speaking.   Furthermore, many of our progenitors arrived here and found themselves confronted with discrimination as a result of where they come from (like my Irish grandparents on my mother's side, and my German father after arriving here shortly post-WW2). As a result they often formed tight-knit communities, and it's no surprise that in the face of racism and hate, they clung to their heritage and traditions for identity.   I'm a proud Canadian, but I'm equally proud of where my family comes from. It's kind of sad to see so many Irish spitting on expats and their children, considering many of them left Ireland against their will. One would think that given Ireland's history, we'd all stick together instead of comparing bloodlines. It's not like until recently everyone else hated the Irish or anything...
1	Shen just got a buff, and i still feel shen is a trash tier champ.   Yes i ate my words when scarra played shen ina pro match, but even as well played and well farmed as he was, shen did not have the damage damage output as another character would have, like whoever he might have played in games 1 and 3.
1	People like you are why competitive game modes are often infuriating. Yes it's a video game. Yes it's supposed to be fun.   But you know what? WINNING is fun. And NOT winning because some jackass is gold and queued with his Bronze 5 jungler little brother who doesn't know what wards are is NOT FUN.
0	Agreed.  My brother is currently serving his 3rd tour in Afghanistan with the Marines, and has seen extensive combat.  Another acquaintance of ours was talking to him once when he was home, this person being in the Navy, and told my brother that they were both doing the same thing, even though this person never left the US.  My brother held him against the wall and proceeded to ask how many friends he had to watch die, how many people had tried to kill him, and how many people he had to kill. My brother had suffered from a bit of PTSD after his first 2 tours, but has since gotten much better about it.  Not every soldier is a hero.
0	It is my expectation that reliable and unbiased reporting on the subject of Israel will loudly be called biased, because the audience for news about Israel is polarized and blindly partisan.   (This is especially so with news about the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, but AFAIK my very use of the term  Palestine  makes me radically anti-Israel to some readers, who won't read this any further.  Bye! )   Someone from  The Philadelphia Inquirer  was telling the story about the outsized amount of angry mail they got on Israel–Palestine stories from both sides accusing the paper of bias. They commissioned a study to determine what a supposedly objective third party would consider their bias, and interestingly they had one, not apparently toward either side, but toward "peace" -- they favored whichever side wants a cease fire at the moment, opposed whoever seemed to be sabotaging work toward a peace treaty.   To at least one side, Pat Robertson is unbiased and reliable when compared to the BBC, NPR and  The Philadelphia Inquirer  concerning the subject of Israel.   > I just want the violent conflict to end.  > Fuck me, right?
1	Well, it's a partial solution anyway. The problem, as it was described, is that you CAN NOT laugh in their face without being punished for it. The fan base aside, you WILL play with the man in so many other games, therefore it's very easy for him to drag you down with him. It should be teamplay afterall, so one person intentionally feeding can ruin the game no matter how hard you try (and the rest of the team). I know he had X mostly as an enemy, but there is not so many players to pick from, so there's a good chance he will have him on his team.
0	As someone with seven years working exp as a ex barista  I can honestly say that I've never actually spit in someone's drink. But I have witness it and I have drop food on the floor and gave to a customer, also a shit load of coffee grounds from the starbuck bar and served urnex in coffee. But all those customers where assholes and got what they had coming.
1	You can't really expect to attract viewers the same way already popular "pro" players do, you'll have to figure out a way to get your followers to like you. Honestly I only watch TOO and GuardsmanBob these days, but i prefer the latter for his ability to entertain through valuable information. It's sort of a relaxing feeling to sit and watch GMan's Stream. I am in no way implying that you should go about it the same way, but that you need to use your own personality to promote the stream and in no way rush things with screaming, raging, trolling, breaking things, hiding your game HUD behind pictures of boobs and so on.
0	My husband and I had a huge nearly marriage ending blow-out once that was caused by that kind of situation.  I found a condom (still in the package) from our stash in the washing machine.  There was no reason for him to be using it outside of the house with me.  In general, we weren't really using them that often at the time, definitely not a birth control method we were using primarily enough for him to be carrying it around with him. So I got suspicious he was cheating. I checked the expiration date to match it to the remaining condoms in our drawer just to be certain that it was definitely one of ours, not just by coincidence the same kind.  It matched perfectly.   I counted the condoms and noticed it seemed there were significantly fewer in there than there should be.   We had a room mate at the time who was single.  It could have been likely he'd been in need unexpectedly and took them without mentioning it.  So I asked the room mate if he had taken any condoms out of our drawer.  It was absolutely no big deal if he had, but I totally had to know for sure if he took them.  He didn't know a thing about it.  I could tell he didn't know for real and was genuinely shocked that my ordinarily pretty damn awesome spouse (and his best friend) seemed to possibly be a cheater.   I got really pissed off and went to the bar for a few hours to clear my head and only became more certain and more angry. No one at the bar had a better explanation as to what might be up with the condoms. By the time I got home and confronted my husband and we were having a big ugly argument, my mother who had been visiting for the last couple of weeks was also back at the house.  We never fight in front of other people, but this fight was different.  This was divorce level deal breaker. It didn't matter who witnessed it.  And my mother knows better than to ever interfere with my marriage.  She knows to butt out.  But on this one, she kept feeling the need to step in and take his side.  Then I told her to stop meddling and started to kick her out of the house, and that's when she fessed up.  She was jumping in defending him because she knew he wasn't a cheat because she was the one who took the condoms.  She admitted that she had been sleeping with our room mate!  He confirmed that, and that he didn't know where the condoms came from, that she just had them.  Upon seeing the condom itself that was found in the laundry, he confirmed that he recognized the brand/style.  I nearly gave up almost a decade of happy marriage over a mix-up over someone sneaking some of my condoms.  Borrowing condoms without permission is serious business.   bold
1	Alliance did absolutely nothing wrong regardless of whether they were trying to humiliate CW or just trying to increase their fantasy points.   If this were anyone's fault (which it is not) it would be CW's fault for not just surrendering. Crying about being humiliated when you can just surrender is the most stupid shit.   And Riot saying they're "investigating" this is even worse. What are they going to do - fine Alliance for 'humiliating' CW? That would be stupid on so many levels. And where does it stop exactly? "You beat your opponent too hard, you will be fined for winning too easily!"
1	just a question for OP about my scenario i hate supporting, but i've played it 8 times in ranked, currently 1-7 as support.  I'm in plat 3 atm, but i think my supp is closer to bronze. Does that mean i shouldn't queue for ranked? if i get support it's almost certainly going to be a defeat because i'm REALLY bad, doesn't mean i'm not doing my best.
0	Of course they care enough about oil not to go spilling it around purposely with malicious intent, that's their profit so long as it's in control. The problem comes when, and you seem to ignore, oil  is  spilled: from that moment on, that oil is only going to cost them money, and they care not for it - even to the point of neglectfully "managing" the process.   They'd leave it where it dropped in a heartbeat if they thought for a split second that they could. That is, to me, "maliciously trying to destroy the environment" (not just by shirking responsibility, it's bad enough to have the mindset of doing whatever you could to shirk responsibility).
1	Look at top solo queue, and competitive scene.   I haven't seen a kassadin or kennen mid for months. The problem lays with how many better alternatives there are. Want CC so pick kassadin; ok I choose ahri with a better cc, a higher sustained dmg, and better teamfighting power.   Yes most mids are still 'viable' but they lack as much as other mids have to offer.
1	please boycott the EU LCS this weekend.  By that I mean dont watch it or the VOD's.   I am a fnatic fan and this is absolutely disgusting the disregard to the integrity of the sport.   It is beyond unfair to make a team play four subs because Riot is unable to schedule the games properly.   I BEG YOU RIOT GAMES PLEASE DONT TURN THE LCS INTO A JOKE WHICH IS WHAT YOU ARE DOING RIGHT NOW WITH THIS ACTION.
1	If you take teleport you forgo ignite/exaust/barrier/cleanse. A mid laner without ignite will have to play so much more cautiously as his kill potential is drastically lowered, you only see teleport on champs that focus on farming or are massive lane bully's like renekton for a reason. A good example is ryze taking teleport vs twisted fate, ryze doesn't have to worry about tf killing him so he can forgo ignite to take teleport so that he can follow him. If bot lane were to take teleport the opposing team can go incredibly aggressive and you can't stop them because they WILL win a fight vs you, they now have a exaust and barrier/cleanse over you and your teleport will mean nothing if they can pressure you hard and deny you huge farm. The same thing goes for revive, but if you can make it to late game you will win the game due to it, it's just very hard to do so
0	I worked at an IKEA in the returns/customer service section and what I learned is: People have an unrealistic expectation of the quality of IKEA furniture. Yes, there may be imperfections in the pieces when they go together but what do you expect for mass-produced furniture which is designed to be shipped everywhere in the world at an entry-level price? A lot of people talk themselves out of even attempting to put their purchases together because it's easier to have a sad and get someone else to do it. Some people genuinely have no mechanical reasoning. The instructions are pictorial to take language out of the equation. Again, as a cost saving device. There should never be pieces left over at the end. If there are, you've done something wrong. Kids beds and cots are the MOST difficult pieces of furniture to put together. Possibly due to stringent safety regulations, the units are far more complicated.
0	I'm a server at an all you can eat buffet, our jobs are to take away plates that customers are finished with, and refill their drinks. As well as keeping the food bars wiped down and swept, making sure certain items on the bar are stocked, "Helping out wherever help is needed", and stocking up the plates, silverware, and cups. It's alot of work for only 2.83 an hour. Especially since ham planets go there and generate a stack of plates every 5 minutes, sit for 30 minutes to an hour, and leave 2 bucks.   Last night I have a party of 36 take up all of my section, and half of another servers section for 1 hour, not to mention the two hours we had to reserve it, so 3 hours total, for my whole section, we split the tip, leaving me with 3 dollars for 3 hours of work. It's bullshit at times. If we don't make enough, we're supposed to get 7.25 an hour. Serving isn't a minimum wage job, mainly because it is so labor-intensive. There's times I've pulled muscles carrying a tray full of half-eaten plates of food and drinks.   When you go to a restaurant, you're paying for the food when you get the bill. Gratuity or "tips" are for the server. They serve you, so why not be paid by you? TIPS means "to insure prompt service", so honestly you should pay your server before your meal starts, that way they'll know they've made money on that table, and they'll be much happier to serve you. Unless you're a scumbag, then wait til the end.
1	Semi-related. At a New Years party last night and ended up hopping on LoL with a couple guys. Decided to jump on Ez with my buds playing Shaco (intending on just trolling with box nests) and Sona.   Well, I was 5/0/1 before six minutes. Fun stuff.
1	At least he gets viewers, I bet you can't even imagine how many people actually stream, or try to stream, but get 0 viewers, and how much they may try, they may NEVER get viewers at all, simply because it is VERY HARD to get popular, no matter be they good or bad, or even potentially one of the top 5 people everyone would LOVE to watch, if he doesn't get noticed because NOBODY ever game him a chance, it will never happen, and he will be sad.   Imagine Saint as Justin Bieber for a minute.. Bieber gets all this attention, and almost all of it is hate, but there are some that like him ( little girls ). Then imagine how many views on youtube Bieber gets, and then imagine how much he makes, not only off of youtube, but any time someone says his name someone who didn't know of him might learn of him and he makes even more because of it.
1	Here is an actual scenario, you go to board your flight the plane has issues so you wait a bit longer. Most Airlines would give out flight voucher. Why? Because you still have to pay to get back and they still make some money while not being a dick.   My problems with Riot are...   The problemS are not fixed, but they already decided not to compensate.   They print money, if they gave everyone enough RP to buy 1 skin what would that do? Nothing, it cost them a little in getting it distributed but past that there are no additional cost.   It isn't just log in issues but multiple champs have become nearly unplayable, Moakai, Lee Sin, Nocturne, are just a few that suffer from this bug.
1	I played  16 games in 2 days  13 games in 2 days (woulda played way more if I didn't go to school, and probably woulda made it to gold), went from silver 3 30 something LP to silver 2 79 lp. I was going super tryhard Vayne mode for the final push to gold, I won  13 games lost 3  10 lost 3. 4 hours left. I think It's technically impossible for me to make it to gold as I need at least 11 games won in a row. I wish I wasn't a procrastinator.
1	This only happens if you don't clear the next incoming wave. Since you killed their top it's safe to extend beyond their tower to clear them as they come up lane(Assuming you're not super low).
0	I'm sure this will be buried seeing as I'm late to the party, buuuut: Welcome to the club, buddy.  Mid thirties, divorced, had sex once since my divorce, and the last half of my marriage was dry, too.  That one time was when I actually hired a professional escort (i.e. not a cheap street hooker) and paid for sex.  It was...actually a very enjoyable experience.  The sex was great, conversation was even good, she managed to make it totally not feel awkward at all.  I have enough disposable income that I could actually afford to do this on a semi-regular basis, but what has kept me from ever doing it again is that I'm a pretty straight arrow, and prostitution is of course illegal.  This makes the whole process of hiring an escort somewhat complicated and very risky, and other than being a complete failure with the opposite sex and relationships, I actually have a pretty good life, so I have a lot to lose if I were to get busted.
1	To be fair he didn't remove that to "hide" that specific thing. He had removed everything from his Facebook at that time. I doubt anyone gonna hide something after a full month.   He's allowed to say what he said there. That's not toxic, that's his opinion. Not everyone agrees with suicide.   And frankly, her last post where she said she would suicide she started off with "
1	To start, bringing cleanse as the ad carry is a very good idea. Especially an AD carry with a reposition skill can cleanse and then reposition out of MF's ult. Orther than that, a strong counterengage is very good. Taking you example of the MF/Taric lane, if taric uses his stun and MF ults over it. I'm going to use Ezreal/Sona as a counter lane here. Ezreal cleanses the stun, and directly repositions himself. Sona can now start the counterengage by ulting and Ezreal can throw out his stuff. MF also only has a very strong hard engage, she has no real escapes (apart from her movespeed passive) The Sona/Ezreal lane I named before can capatilize on this to by poking MF down. Orther than Sona you can also use stuff like Lulu or even Soraka. This is cause if they manage to silence MF a great part of her damage is negotiated. Orther than Ezreal you can use pretty much any orther ADC with and high poke or an high full engage. I would also highly recommend a reposition skill.
1	Enjoyment. I have all chat enabled. Why? So I can have a good laugh with the enemies, and vice versa. Just because a few people on the enemy team act like asses doesn't mean you have to block out the entire enemy team.   Today on URF for example I ulted down mid and watched my ult hit anivia just as her banshee's popped up. In all chat, Anivia just made a smile emote. To which I responded "banshee's veil too op". And know what? I had a good small laugh about it.   People are criticizing others for acting like assholes in chat and ruining the game. Well, why not act like a chill person instead? Your teammates might be raging at the enemy team while you crack jokes with them. Who's getting the better experience, regardless of winning or losing? You, because you're making jokes at things that you did or that happened in the game. Those jokes are good reassurance of the fun factor in the game!   Believe me, I hate people BMing during the game or after the game. But I honestly found that if I do my best to have a good time, I will have it. If you're intent on winning the fuck out of everything, then sure, mute your chats and all. If you're looking for a good time, then have a good time regardless of other people. They'll only be a nuisance if you let them get to you, and you can't let them get to you if you're having fun of your own! Appreciate the little things in your games!
1	This is exactly the same reason why I stopped playing ranked, I was ~1700 season 1 and 2 then when they introduced this new system I was placed in Bronze 1 (My interest in the game did wane during my placements), immediately got trolls in every match. Stopped playing and let myself decay to B3 (get 0 lp, play a match and lose. Repeated this twice) until I just gave up.
0	It would make a grand comeback except that most of the jokes that one could make with this meme, have already been done. Maybe come back in a year or two when it's less likely to be remembered.
1	Me ->   What I've found so far, climbing from Silver to Plat, is that supports become crucial past the Gold level. Supports, for the most part, have the greatest chance to steadily but surely climb the ELO ladder if played correctly, but unfortunately, the true impact a support has becomes obvious when every player knows their role well. Supports have the CC, engagement or disengagement needed to turn team fights over. At low level ELO, when players are still unfamiliar with proper micro and macro, the champ to do the most damage and take advantage of clumsy plays will generally stomp such as Yi, Kat, Akali, Yasuo, and other high damage but squishy champs. Supports LOCK these squishy champs down, but your team needs to be coordinated, and unfortunately, you don't find that level of coordination until high gold ELO.   I'd say, if you wanna cause more impact as a support at that level, to choose very hard engage supports such as Thresh, Leona, or Morgana. Any of those three could lock a champ such as Yi, for example with enough skill shot ability. Practice communicating with your team and the best ward placement at the right time.   Edit:
0	As a teacher I think this is great advice. Not necessarily about vaccines (I am no where near qualified to give medical advice) but just in general. You may know your child but I know effective ways to teach and discipline multiple types of children. When your child gets whatever they want at home and think they can come to school and get treated the same way it causes problems. I have students that scream and cry and throw themselves on the floor when they don't get their way; it works at home but it doesn't work with me. When I tell a parent that they need to make changes it's not a criticism on them; it's me using what I know to help you. I'm not only looking out for your child's well being now, but for their well being further down the road.
1	I feel junglers get more and more like end of S1 - Beginnning of S2 support. Back then literally no one played sustain or traditonal supports hardly considering it was still new to the overall meta. Now as I climb up in silver I find myself jungling more and more because everyone hates to jungle for the simple fact that it's always the jungle fault if a lane over extends and losing. ALWAYS.   Just some examples correct me if I'm wrong.   Duo Q - I had to jungle instead of ADC with my Duo who was support. I was like ok I will jungle to cordinate ganks with him over Comms to feed our ADC. Lee Sin jungle - Ganked lvl 2 after taking enemies red and got my ADC a double kill. Sweet I thought, Lvl 4 I tell my buddy that i'm coming bot. As lulu he sets up for a gank - ADC just rushes ahead of him as I'm running there dies instantly but I saved lulu and got a double kill myself. Ok cool I'm 2/0/2 , ADC gets back to lane after blaming lulu for his death.... I gank lvl 6.... ADC sees me go in and tower dives..... He tower dives before I could get there...... I got another kill - 3/0/3 because I got 1 shield on him before tower killed him. I finished this game 3/5/3 or something like this because after that our ADC afk'd because he died 3 times.....and blamed the jungle. Not trying to say because the ADC afk'd is the reason we lost but every lane was winning including mid/top who I just helped them push out of lane since they got kills without me. But I purposely camped bot to feed this ADC and he blamed me for him dieing 3 times.
0	Here's a bad poop story.  One year at a Superbowl Party, a couple of friends brought a guy over with them that I have never met.  We were all in the basement watching the halftime show.  (This was the year Janet's breasts were exposed).  Anyways, he had to use the bathroom, but said he would rather use the upstairs bathroom so he didn't stink up the place.  We showed him where it was and proceeded to watch the halftime show.  About 5 minutes into it, we noticed water slowing dripping out of the ceiling vent above the television.  5 seconds later, all hell broke loose.  Water came pouring out of the ceiling vent, and poured on the television.  It wasn't just plain water.  It was shit water.  A few minutes passed and he came downstairs and informed us he clogged the toilet.  It overflowed and went down the vent in the floor of the bathroom.  Of course that shit-water found its way down onto our brand new television we purchased for the big game.  I missed seeing Janet's boobs that year.
1	Hey. Gold 5 Trash as well. I use both and change everything for every champ.   For example, on Leona, I smart cast everything, but not solar flare. On Morgana, I smart cast everything, but not Dark Binding. I smart cast everthing on Cait. (I have non smart cast set to shift+q, so I can time/aim more if necessary.   2 reasons why NOT to smart cast! (im sure there are more, but here it is)     Accuracy! you simply will miss more. no matter how much you practice, it really helps, and if you look at pro streams, you will see that most pros use "normal" casting for things like thresh hooks.      2.Timing. Yah you may be able tho throw stuff out like a madman, but if its at the wrong time, it doesnt matter. "normal" casting allows you to really throw stuff out there, but for moves like dark binding, it may be way more about timing than speed (and you can always keybind both options!)
1	Same,but I only adc on blue side and I always win when I adc on blue side. As soon as i go on purple i have to unlock cam and then I'm like "should i position my champion or position my cam" since i can't do both and orbwalk. I just suck as purple side adc, but i honestly have beaten platinum ADCs when i am on blue side even if they had a good match history record.
1	One Piece is like the adult version of the dragonball saga for people who have moved on from dragonball. People who dont give a shit about story or quality and are willing to just sit there watching endless filler.
0	Story time.   About a year ago, my mom, grandma, and I went to my brother's house for a family dinner. My grandmother has bad gastrointestinal problems, and she vomited everything she ate that day, right before dinner. I'm sitting next to her on the couch, rubbing her back and holding a wash basin, as my brother asks me what I fed her. He says, "You've been with her the whole day, and she told me you guys ate something before you came here. What did you give her?" At this point, I'm getting really nervous because my brother is getting louder and coming closer. I respond, "We had a few cashews before we left, but that was a few hours ago now." To which he responds, "Are you trying to kill her? Are you stupid?" I tell my brother to stop being an asshole (because not only was he implying that I'm a careless granddaughter, but that I'm a total idiot), and everyone stood and watched as he threatened me to "say that to [his] face." I didn't. I shut up. And he says, "Oh, so now you don't want to say anything. You're so brave," he'd say. And I ignored him. And still, no one stood up for me. My mom told him to relax, and that was that.   I wonder what would have happened if I had said that to his face. So, dear OP, tell me about your fight with your sister.
0	I get my Jack Link's Teriyaki fix for a fraction of what it used to cost thanks to Walgreens. If you become a Balance Rewards member, which is free btw, and use the $1 company coupon that is attached to the bag, you can essentially get 2 bags of 3.25 oz Jack Link's any flavor for just $6, that's $3 a bag.
0	Another interesting distinction or fun fact.  That is, if I recall my doctrine correctly (exmormon.... wow, it's been 24 years.)   Mormorns believe that the members of the traditional trinity are 3 distinct persons (or rather personages in the mo lingo). And so...   Celestial: God the Father watches over this kingdom and ministers to the people there who attain an exalted state like god himself. Like growing into full potential of spiritual adulthood. But requires rites of passage others have mentioned (whether done in life of in proxy after death).   Terrestrial: While calling the Celestial his home, Jesus the Christ will minister to the people here. Basically, any reasonably good person on earth will be in an awesome place with an occasional visit from Jesus (whether they believed in him or not.) For many Christians, this is sort of exactly what they are hoping and praying for. I hear it's nice.   Telestial: The Holy Spirit (aka Holy Ghost) will minister to people here, although he will have been given a physical body at that point, like all of god's children. Sort of like your conscience personified and being your pastor, I guess. It's important to not that that this is where liar, cheaters, thieves, etc end up. So like others have said, it's still a "heaven" and level of glory... just with like minded souls to keep you company. Mormons who just turn their back, not on the church but on just being a good human end up here just like other pricks of humanity.   Outer Darkness: To get here you needed to have been one of Satan's followers before Earth, or have had to KNOW (i.e 100% fact in god and his plan for mankind, as is seeing an angel or something like that... which you really can't deny... but do anyway.)   Fun Fact: People from higher levels can visit lower levels. So you may not be with all of your family all the time. You can still visit that dickhead sociopath of a cousin in the Telestial Kingdom.
0	They're just separate entities. Baltimore is the only city in this situation in MD, all other cities are part of counties.   There are many counties in MD.  In the counties, some areas are incorporated as towns, while others are directly administered by the county.  These cities are still subject to county laws/regulations. These cities may have their own local police forces. The county police still have authority in these cities however.
0	There's still made in America, we just don't want to pay for it, and if it truly isn't here anymore then that's because when you don't buy something after too long it goes away.
1	The reason people are downvoting you isn't because you're stating "facts" you're just stating your opinion. It is possible for a support in a different region to be better than a 8th place support in the OGN. You're circlejerking Korea to a ridiculous level right now. Now Aphro wouldn't be first, not at all. He would probably be 6th or 7th if he went and was actually able to communicate with the others, but that is still better than Lustboy. Adding the fact that Lustboy might have trouble communicating with an ADC in NA or EU, it's EASY to say that he wouldn't be the best support in the LCS. The vision game isn't just the supports job anymore. It's very much up to the entire team, so you can't give the supports all the credit in Korea.
1	I agree with you man. I used to main ADC, but too many times the support wouldn't really know what to do but take cs. I once played with a Nidalee who called "supp" in Lobby. Then proceeded to take cs from me while I was in lane. I'm fine if you take cs when I'm out of lane, but while I'm in lane I'd much rather you be harassing the enemy, warding or zoning the other carry.   Also ADC's really can't make plays because they don't have much cc, or utility. The support or jungler comes in set's up the kill and the ADC does damage and picks it up. Bot lane ADC's are nothing without a support.   BUT not all ADC's are bad. I once played with an ADC who: 1) Gave me a kill or two mid game so I could get that Iron Locket and Runic. 2) Bought a few wards throughout the game. 3) Apologized to me when we both died because I missed my crescendo (I was so embarrassed QQ) and told me "It happens. Don't worry" 4) Defended me when the rest of the team was typing stuff like "Sona noob... 2/8" "LOL sona feeder report pls 2/8" and explained to them what a support's role is.
1	Here are my two cents on how to fix most of the problems:   Today lots of news came out about how junglers/supports could get more gold income. I personally like this change, because there will no longer be this "last pick is support" in soloq especially in the lower elos. There were a lot of ideas floating around about how junglers/supports get more gold, but I havn't seen this one yet.   What if Summoner's Rift was bigger?   Specifically, what if the jungle had more camps, and more paths? This would allow fast clear junglers to gain a significant advantage  over their heavy-ganking counter parts. It would also let the jungler get more of then jungle even with a solo-laner taking wraiths/golems. It would push the laning phase even later into the game, because or the lack of jungle pressure (if heavy farming junglers come into the meta) as well as limit the amount a mid-laner can roam to the other lanes without missing CS or EXP. Riot has stated that they want the laning phase to play a big part of the game, and this would further this idea. Also, it would push more players to ward, and take some of the weight of the supports shoulders. Supports wouldn't be able to run around and ward everywhere (even with mob boots), thus forcing the other roles to ward there lanes to stay safe. With a larger map, you could make oracles less effective because the support would have to roam everywhere to find wards. It would also allow for a more strategic vision-battle between teams, as well as more places to position for fighting.   Also, Riot is looking to remove all global passives, and with a larger map this would synergize really well. A larger SR would also balance out champions (TF), and allow for more counter-play overall in the game. Also, it would change the way the game flows, from the usual split pushing meta. A split pusher would have to go a lot further in order to take towers.
1	I use to play her mid when she was flavor. It was VERY good back then because of multiple reasons. One, very linear meta where Evetakes advantage of. Two, a different kit with different scalings and her E doing magic damage. Thus making DFG very useful on her and a staple item.   She had the ability to pressure other lanes without hurting herself too much. You're probably wondering, well gee I do the same thing now!?! When her kit was over powered Jungle was a bit weaker with faster spawning camps, gold income for supports was lower, and junglers who focus on vision control were barely meta. You still lost a lot of matchups mid but you could easily slip into your jungle camps to farm it which pressured other lanes. You could do the same now but it's not good anymore as everything I mentioned is different. Right now it still takes a while for her damage to ramp up, so if she gets murdered in lane she could be made a nonfactor.   Now to answer your question, I've played her once mid since Ludens Echo and her E change. The damage change to her Q won't change my opinion. She gets outclassed by many other mids. You're also basically giving up your lane in exchange for better roams. Which as I've said before can be foiled and challenged. I however play her in jungle if I don't get my mid or if I'm doing 3s, I usually jungle. She has powerful ganks and more time for vision control with decent damage, which is why she belongs in the jungle and not mid. Why the fuck would you play her mid when you can play her jungle and not give a free lane and you can do what she does best. Gank pressure and vision control.
1	Keep in mind that almost everything I'm talking about is directioned to competitive play/pro play   I think riot is taking the game in the wrong direction and it'll make the game very much boring after a while.   I don't care if every time reddit happens to be wrong in a few things and then some stupid fucker does a video called "lel reddit knows balance xDxD" that reddit upvotes because the biggest circle jerk is how reddit like to bash itself.   Every fucking time there's a nerf to an early game jungle, some people say the games is going towards "League of lategame" and they're right, but then a few guys come and say shit like "well, lee sin is way too dominant right now".   Yes, lee sin is way too dominant, I agree, but he wasn't, then riot nerfed pantheon, vi's base damage (buff in scaling), indirect nerfs to elise like the ancient golem path, nerfs to j4, nerfs to evelynn as an AP assassin, all that shit made lee sin way too strong. He was perfectly balanced a few months ago, but riot's balancing made it so that you have to play the few ones left for early game (like lee sin was) if you want to make an impact early in the game. And that's for jungle, don't even get me started on top lane and mid lane.   Fuck gragas, fuck maokai, fuck alistar, fuck all of that shit in top lane. They're braindead champions in top lane because all you gotta do is build one bruiser item (roa for mao/gragas, triforce for alistar) and build full tank, you'll have the damages, the tankyness. You're also stupidly hard to get out of the lane because of how tanky and how much sustain they have, fuck that. All of this made very hard to do an impact in top lane even if you're better than the enemy and an early game based top laner because they can just go back , teleport and lose 0 farm. You can't play renekton and hope to completely wreck the enemy who first picked a weak laner because he has teleport and teleport negates your lane pressure. You can't pick Rumble because you don't have sustain and enough damage early game to kill these fuckers, and you're eventually going to get outscaled not because of damage, but because of tankyness and because these champions completely take away your strenghts (mao ulti, displacement from gragas and ali).   Then there's mid laners, who are now basically a wave clear bot, all of them being mages. Every now and then there's some zed, some talon, a few yasuos. Of course every rule has it's exceptions, but mostly? Yeah, wave clear mages who'll try to strall the game for 20 more minutes in hopes the enemy do some dumb shit.   That also applies to AD carries, all I see in competitive play nowadays are tristana, kog maw and shit that at 40 minutes into the games becomes a fucking monster.   I get it, last season every game was decided before 20 minutes, but isn't that how this game is supposed to be? If some teams play it very well in the early game, they should be rewarded by having it easier to win the game.   End of rant. Sorry for bad grammar. Also
0	We had a house when we got married. We had a simple wedding with a focus on throwing an awesome party for our friends and family, we had family play live music and ethnic dance, we had a friend play bag pipes and we packed a community hall with over 200 people. Did not cost a ton but to this day I still have people tell me how much fun they had. I have been to countless wedding that really focused on aesthetics and other BS, they were good but seemed so forced and it really took it out of the attendees.
0	human are the most complex and superior beings in the universe, telling them it's ok to be fat is retard and anyone who does it should be ashamed. “No man has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training. It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable.” - Socrates. also in the matter of the mind, don't let them think it's ok do nothing for life, you're letting them grow with a weak brain.
1	I'm spitballing here:   APC or AP Support vs ADC     AP items are more likely to make the user tankier than AD items are  (Abyssal, Rod of Ages, Zhonya's, Athene's vs IE, PD, BT, LW)   AP is cheaper to build than AD  (Long Sword +10AD for 360g = 1AD for 36 gold, Amplifying Tome +20AP for 435g = 1AP for 21.75g).   AP champs rely on skills, ADC's rely on basic attacks, and skill base damage rises faster than basic attack base damage   AP champs are designed to scale well for early-mid game, ADC champs are designed to scale well for mid-late game   AP champs are designed to do burst damage, ADC champs are designed to deal sustained damage     AD Bruiser VS ADC     Bruisers are likely to build resists early   ADC are NOT likely to build armor shred until late   ADCs are unlikely to build resists until late   Bruisers rely on damage from skills, not auto attacks  (for the most part)     EDIT
0	Could be lactose intolerance. I thought it was that (seriously, someone could die from the farts I produce, and it was only after I had milk), but I went to see a gastroenterologist and found out I have Bacterial Overgrowth in my small intestine. It also explains why I haven't been gaining muscle/weight like I was last year (gained 25-30 lbs in 3-4 months, but haven't gained a single pound in the last 8 months without changing my diet), but that's besides the fact. You produce excess hydrogen, which is how they detect it (and also what's coming out of your ass).
1	Maybe a slight reference to the Japanese swordsmiths Masamune and Muramasa? Masamune's swords are often said to be the counterpart to Muramasa's swords in fiction, Muramasa's swords said to thirst for blood and violence while Masamune's swords are usually described as the mark of an internally peaceful and calm warrior, in this case Yone being a reference to warriors attributed to using Masamune's swords while Yasuo being a reference to warriors attributed to using Muramasa's swords.
0	You have this pressure from family and society to grow up,  graduate,  pay taxes,  and get married. Simply because that's what every else does. A lot of people get married without ever supporting themselves or living on their own.  They end up pledging their life to someone when they don't even know themselves,  because they couldn't tell the people around them NO.   Once they are in the marriage they realized they fucked up.  Usually they realize it before hand,  but with all the excitement, momentum,  and money involved you tell yourself it's just jitters. Everyone else will tell you that as well.   The day after your honeymoon all that is gone.  Everyone disappears.  Then the whole process repeats with you having children.  All of a sudden it's been 20 years and you have no idea what to do with your self with no kids around the house and a significant other you don't like.
1	I am perfectly comfortable playing top laners that are camped constantly. I avoid the ganks. I hardly ever die on GP or Nasus unless it's a constant 3-man gank from mid and my jungler is just snoozing.   If this is true, then your team is winning. Your post and your complain is, then, pointless.   >I never said I lose my lane, and that is why the jungler needs to come. I never said I need farm and that is why the jungler needs to come.   Then better gank other lanes and take objetives, which are way more important than your farm.   > I said that it is an easy double kill because I know their jungler is camping me, and we can take premature action and kill him easily.   Early level Nasus loses all the trades in 2vs2. Nasus+Jarvan vs Renekton + Vi will just get destroyed without doubt. If you are GP, then a gank may be worth. But your jungler will gank because IS WORTH for the team, not because you want he to gank. I gank a lot of times in top lane, even I do 2vs2 quite often, either in top and in mid. But I never do it just because top lane feel like fighting. There you see the difference. You are a part of something bigger, which is the team, and you will be sacrificed without hesitation if it comes to be better for the team, for example, you lose some minions, and we take a drake.   >Jesus get that entitled stick out of your ass. The Jungler is a tool of the team, so either you listen to all of your team or go play another role.   Aw yeah, we listen a lot of things. We hear enemy top has warded and you dont even know what a pink ward is. We hear "I need to farm" but we see that even if we gank, you will farm 5 creeps more, and then you will be in the same situation.   We listen our team, but most of the time, the laners have tunnel vision. The jungler have to have a global consideration always.     And we also are, along with the support, the roles with the less amount of gold. So calling us, sort of a greedy is just stupid, because we don't win anything with your lost per se. We don't let you alone for the sake of your dispair, to enjoy off your suffering. It is almost impossible to carry a game as jungler, if you don't play a carrier jungler, so we are, as supports, totally carry-dependent. We want all our carries to be as far ahead as possible, because we need them to carry.
0	Pennies to the mile, I don't remember the specific rate but its something less than a quarter. Also keep in mind that you're not getting all of that directly back, it just reduces your taxable income. During busy hours (typically Thurs/Fri/Sat, especially if its rainy) your driver is rushing from A to B to C nonstop for hours. This type of driving is more punishing than how a typical commuter will drive and will cost a little more in maintenance.
1	Well sorry, but i didnt want to read the whole post so i just read the
1	do I need damage- no.   -> buy liandries? !?????   I think its pretty easy really. Its relative to the amount of heals and shields you can get on primary targets without effecting their usage too. If you are healing / shielding diving tanks a lot, censor is not ideal. However if you are janna I think its pretty much ideal every game (the AD+ AS steroid on a carry is brilliant), and can be pretty great on nami too.   For alistar its a trade off, I'd usually prefer to buy more tankiness and censor as a bit of luxury item. In some situations you won't even be in heal ranged of your carries (depending on the way you need to play it) so censor would be wasted.   With nami , like janna it synergises really well with your e , meaning that carries can maximise the output of your e from your attackspeed bonus too, but using heal proactively to proc censor rather than reactively (to heal..) isn't always ideal, also it won't only be carries that require heal.   I wouldn't buy it on orianna or nidalee, though I wouldn't play them as support anyway. Karma I don't think its worthwhile either. You are better off investing the gold into either mikaels or your own offensive items. You will get more gold per cost from your own offensive items than trying to use censor to its full gold efficiency.   Taric is better off going full tank (I'd only play him against full ad comps where I'm essentially the full armor frontline/stunbot providing a 40~+ armor aura). Thresh is not worth as your lantern isn't a reliable source of censor uptime. Kayle would be better off buying other items too.   Sona and soraka will lose a lot from rushing censor, and they need to be tanky too. I feel its quite strong on sona, and probably situationally strong on soraka too, but both champions will want mikaels as a higher priority. If the game lasts to an extent where they can buy censor, I think its an OK pickup, not as strong as on janna or nami though.
1	I see a lot of people saying that "well ppl know froggen is going lee sin mid, eve was troll" etc. Well, i didn't know that Froggen played Lee mid until someone from my class told me. I'd understand if the Eve were studying/working in an environment where people don't talk about LoL. I understand if she didn't know and if i played with a pro player who picked something out of their role i'd assume they were practicing or something.
0	I wasn't bullied (only due to me making it known I had black belt in martial arts), but I was a complete geek and hung out with complete geeks who got bullied (mentally and physically).  My solution?  I dropped out after 10th grade by getting my parents to tell the school system I was being homeschooled, got my GED at 16 and went to college.  Best decision I ever made.  Software Engineer now and at 27, I'm making more now than what I set for a goal when I was 40.  In other words, you won't miss anything that you can't learn in college.   My wife, on the other hand, had an excellent high school experience and cannot relate at all to my school experience.
1	Use your q to get on a minion behind him when he flamethrowers your ass and THEN stun him.  So much of rumbles damage is focused in his positioning.  If you can force him to turn with you to do damage you'll avoid a lot of it.
0	What should have happened was that the banks should have been allowed to file bankruptcy,  then  the Government could go in and assist with restructuring. Maybe instead of paying to the banks, they could have then bought all the assets (mortgages, debt, etc.), and held onto them until the private sector was in a position to buy them back from the government. In the meanwhile those who owed their debts could pay them down by issuing direct payments to the agency housing their debt.
1	While Syndra is not the fastest mid champ by far, all of her basic abilities can be used while moving and will not cause her to stop. She can run and gun. Also, most of them have 800-900 range. Her ult's range is like 650 or so, but at level three, and after this next patch, it's range will be extended to 725, to be inline with the rest of the bonus her kit gets from her passive at their max levels.   As far as team utility, her Q can utilize Rylai's, though whether it is counted as a multi-target ability or single target, I am not sure. What I do know is that her W, which tosses any pet (such as tibbers), minion, or jungle mob has a slow on impact, which is quite useful. And it really hurts. Her E, if you hit an orb which then hits something (hopefully a champ), is neat. Think projectile shots: if you can hit them, they will be caught by the team -> you know how that goes. Her ult, depending on the way you build her, can either do great damage (usually above 1400  after  resists on squishies), or stupid amounts of damage (2200+ damage on softer targets, including bruisers), so you can imagine how well that would work against that Xin or Vi that just wants your AD carry's head.   People have it stuck in their heads that Syndra is a poor choice for mid, and they are wrong. She has an incredibly safe laning phase, assuming you are warding and stuff, as she outranges most mids on her abilities. She's basically a mobile artillery piece: lay some shots down, then go blow someone up. If someone is trying to escape, hit an orb with E into them to stun them for a second. They won't be escaping for very long.   The only lanes that she would have a hard time with are lanes with gap closers. For them, it might be worth it in the long run to farm under tower so that they have the threat of being stunned by you under your tower. Champs with gap closers generally don't like to be unloaded by both a tower and an AP mid.   It is usually recommended to pick up a RoA on her for the mana, and something with heavy mana regen would not be a poor choice for her as her kit is rather mana hungry. Think Tear or Chalice. Either is a great choice. The rest is up to you.   Another thing to remember is that her ult is counted as multiple separate single target spells against one target, so you could pop a Banshee's with it and still kill the champ, but it does need a bit of preparation: you get three orbs as base damage, but you need to drop more with your Q to get more damage out of your ult. Six is easy enough, especially with CDR (which goes very well with her), and seven makes it hit like a semi truck.   Personally, I like to run a standard AP mastery page, but with flat armor yellows, scaling MR blues, MPen reds, and flat AP quints. Yes, you still start with low-ish AP. Early game might be harder for you, yes. Late game, with your items, you will have about 2500 health, and 90 armor base, 98 MR base (not including items, that is). You can take a hit (though not too much <.<).   To be fair, I don't know how well she would stand up against bruiser counter-picks mid, e.g., mid Xin, from draft/Ranked, but if you were dead-set on playing her, just skip to another lane. Or play support Syndra. It's a bit off, and not what people expect to see from Syndra, but is quite possible. Just, not the most efficient.
1	Im not 100% as I don't play often Volibear, But from my experience with the Skarner 'nerf', You have now got about as much time to flash out of his ult as you do have to flash out of Voli Q and Singed E.   Before his ult was like Darius' ult currently is (which I agree is pretty stupid, can't even LoS it...) However his nerf brought him into line with Singed and Voli, which are CC effects, whereas with the Darius ult it's just damage so to a degree I can see why that still effects you.
1	I can play any role perfectly, Im a 1900 elo player. Now Im playing solo queue on another account at about 1330 elo. The problem is, that ppl who are first pick tend to call solo lanes. Anyone who went past Silver knows its dumb, you will get counter picked. Plus I WOULD play any role if everyone knew how to play the lane they called but they don't. So Idc if someone called a lane, I tell them ''Dude you are first pick, get a jungler or a support'' and I pick the top or mid because I know ill carry in these roles.   PPl think you can carry as a jungler.. NOPE if your lanes are shit you cant help them that much and a legendary jungler always ends in a loss.
0	I have a story where Taylor Swift helped me break up with my first real girlfriend. Things had been rough between us for a while, (i.e. she dumped me a couple times a month as a method of manipulation, I was naïve and thought I should try and make things work out), but the thing that showed me she really didn't care about me and that it was time to end things was when I noticed her phone wallpaper was a picture of her with Taylor Swift. (This was possible because she lived in Nashville and saw her at some store.) Now this might not seem like much, but she had bitched me out about my phone's wallpaper being some generic bland picture instead of a picture of her. Coupled with the fact that she hadn't even told me she had met Taylor Swift (I mean, who doesn't tell their boyfriend they met a celebrity?), I realized she didn't really care about me that much, and shortly thereafter ended things. It was really a "straw that broke the camel's back" sort of thing; if it were an isolated incident, it wouldn't have been a big deal.
1	I've been forced into every single role while playing ranked. People should worry less about what their "main" is and more about being at least competent no matter where they go. If you always call mid, you don't practice everything else, and you're gonna get stomped when you have to go elsewhere.   I'm not saying you have to be equally good in every role. I focus more on having three or four champs I'm good at PER ROLE, rather than being excellent at only one role. That way you can try to pick a matchup you can handle, no matter where you'd forced.
1	He's not mana gated because of catalyst/RoA passive. Mana cost on W means he loses sustain from his passive due to less triggers, and the damage reduction on Q vs. minions will hurt his waveclear. If the damage reduction also applies to monsters, jungle gragas also gets removed.
1	Talon is a very effective anti-assassin mid lane. He has a great all in on other high burst damage midlaners as his targeted silence leaves him a good window to put in damage and his slow means the target will have to blow some form of jump or dash rather than risking even greater damage. This makes him a great against champions like Zed and Kassadin. The main reason why he was not picked into these champions when they were more popular is that those champions could move around that map more effectively and have much better escape potential. This was also in a time period of champions like Ahri who were not guaranteed wins for Talon.   Talon does fall pray to extended fighting based champions like Soraka and Yasuo... whose Wind Wall also completely stops Talon's ultimate   Talon is also slow to roam being that he only has a targeted jump and his only movement speed boost is on his ultimate, which is a large portion of his damage. Talon also falls to some heavy shove champions like Ziggs and Lulu who do to their CC have a large window to lay damage down after Talon goes in on them as well as force him to farm under tower where he will need to use his mana to last hit well at early levels.
0	Moral superiority? Nope, I just actually have some and hold them higher than entitled, selfish cunts do.   This person lied and deceived for over a year. Played with this guys emotions and feelings. Since when do we hand out free "act like a piece of shit and get away with it" passes as long as the guilty party is having a hard time? It doesn't really matter what anyone is going through, or will go through, or has gone through. People who make decisions that negatively affect other people, for the their own personal gains are scumbags.   Flawed human beings from PLANET FUCKING EARTH are not exempt from being worthless pieces of shit. Op's girlfriend is a "flawed" worthless piece of shit and should feel terrible for her actions.   Also,   I find it very interesting that while you throw around words like "trust", "care", "decent","compassion", yet I haven't seen much empathizing for OP. You want to stand up on your little stool and proclaim the girls innocence and completely ignore the fact that OP is the victim here. No matter how you want to look at it. No matter how you wanna justify her actions or sympathize with the oppression of her homosexuality, she is a selfishly terrible person.
0	The proper usage would be something like this: A war veteran hears fireworks, and the sound gives him a panic attack. The fireworks triggered him. A woman hears the song her ex played when he raped her, and it causes flashbacks and nightmares that night. The song triggered her.   Here's how Tumblr likes to use it: An overweight girl is offended by a picture of a skinny girl wearing shorts and showing off her body. The overweight girl doesn't like that the skinny girl is confident. She claims that picture "triggered" her. A boy who believes he is part wolf is upset when his mother refuses to accept his identity. He claims his mother "triggers" him.
0	I am unsure how other countries do this, but in the US you pay an Internet Service Provider, ISP, to provide access to the internet.  In most areas a single provider has traditionally had a monopoly.  Although this is not as true as it used to be, your options are quite limited, the costs are high, and the service poor compared to the rest of the world, even many third world countries.   But this ISP is paid by YOU to provide the Internet to YOU.  But now the ISP wants to be able to sell access to you to internet content providers by giving you good access to sites that pay them and crappy access to those that don't.   The concern about this is that internet will become dominated by sites that buy their dominance rather than earn it.  Much of the US business is already dominated by large business that dominate the economy by buying political access.  This will spread that to the internet.  The largest ISPs have been giving large amounts of money to politicians to get this approved.  The head of the regulatory agency involved, the FCC or Federal Communications Commission, is now headed by a former lobbyist for the country's largest ISP, Comcast.  Besides wanting permission to sell access to you, Comcast wants to merge with the second largest ISP in the US.  Both companies have terrible service reputations, but maintain market dominance through political connections.   This policy is universally unpopular with citizens but their input is not really significant because political influence is primarily a matter of money in the US.  The main opposition comes from other large companies that would be hurt by a stagnant internet.  You would think that major content providers like google would favor this new system since it would allow them to buy a dominant position.  But many of them oppose it because, like google, they make money by selling access to you to advertisers and are interested in maintaining a vibrant internet that will attract users to make their ads valuable.  Companies such as google have the financial resources to compete with Comcast in the purchase of legislation and are our main hope in preventing this change.  But things don't look good.   edit: by request:
1	Really, you need to keep him from all-in. If you can bait out his E before an engage, your jungler has a small window of opportunity to hank him very effectively and he also loses a good chunk of damage due to his passive.   You either farm to late game with an AD that out scales him or poke/out sustain him.
0	I work in a small retail store located in what most would consider the ghetto we have customers all the time who come into the store and leave their stereos in their cars on full blast. I usually ask them to shut it off as were also beside a restaurant and wouldn't appreciate that if I was eating. A few weeks back one guys came in and the entire building felt like it was shaking. I asked if next time he came in the store to cut off the music. He didn't respond and left.   30 minutes later he strolls into the store to have a chat about what was wrong with his music. I informed him its disruptive and rude to others who might not want to hear the music. He immediately pulled the race card. It took about 5 minutes before I finally said "I don't care if you're white, black, hispanic, Asian, etc. Its disturbing the customers in my store, the restaurant next door, and the employees here. If you don't like it then don't shop here." He then proceeded to cop and attitude and ask if I stopped the motorcycles and import cars going down the street for being loud. I then had to explain that they weren't sitting outside reving their engines and disturbing people so no I don't stop them.   Ever since that day he pulls up the the store with his music just as loud and sits in his car for 2 minutes before shutting it off and coming inside.
1	This right here is why i stopped jungling. almost without fail, I will have a lane who bitches that they never get ganks even though they have the enemy hugging their own tower because they pushed it so hard. Then they get ganked because they dont have a river ward. So i put my wriggles ward down there for them instead of warding objectives or jungle. Or the best is when im getting blue or red and gank the lane closest to the buff and the lane furthest away is like wtf man why you gank lane closest to you?
1	Vayne is crazy fun but she is a very passive laner that generally doesn't trade at all except for when your jungler comes in or you get a good wall pin at level 6 on the adc and they don't have a Nami support.   With her item dependency as well as level dependency to do any real damage it's best to get really good at cs-info and freezing the lane just outside your turret range. Level 9 is your big "roaming" level. Generally by then you've finished your BorK and your fancy boots and you can really start dishing it out.   Around level 9 is when you get your jungler to come gank (tell them to stop doing what they're doing and come get 2 free kills with your mid laner) and either kill the enemy bot lane or push them off turret and take dragon then go win the game cause you'll keep getting better with every item you go back for.
0	If that's what people think Sonics fans did/were supposed to do, they are gravely mistaken.   Let me put it this way (and this is not based on my own feelings as a fan): Once Seattle gets a team again (whether it be through expansion or relocation) OKC will probably end up being our rival, based purely on the spite and contentment most fans around here harbor towards the "OKC Franchise".   Seattle has gotten screwed over by the NBA (the deal really should have ended up like our attempts to acquire the SA Kings or we should have gotten the Kings, not this middle ground we find ourselves in), and it is just one more instance that continues to perpetuate this persona of Seattle being an underdog (the very same reason we are so electrified over the recent emergence of the Seahawks as a respectable team in the eyes of the NFL, or at least no longer a joke team in a joke league).   I can see why most people around here do not support the Thunder, I agree with the sentiment on most counts, but I do not extend that to the players themselves. I will always enjoy watching Kevin Durant play just as I still love watching Ray Allen on the Heat and when he was with the Celtics (I even came to love Russel Westbrook and James Harden through their championship run last year) but the fact remains that our scum bag owner did a scum bag deal with another owner that was allowed by scum bag Stern and would not hear any other proposals that sprung up in 2008, and our investors made a FAR more impressive deal than Sacramento did to keep the Kings. We were robbed of a team and we are not going to support the franchise now that it has been taken from us.
0	Something that can only be said by someone who's never juggled wages.   Firstly, you should always pay someone what they're worth +'to your business'. It is completely impossible to pay someone what they are worth, people are invaluable. Inevitably this means that some employees can earn more elsewhere - this is a good thing.   Secondly, there are many companies willing to pay too much for IT staff, out of fear. Competing against such companies on salary alone is pointless.  When I speak to IT students I remind them that an over paid job in a company where they are the only one who understands what they're doing is a recipe for a brief career. To be successful in IT you must surround yourself with people who will teach you and help you to continuously improve - even better if you can contribute to the climate of learning.  Such jobs are worth their weight in gold.   Finally, if your SO was really the only person that understood the systems, then in the medium term the company is better off without her.  Her departure will force them to review their dependencies and ensure that they have the right kind of knowledge capture going forward.  With luck they'll learn from their mistake (which wasn't letting her go).
0	If anyone cares about my two cents on weight lifting protocol.  I would say from personal experience that you HAVE to lift heavier every week and progressively move up in weight.  It's the only way you will get bigger and stronger.  Yes, form is important don't get me wrong.  But sometimes, it's perfectly fine to cheat on some heavy reps just to be able to lift it and break a plateau.
1	So if you're aware of missing CS, don't you think that we supports would be more aware that we don't have enough wards out? We know how to do our jobs, just as an ADC knows how to do theirs."   Because often you aren't. If I'm an ADC and I know I'm missing CS, that's because there's something right in front of me I'm failing at and can immediately address and fix without the support telling me about it; if it continues, then it can be pointed out and is problem a deficiency of the player. Similar the other way around.   "The reason we get so touchy about it is because sometimes we get more shit than junglers do when they can't gank a lane. Only we get it when we take CS when the ADC isn't even there, when our wards get destroyed, when we get killed in a teamfight while helping the ADC live, when initiating what would have been a good fight if the team had just gone in, when we can't afford an oracle's, when we wander to help other lanes that need it more or basically any other bullshit reason to vent on the one person that's labeled as the "team bitch"."   I hate to be "that guy", but you're what? Silver? Bronze? I almost never hear anything but legitimate problems with a support above silver, and rarely ever in silver when I was in it.   "We are supports. We support you. We help you get to the point where YOU can carry the rest of us. What are you without us? If you take supports for granted or harp on them too much, they will leave you. There are times where the random ADC I was paired with doesn't listen to my warnings/pings and then rages in all caps about how I didn't say anything when I clearly did. "   We are carries. We carry you. You get us to the point we can, and then we take over. What are you without us? If you take ADCs for granted or harp on them too much, they will leave you. There are times where a random support I was paired with doesn't listen to my engage pings and I end up dying because he didn't know how to use his skills, and then he rages in all caps about how bad his ADC is.   "There are times where I've put up with this, other times I simply wandered to top lane instead to take that tower. To be honest, I don't believe I have to stick with the ADC all game long. I don't believe that I have to hold bot lane's hand because most times they know what they're doing or how they need to play. That means them free-farming at tower for a minute while I go get mid a few kills on occassion."   Holy shit, roaming. Fucking blowing my mind here, bro.   "Furthermore, the people that main support won't normally comment on your ability as an ADC, since it's most likely that they were once an ADC main as well. Shitty supports are the reason I main support now. If you miss a minion, we won't comment on it because we know that you know you missed it. Bringing it to attention will just make you angry, and thus less willing to cooperate with us when it comes time to fight. Harshing your mellow is just something I'd rather not do if it means that it'll put you off your game."   I wouldn't agree with this.
0	Yeah, but which 20 movies?
0	Great to hear you got teachers like that! I did too! Unfortunately though, the school division I recently graduated high school from needs improvement with these types of issues in numerous ways. Teachers here have to rebel against the divisions rules to act like this and risk losing their job at times.   For example: Teachers are forced to accept homework that comes in months late.  Teachers cannot give a final grade below 20 percent because the division fears it would "hurt the students feelings" .  Students who are fully capable of learning but don't seem to care are given 1 on 1 assistance. This may not be a problem, but when I see a teacher assistant helping a student who just doesn't care over a student who wants to learn but has a mental disability holding them back, it bothers me.   After I graduated I voiced my opinion to as many members of my school divisions Administration board, I have yet to hear back.
1	The only reason people still play Elise is because they don't want to get completely shit on like other support junglers do by every other bruiser/aggro jungler.   And that what Elise is now. A support Jungler. Her damage is now shit. Outside of a very mixed results damage build that quite honestly doesn't even seem to do much when the teams it was on won, Elise has been relegated into a Stun bot Bruiser who's damage does more than slightly tickle; which in return she has a horrible late game in comparison to every other support jungler. Her soloq win rate is pathethic, and she has a lower win rate and priority than other top tier junglers.   If the Lee Sin and Eve nerfs go through Elise won't be near as popular, because Elise by herself simply can't stop Mao and the like from shoving their damage reducing, CC spewing, late game scaling cocks down your throat past 10 minutes.
1	Commenting about people saying the game and site are down, I STRONGLY believe this is Comcast specific. Last night around 11:00pm EST at night, I could not log in to game (it said servers unavailable) and I could not access na.leagueoflegends.com (not ping it). This was all on my Comcast Connection (in MA), and in another thread, I had a dozen or so comments from other MA users using Comcast, same thing. While I could not access the game on Comcast, if I switched to my Verizon connection, it worked fine.   Tonight, AGAIN! The EXACT same issue with Comcast for me. I played all day during the day with no issues at all. As soon as night time comes (and I assume many more players are then playing), everything goes to crap.
1	To be honest I don't understand the need to remove certain content. Reddit is a self-moderating environment which means everything that majority of the community wants to see hits the front page.   There are like 20 league related subreddits. While I do agree on separating some content from the main subreddit (such as /r/summonerschool and /r/LeagueOfMemes), I find it absolutely idiotic to make a separate subreddit for League fanart etc. I for one (and I think alot of people would agree with me on this one) NEVER browse other League subreddits. For example I would love to see some cool league fanart/cosplay but I would never go to it's dedicated sub and browse through ALL the fanart to get to the stuff I might enjoy. Instead I would like cool fanart to hit main subreddits front page. And if people upvote it, then hey, it's cool and people like it so why the hell not?
1	I really don't feel like these are the changes that Elise needs. I think she would be best served by being an ap bruiser. What she needs is better tank scaling. I don't want her to have more damage because let's face it, at the height of her power, Elise was crazy hard to deal with. What I hate about Elise right now is that she lacks a mid and late game identity. All she is good for past level 5 is setting picks. She doesn't scale well into late game in her current iteration. What I would really like to see is a change to her R that makes her gain additional armor/mr while in spider form with each point put into R. I feel like this would give her the stats she needs late game to get into a fight and mix it up while still punishing her if she goes into human form at the right time. What's nice about this is that it both preserves and reinforces her current combo, but gives her a means to actually make use of it in fights.
1	I would say that the community that isn't a part of the subreddit, or that doesn't visit the fourms at all either largely are assholes. Part of the problem is that its a free game, and with that comes a lot of kids who just talk shit all the time. However with the community at large on reddit / the fourms, I think it tends to make people more accountable.   Think for example of WoW (or any mmo) Typically on any specific server people get reputations and people start knowing each other more.
1	Counter jungling is bad for the game.   Don't get me worng, counter jungling is  actually  a very vital part of the game and a good way to disrupt the enemy jungler, but with the community league has right now it is downright bad for the game.   For example, I played a game a week or so ago where I was jungling. Obviously I got counter jungled and thought "Meh, just got to ward my jungle then." and started doing just that. Then I saw the enemy jungler at my blue and pinged multiple times for both top and mid to help. No response at all.   Then my mid asks "Can I have blue?" and I explain that it was stolen. Apparently that is a reportable offense and the guy raged at me. Told him to help me get rid of the enemy jungler if he wanted to get any buffs at all.   Bot starts crying for no ganks. Well, I can't gank when I'm two levels behind everyone else. So obviously I get reported for that too.   Top tells me to sell my skin.
1	the alistar report caused the system to review your history.   the ward/group mid reports were certainly justified.   false report was tipping point, causing system to look, saw several justified reports, and chat restricted you.   this happened in that "I did nothing but still got chat restricted" post 5 days ago.   so it seems;   false reports can trigger system review of your behavior, but not enough to actually warrant a ban unless your history supports it as a necessity.
0	I hate to say it but I honestly feel like I was a better person in high school than I am now. I'm not going to say I've been corrupted by the world and all that jazz, but I can say that I don't think about others nearly as much as I do for myself when considering if I should do nice things. Also, I am significantly worse at anything skill related than I was. I have no work ethic, low self-esteem, no goals, and I have basically let many of the good relationships I had fade away into dust.
1	Dude, you used "
0	This must be the
0	It really depends on your kitchen/waiter. At my Applebee's there is like a 8 minute or whenever you bump the appetizers delay between when the apps appear for the kitchen and when the main course appears. It also depends on your meal- if your whole table gets chicken Caesar salads they'll probably be out 2 minutes after your appetizers go unless your waiter is in the kitchen and makes sure no one runs the salads early.
0	People always talk about how a single voice is powerless and there isn't a point in voting, but even if it is hopeless for this round you should still vote. By the time the next election comes around, those small, growing numbers overtime show a pattern and might encourage more to fight the hopeless fight until it just might not be so hopeless anymore... or go out and crush your opponents with the sweeping majority!
0	So because moron Mitt Romney took a shot in the dark and got lucky, he's Nostradamus?   And just to remind you, we're talking about Russia sending more troops to an area where they already had troops, which is also an area that they gave to Ukraine for free.
1	Something I would love Riot to read:   The time passed by, still no release, people started to get desperate demanding Riot for the thing, today it came out, THE Spirit Guard Udyr. Now everyone is happy, but I'd like to give a warm and solid thanks to the Riot Games team, they really stood out and made a true Ultimate Skin; and this one will make so much money for the game that I won't even try to count it.   Thank you for such a nice gameplay experience, sure people will "Udyr or afk", "Udyr or feed", "Udyr or dodge" these next weeks, but you made an already semi popular champion for the old school players, way too cool to handle.
1	Besides Ezreal (Who was my first main), my favorite AD is ashe.  Even though she doesn't have an escape or an AD steroid she has a lot of utility  which bring a lot to the game.  As an AD carry, regardless of the built in steroids, they will still do a lot of damage late game.  Her ability to initiated and pick off targets is amazing.   My favorite part however is her Q.  35% slow on ranged AD?  Yes please.  If you play her enough to get a feel for her auto attack animation cancel, you can kite anyone all day (except Akali but that's a different story), especially with flash.  Having a PD with 440ish MS and having a 35% slow without having to sacrifice damage is really strong.  It is a lot better than people give it credit for.  I can't think of all the games where bruisers come at me and i start damaging and kiting them.  Eventually they give up but then can't get away and I kill them.   Ezreal is also a boss.  He is extremely underrated and people say his damage scaling is bad but I beg to differ.  He works really well with poke comps (especially with red buff) when he builds a trinity and his 40% AS debuff enables him to 1v1 any auto attack champion.  The biggest problem is the high risk, high reward style that he has.  Since he has all skillshots you can not miss one otherwise you will be doing weak damage, especially early game.
0	It's ok, at least you're was interesting. Mine was "best
1	From the rules it would be a 3-way tie and tiebreaker matches would happen:   "If no team in a tiebreaker holds a winning record against all other teams, the following structures will be used: 7.3.2.1 Three-way tie: A single round-robin will be played among the three teams. If this does not result in a hierarchical ranking of teams (i.e., distinct 2-0, 1-1, and 0-2 team records), then the three teams will be randomly drawn into a single-elimination bracket where one team has a bye into the finals."
0	Dude, you called the damn reddit fight.  Standard procedure calls for proper escalation.  I started by simply stating what normal procedure would be like, then you initiated escalation and called it.   Standard procedure would be for you to come up with something worse (like I did in response to your son up the sunshine place).  I was expecting something demanding that you drive my people before you and hear the lamentation of the women.   I mean with your incredulous responses I thought it pretty apparent that we were having a pretty heated yet fun reddit fight.   Was the eating your own intestines thing pretty bad? Sure, but I just based it off the Walking Dead, so it really shouldn't have been that hard to follow up.   Point is ( ie
0	Funny story about my grandmother and brother.   At this time I was 7, brother was 5, cousin (male) was 12, and grandmother was 70 something. My brother at this age has an obsession with saying the word penis. It's Christmas day, I'm playing a new computer game (Jurassic Park: Trespasser), and my brother and cousin are watching. My grandmother comes upon us with one of those hard plastic massaging objects.   She asks, "Anyone want a massage?"   My brother (5) without hesitation: "MASSAGE MY PENIS"   My cousin and I die laughing. My grandmother leaves.
0	I know plenty of lesbians who aren't butch. I also know plenty of lesbians who are. I never thought of it trying to be like one gender or another, I just thought that was their personality.
0	Hoh geez.   As that hot girl, I don't want you to do shit for me just because I'm hot. I would hate to think that you'd do shit for any random hot girl. There's a plethora (and yes, I mean that as in "overabundance") of 120-lb blonde athletes. I don't lose respect for you; I think you don't have respect for the person I really am. I mean good lord, what would I do if we ended up together for the next 30 years? I'm not going to look the same, even if I'm the same on paper.
0	Violence isn't always physical.  Violence does solve problems, look at WWII.  People may not like it, and there may have been better ways, but people are going to do what they have to do, violently if needed.
1	only because it is projected doesnt mean it is a projectile.   >A laser is a device that emits light through a process of optical amplification based on the stimulated emission of electromagnetic radiation. The term "laser" originated as an acronym for "light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation".   >A projectile is any object projected into space (empty or not) by the exertion of a force.   notice how lux laser is evrywhere at the same time but you can see how slow everythink that is blocked by yasuos w travels through the air.
1	Hi, fiora main here. Fiora is a great low elo pub stomper, because no one knows how to play against her, because everyone thinks she's awful. I go complete aggression when playing her, only build one defensive item toward the end. Her weakness is that she can't do anything against high armor champions (garen, renek), and high cc.and if she loses lane she'll suck the rest of the game. Anyway, in my elo, (silver 2) she's excellent because she's underestimated. I play her mid, or top if they didnt pick someone tanky. I often get dodged for playing her mid, but when i get into a game everyone goes very aggresive, and that's when I can win because she's underestimated, and people dont know how to play against her. I rarely lose mid, and i always do well.
1	And that, as long as new players level up to 30 at play their placement matches, and that older players leave the game, you WILL climb if you play regularly, even if you don't actually improve.   That's not strictly true. The average level of play across all ranks slowly rises as the game gets more "figured out". I know from sc2 and csgo that it was easier to get to global/master/global when the games were relatively new compared to now. If you don't improve  at all  you will drop in rank.   You could also write a proper
0	I met some scumbags in the Navy 2003-2007. My room mate in the barracks would cheat on his super attractive, really sweet girlfriend that was madly in love with him. He refused to wear condoms with all the girls he slept with, eventually got an std, and he put the icing on the cake when he told me he went down on a chick, felt a string, pulled out a bloody tampon and kept giving her oral. It made me so mad that I myself turned into a scumbag and decided that I should start cumming in his body wash. I'd do it once a week for several weeks and he never noticed. I told his ex about the body wash after she found out he had cheated on her with so many chicks. She was very happy!
1	Helping with 5. since you asked What instead of When --  You buy according to what your champ needs. For example, I play a ton of Malzahar, which means my first big item is usually one of three different items (Zhoynas, Rod of Ages, or Morellonomicon) and I determine which item I should go for depending on the enemy composition and my performance early game.  If I'm against an AP burster like Leblanc -- I'm going for Rod of Ages because it gives me health and mana to survive against her all-ins while still being able to pump out some DPS. It's also a great scaling item for mid-late game.  If I'm against an AD burster like Zed, Jayce, or Talon -- I'm going for Zhonyas because the Armor and active are perfect for taking as little damage as possible when they're trying to put down some poke, while also being able to virtually negate their all-ins.  Against almost anyone else (especially sustain mids like Swain or Vlad) -- I'm rushing the Morellonomicon for the mana regen, and healing debuff for mid game objective fights (whether it be sieging an outer turret or a Dragon Fight, the healing debuff is excellent for countering Healing effects during crucial mid game fights).
1	sooo.... does anyone else HATE his voice? I mean, his lore made him seem like he would sound like Xin Zhao/Master Yi. he is a samurai, looks Asian, should be Asian and his voice......is Graves but not as growly, but even them its still growly.   I really wish Riot would have more variation in the voice acting for Males. I've had enough, rough, tough and growling voices. Since he is a samurai I wish his voice could have been more...calming and soothing. Yes I know he killed his brother and <insert gloomy dark backstory here> but he doesn't HAVE to sound all gruff and tough. I mean his element is the wind, plus he is from Ionia. Give him a soothing, yet firm voice and not a gruff voice.   Also, really? A cowboy samurai skin that looks like Ben Affleck's face was photoshoped on there with a beard. I mean sure they are making a reference but.....they couldn't come up with something more creative? Like maybe make a Jade Dragon skin for him, like Wukongs or something....
0	See we have a fundamental difference of opinion here, and I'm willing to let it lie at that. I don't think it's acceptable for a person to change their entire body beause their head isn't right. I think it's pretty obviously a mental issue.   > You have no right to determine which course of action for me is 'reasonable'   You're right, I don't. But taking the rather drastic step of  changing your entire fucking gender and lopping of your genitals  is inherently unreasonable. "Well ma, looks like I have a splinter in my finger.""That's okay honey, we'll just cut off your entire hand, you won't have to worry about that splinter anymore." Does it solve the problem? Yes. Is it reasonable? Of course not.   > This is a drastically inefficient method.   So are lots of treatments for mental issues. Do you think we have efficient treatments for schizophrenia, or addiction, or PTSD, or bi-polar disorder, or OCD, or a thousand other things? We really don't. Some of those issues have more effective treatments, some don't. But on the whole, our understanding of a lot of mental issues isn't very good, and our treatments aren't very effective. And here's the point of all that:  just because the treatments aren't effective, doesn't mean it isn't a mental disorder.  The equivalent if what you're saying is a schizophrenic saying, "well the treatments for Schizophrenia aren't very good, so everyone should just accept me this way and allow me to be out in society doing my schizophrenic thing with no help or drugs or anything, and society just has to roll with it."   So basically, you can't say it isn't a mental issue just because you don't find the treatment to be effective. And just going with your mental issue and expecting everyone to be okay with that should not be an acceptable option.   As to your last point, equating sexual orientation with being confused about your gender is a stretch to make. To be quite honest I don't think the T belongs in there with the LGB. They are entirely different things. I mean you can't equate "I like to have sex with my own gender." with "I wish to remove my genitals and replace them with a facsimile of the opposite while being injected with loads of hormones that do not occur in my body at nearly those levels nautically, if at all, and then I will undergo several surgeries in order to make it look legit." Those two statements aren't even in the same ballpark. Hell, they aren't even playing the same sport.   So, yes. I support gay rights. Dudes wanna bang dudes? Fine by me. Girls wanna bang girls? Do it up. You like both? Good for you, you just doubled your dating pool! But don't try and equate sexual orientation with Transgenderism, because I just don't see it. And again, just because the mental health treatments we have for that at present aren't as effective as you would like, doesn't make it intrinsically okay, or socially acceptable, for people to take the drastic action of gender reassignment surgery and all that. Just like its not okay for people with acute Schizophrenia to go off their meds and go crazy and make a scene in public.   As I alluded in an earlier post, your worldview of "it's my body, I can do what I want with it." is all well and good... As long as you're not trying to function as a member of a society. And our society mostly agrees with what I have said. You have to realize that just because you choose to do seething very drastic to your body, that doesn't mean that everyone has to accept it and love you and think you're a great person. Hell to be quite honest, we don't even have to tolerate it! And mist societies don't! Hell dude be lucky you don't live in say, more than half the countries in the world. And now it's not enough that we tolerate you here, we have to accept your drastic non-solution to your serious mental health problem? That's absurd, and I will do no such thing
1	Not me, but getting someone else to ragequit. I swear that my friends are extremely good at it- not by being assholes or anything, but by running troll comps, or stupid things that shouldn't work, or what have you. My boyfriend especially is really, really good at it. My favorite example of this is when we ran a backdoor team of tele revive during the month or so that the minions were super buffed. Our plan was two super pushers and then some people beefy enough to defend.   We were tripled qued, my boyfriend, a friend of ours and I, told the two randoms what was up before hand. Super chill guy grabbed gragas, said sure, I'll go mid. I picked Cho, went bot with kennen (who was less than thrilled), while my bf as TF went top with my friend as Master yi. Our goal was to push as hard as possible, no matter what. TF and yi were against a pantheon/ gp lane, and almost immediately they both died, feeding panth and gp. The Pantheon was especially cocky, spamming all chat with stuff like "Noobs" "stop feeding me TF you're only worth 15 gold lol" "Noobs" etc etc. Our Gragas didn't say much, Kennnen was understandably upset. I told him to calm down, I knew what was coming next. Anyway, with both TF and Yi top, it wasn't long before they got the tower down, even with the amount of deaths they had. Panth was mad, but decided to gank the other lanes. TF and yi kept pushing. And pushing. The enemy tried to teamfight, or gank them, but no matter what, they pushed, while usually Gragas, myself and kennen fended them off as best we could. Gragas did Gragas things, Kennen farmed, and whenever my tele was up I went to wherever I could and managed to get a few towers myself. At this point it was still looking like a win for the enemy team by the sheer number of kills they had alone, but we had three towers down top and bot's tower down, with Gragas holding steady mid. The enemy decided to make a strong push mid with all 5. Immediately yi and tf ran to top and bot respectively, gaining an inhib and two more towers. Pantheon was PISSED. I'm pretty sure I witnessed an aneurism over all chat. But, he was still in the game at this point. He didn't actually rage quit until he ultied+ murdered both tf and yi few minutes later as they got mid's first tower (Gragas killed him in return) only to have them both revive and use their ults to push mid all the way to the inhib. We got the nexus not to long after.   The final score was this:  And yeah, I know farm and stuff wasn't good at all- I was pretty mediocre at this game for quite some time, (shitty win/ loss record in the screen shot proves it for sure)  but I swear I'm a much better player now.   Edits: Clarity and spelling
0	No, I AM talking about apartheid. And segregation. And sodomy. And interracial marriage. And yes, even the right to explore concious altering substances that don't harm anyone. I'm not saying prohibition is worse than or equal to denying people the right to love who they love. I'm saying that saying "Oh well You should just not have broken the rules" is a stupid thing to say, in any context.   Should I remind you the point of the whole conversation is "Wow, did they really need to go in THAT HARD?" not "should they go in at all?"? Laws are supposed to protect us. What does sending 14 cops to scare the shit out of some teens for smoking pot, or for that matter, putting some teens into the system for smoking pot do to serve the community?   Smoking pot doesn't hurt anybody else, and any "it can affect young peoples chances at life" justification gets blown away the second you stick a criminal record on them.
0	Funny comic, I like it a lot. But let's get a little more serious about it for a minute, imagine that most people thought that all rock music sounded like your least favorite band, you wouldn't feel the need to set the record straight? That's how most 'dubsteppers' feel. Within the span of a year or two, a couple people completely changed the genre, 180 degrees away from what it originally was, and then those people proceeded to get a metric fuckton of recognition, and everybody associates the genre with a completely different sound and most people hate it without knowing what it actually is. New dubstep is all about crowded tracks with screeching robot noises, mid-bass and filthy drops, old dubstep was all about minimalism, rhythm, sub-bass and darkness, with a dub reggae influence in most songs. I try to ignore it and not take it seriously, but sometimes it is kind of frustrating when people hate something without knowing what it is.
1	Bro, I think you two should really just look at how you two reacted there. He was passive aggressive, and what you said was kind of over the top. He meant the respect of the NA region, and you knew that.
0	No one should be told that their body type makes them any less real than that of the next person. Everyone should be recognized as a human being worthy of just plain existing.   With that being said, I know that I myself have felt invisible whenever I look at pictures of women online, pictures of women in magazines, women on tv, looking at women in ads, and even when I'm walking around school. I feel invisible because my weight hides my value as a human being, apparently. I don't get to see people like me in the media without it being for a special reason.   I do not agree with anti-thin pages (hating anyone for their appearance is ridiculous), but I also do not see any issue with fat acceptance. Why? Because is it really that much that larger people ask to be accepted as humans? Maybe they could go online and see pictures of people like them without it getting a negative response, or not be hated just for their appearance... Yes, they can change the way they look, but it's not instant. That obese person you just saw walking by you may have already lost weight, but some people are still going to think of them as disgusting and lesser than human.
1	I'd like to try my hand at expanding on what he said a bit more:   His logic is pretty much right; in the sense that you hinder yourself by mindset and such.   It is a bit insulting when you take it in a way that pretty much says that if you've been playing since Season 2 and are still silver, that you are bad. So lets expand that a bit - If you have been playing since Season 2 and are still silver, you haven't put in the amount of effort to understand every little mechanic and decision going into the game, not just the large ones like dragon, towers buffs etc.   This isn't your fault, however, most people don't know where to start. You could play 100 games starting now for the next month and still not improve by much if you don't have the tools and knowledge to know what you should be working on.   Tons of people write comments and responses to others trying to seek advice by simply saying "Focus on last hitting". But you could go so much deeper than that; Pick a role, play the shit out of normals and/or customs and practice getting your CS rates higher without dying or being forced out of lane as much. Take this, and repeat it to other roles. This will overall improve you last hitting by allowing you to practice(while in live games) improving your CS. Just don't forget about that goal.   This is what people need, harder, more detailed answers rather than Focus on last hitting and improve your decision making.
1	Didn't implies past tense.   Should implies future tense.   Breaking the contract himself weakens his own legal standpoint. That's why Own3d hasn't actually taken any action to get him to pay his penalty. Because if they try and enforce the penalty, they would have to use the contract as their legal reasoning, which would mean they'd have to pay him what they actually owe, which would mean they would lose money if they took legal action.   My point was actually that I don't get why he didn't take legal action sooner, or at least threaten to, instead of leaving it and hoping they'd pay him and slowly getting into a situation where he's now struggling to look after his family.
1	This is correct. You're only where your skills limit you.   If "ELO Hell" really existed, then why are pro players able to take a smurf from no matches played to Diamond repeatedly? Even without Pro Players, I have a friend who is Diamond 1/Challenger who has done the same and he's not a pro player.   If you're stuck, you're doing something wrong. Period. What that is is for you to figure out, but for most it is:     You don't prioritize objectives over kills.     Your decision making is poor (You try to all in/trade at the wrong times or are not counting summoner's/Cooldowns blown so you know when you are free to fight without fear).     Your mechanical skill is poor (You miss a lot of your abilities. I find this to rarely be the case)     You waste time doing nothing. If you're standing around on the map without a real purpose (team fighting, CSing, pushing, trying to take an objective) you're doing it wrong. I encourage you to go watch replays of your game and look at how much time you spend on average a game doing effectively nothing to increase your gold or your team's gold/advantage.     You don't realize that  EVERY  lane/role has the ability to win the game.       To elaborate on the last one, every lane has a straight path that leads to the nexus. With proper ward coverage, you can easily push your lane repeatedly which puts pressure on the map to stop you, which allows other lanes to perform better because more resources are freed up putting pressure on you.   On top of that, most people don't realize their influence on the map that you can exert to snowball the game.     Top: Don't just sit up top and CS. Push to the tower, walk down the river and gank Mid, take the enemies jungle and buffs, or take a B and walk through the lane bottom and try to pick up a double kill.     Mid: Push lane, gank side lanes or counter jungle. Opponent isn't in lane? Take tower, then gank side lanes.     Jungle: Counter jungle, put pressure on lanes. Focus on 1 or 2 people to snowball because that's all it takes to win. Don't be afraid to camp lanes and play lame. Just don't fall behind. Take dragon when you're on the bottom half of the map and the jungler is ganking top, every time. You should have the advantage if your team is paying attention and listening to you.     Support: Don't just sit there. Harass their ADC and make him choose between CS or not taking damage. Ward entrances. Control your lane bushes. People who complain that they can't support or that support can't carry don't know how to play support or this game in general. SUPPORT IS THE PERSON WHO CARRIES THE BOTTOM LANE.     AD Carry: This is the hardest role to carry the game with. Ward up (yes, you can buy wards), get farmed, push lanes, shoot the closest thing to you. If you have good positioning and good decision making and assuming the enemy team isn't fed to shit, you'll be fine. Oh and while you're at it, don't be afraid to tell supports who aren't harassing with autos/abilities to actually do something rather than sit around.       Basically what I'm trying to say is:
0	The person that writes the article has a point. Read the comments that follow the article, there you can see the people that deserve your hate.   Comments like:  " You are paying for service "  - Then include a service charge or price the food higher.  " If you cant tip then cook at home " - I can tip if the service merits it, this tipping automatically is for the birds.  " The whole point of going to a restaurant where a server brings you your food is to pay extra for the extra customer service " - Wrong, I go to resturants for the food.  " your probably just mad because people at high end restaurants probably make as much as you and we don’t need degrees to do this " - Well lucky that you work at a place where the food is expensive and you live in a society that automatically tips 10-15%. If I go out and pay $600 for a meal with wine in a good resturant, does that merit 60-100 dollars extra just for the person that brought me my food. I would rather tip the kitchen for making an awesome meal.
1	Wait, I thought the 10% lifesteal was flat and you got bonus lifesteal from the extra BorK passive damage? Well...wtf :|   Right now it's you get 10% lifesteal to all the damage you deal with autos but  not  including BotRK Passive damage.   After the patch, it will be 10% lifesteal to all the damage you deal,  including  BotRK passive damage, but remember that all lifesteal is mitigated by armor, so you will never out-lifesteal thornmail with only botrk, because thornmail returns 30% pre-mitigation (which is then mitigated by your own MR).   > As far as damage goes, isn't the cleave a unique passive? So if someone else on your team already builds a black cleaver (which I feel like is very likely) then you won't get the passive applied anyways.   The passive isn't unique currently, but on the new item it will be unique. This is to discourage people from stacking them on a single champion like they did back in Preseason 3. However, the armor shred stacks up to 6 times on all physical damage (both spells and autos). This means that your team can also help you apply stacks if you both build it, until you hit the cap of 6, at which point it just refreshes the duration. This means that even if you have 57% armor pen on a target with cleaver lw, your teammates will still get the 30% armor pen without having to build any item, so it benefits all physical damage that your team deals to the champion you're hitting.
1	So I was in a LoL game, in the middle of a teamfight, near the end of the game but alot of time left, till the end, according to the minions pushing and I got disconnected from the game...I had to ALT+F4 out of the game as it could no longer be played, I got sent to the LoL client MAIN screen. The game was not even over, so I decided to queue for a game and  it allowed  me to, I Could be a part of two games. I checked my match history and it hadn't updated which meant that the game was still going on...WTF riot?
0	It's not being homosexual that Catholicism does not agree with, it is the act of non-procreational sex. Of course, if two people engage in homosexual intimacy, then it would be non-procreational, and only recreational. Of course, Catholicism does not agree with recreational sex at all, as this applies to heterosexual relationships. And then there's the point about sex outside of marriage - you guessed it, Catholicism doesn't agree with that either. But don't think Catholics believe that being homosexual is wrong - Catholicism isn't  THAT  backwards. I myself am an agnostic, but Catholic by upbringing - I decided to be baptised and confirmed myself when I was 10.
1	Claiming that Riot only balances based on competitive play is flat out wrong. Do you really think they are ignoring 99.9% of their customers entirely? The reason it seems like Riot balances based on competitive play, is because competitive play is the closest you can get to seeing the true power level of each individual champion.   If a champion still seems way overpowered when someone's playing them vs five of the best League players in the world, then that champion probably IS overpowered. Someone going 30-0 on Akali in Bronze 2 is obviously irrelevant when Riot think about balancing their game.   basically, Riot don't balance based on any particular skill level, they balance based on how powerful each champion each relative to the other, assuming completely equal skill levels, as well as taking into consideration the wishes and opinions of the community. professional level play is the closest you can get to truly equal skill levels, thus the balance changes seem to reflect the way the pros play the game
1	Its actually not that difficult. Once they make the hat, which should only take 20-30 min tops, they just connect it to Barons head bone. Barons head bone is already animated so the hat moves with his current animations. They wouldn't need to re-animate him at all. Imagine gluing a hat to an rc dinosaur, you don't need extra motors to move his little hat. Source: I do a lot of 3d animation on my free time.
1	This is not true at all. He isn't a "Hyper carry", not in the slightest. He is a position 2-3 Hero, like Queen of Pain, Templar Assassin, etc He can carry but not nearly as well as a hero like Faceless Void or Antimage   Ok, i was mistaken. He's still a semi-carry, chosen for his versatility.   >He does not have a spell for everything and it isn't difficult to determine what he will throw out if you play against him a number of times.   His spells include:     Debuff that makes the target be stunned and take bonus damage when hit   Invisibility   Wide wall   Mana burn/damage AoE   Global delayed damage spread over everyone hit   bonus AD and AS steroid   mini attack minions which shred armor   Directional damage skillshot   damage+stun+blind   line AoE knockup + damage     >You can easily rule out a lot of spells in a lot of situations because some require set up, some just aren't viable at low levels depending on how he builds (exort or Quax/wex--you can determine easily which build Invoker has gone by level5), some have limited range, a lot of them have long cooldowns and some like alacrity or forge spirits don't require you to really react either.   Point is, you don't pick Invoker for his focused ability to do X. From what I read (and play, I have the dota 2 beta and messed with him a bunch), you pick him to fill your team and to throw people off with a wild card.   >Invoker isn't even considered one of Dota's most difficult heroes either,most people agree he is difficult to master but you can easily play him with some degree of competency after a few games. (No really, go check out the Hero discussion for Invoker, a lot of people agree that he isn't very difficult to pick up and learn--unlike a hero like Bat Rider, etc)   It's not Dota's most difficult hero, but it's still one that consumes an inordinate amount of processing power for one champion, both to play as and against. I like the invoking mechanism too and the orbs and such, but when it really gets down to it you may as well just find a way to more directly give him 10 spells and limit which ones he can cast. That way you can examine all of his spells without expending resources (IIRC you don't get to that point until either level 3 invoke or Aghanim's Scepter) and just flat pick what you want.
0	Political correctness is not a concept to them.  They don't care very much what the world thinks of them on some things (porn, whaling, past war crime etc.).   That's the
1	No, no. I meant that Dan Dinh knows more about the players themselves. I mean, he's Regi's brother. He knows how the players, well.. play. :P He knows all their strategies, and he probably plays with them a lot. Rioters don't really know  that  much about them, as they don't see them much asides from tourneys. And look at it this way; Dan probably plays constantly while the Rioters are busy getting ready for the next patch, and the one after that, and even the one after that. Riot is constantly busy producing the game that they don't get to play nearly as much as the pros. You can't disagree with me on that.
0	I did admit that it's a dick thing to do. I don't make the "more money harhar" comment, myself, because I agree we should all do what makes us happy. I got caught up because someone implied I couldn't come up with data on relative incomes based on field; it kind of took off from there.
1	dll's generally modify memory, which is against T.O.S.   Custom Skins modify existing files in your install folder, not the game itself.
0	This happened to me.   Was laying in bed, tossing and turning, generally trying to sleep and my phone chimed with a notification.   It was an email from a local airline, asking for feedback over my recent flying experience with them.   Trouble is I hadn't. I had apparently booked tickets to Singapore some 6 months before and then forgotten about them. I was supposed to have flown the day before.   Bricks were shat that day. Those tickets were non refundable and non cheap. :(
1	Observation bias in action.   You say you provided correct information because you know you said it and you favour yourself/trust you over him and the admins. The admins don't know the difference between you two, so they evaluated both statements on their relative merits. If all you said was: "I turned up at 6 and he was still in a ranked game from earlier, he finished at 6:45 but I decided not to play him anyway." Then I can understand an admin deciding against you when they were also told that "He already added you", and that he claims to have been trying to contact you for 3 days.   You are being very biased towards yourself... from an admins point of view all he has are two players' statements, and inconsistencies in both.   If you said he'd already added you, then that gives weight to the fact he was trying to contact you previously. When you say you logged on at 6pm... you give more weight to the image that you weren't really bothered about the match since you could easily have showed up 2-3 minutes late, after not being online for 3 days from this guy's point of view.   Also the way you decided to just report it as an /ff when he was online and willing to play looks like quite an underhanded move to an admin who is just seeing two statements.
1	SYDTKO has a LOT of very strong and extreme opinions on a lot of stuff. I like some of them, I dislike some of them. But what I really like a lot about the kid is that he is one of the few accomplished players (don't want to start a discussion about wether he is accomplished or not, but I'm pretty sure he's pretty known among the community) who regularly think outside the box and are open to share their ideas with the community.   I mean, some of the stuff he says is pretty odd (I'm 90% sure I recall him calling jungle Singed viable pre jungle remake, I mean, come on.), but at least he's not caught in a fashion a lot of the other pros seem to be caught in.
1	Diamond here. It actually is an average play, the more impressive part is that he got that fed and farmed as Vayne that quickly. Just look at the champions.   1) Kassadin. Kassadin is a squishy AP Assassin out of position. 3 shot.   2) Brand is a squishy AP skillshot champion. Vayne used flash to get out of his combo. Now he's useless. 3 shot.   3) Janna's a low damage support. No hope against Vayne.   4) Varus is a squishy utility poke champion, and not a strong duelist especially when his cooldowns are down. Not to mention, he's far behind Vayne.
1	Your mmr is bad, probably from chasing to kill and not ending the game soon enough. Ending b4 20 minutes is considered better (no citation, just 2000 ranked games and I know). If your games are ranging from 30-50 you won't climb. You need to prove you can end sooner becaue you are better. The times I really see some lp gains I totally mind fuck the other team and they usually do that file in 1 by 1 because he has 100 hp and might die to me.   p.s. I don't die.
1	Guinsoo I think addressed this in a post sometime. The idea was that the overall game system is designed to handle a certain power level(amount of damage, hp, ect).  Too much power creep creates problems with the system itself which then needs to be changed.  Thus they try to characters power levels similar over time.   Take WoW as an example. Each expansion raises the level cap. Game mechanics balanced for the previous expansion now function poorly with higher levels, damage numbers ect. Thus they have to change core mechanics to adjust for the new level cap.
0	in my defense, this is the very first time i've ever browsed reddit on a computer. i've always been mobile, and never read comments. where i'm from, its hard to meet people who share common interests/sense of humor with me. i've always seen reddit in a lighthearted view, and browse it to get a good laugh when i'm having a bad day.   i was very naive, and just assumed that he'd be an ok guy to hang out with & grab a drink. i never imagined it would go the way it did.
0	Alright lets get something straight though Psych is pretty damn subjective so they might actually be right even if they are wrong. Unless they are questioning a definition about something, or the like. Seriously I have watched students argue about case studies numerous times(No his impetence is caused by his alcoholism, sorry but it has to be genetic, no its because his wife doesnt reciprocat his love) Then the prof chimes in with the voice of reason, and goes "My beloved students you are all right have some golden stars."
1	MUST DEFEND LUX.   Okay, I'll admit that it's extremely fun to land a well-placed KABOOM and pick up the kill.  I mean honestly, that's probably why a lot of Lux players do it.  Sniping is just.  too.  great.  And it's so satisfying.  Honestly.   But when I'm playing Lux, I do try to use my ult when it's advantageous.  For example if a team fight breaks out and I see the enemy bunched up fairly well, I'll usually fire off my ult and try to hit as many as I can.  Also if there's sort of a standoff and nobody will initiate, I love poking with E and my ult before a team fight even starts, since the CD is so low I can usually use it again during/shortly after the team fight.   Then there's always the situation in which you can kinda NOT use her ult to "bait" so to speak.  For example, it's not uncommon for people who took Heal to stick around when they're low on health to bait the enemy into attacking, then pop heal for that quick advantage.  Sometimes if I'm seeing a skirmish between a couple allies and a couple of enemies, I'll save my ult until they're nearly dead to lure them into a sense of impending victory.  It's a close battle, so both sides stick around and fight it out... if I ult too early it could scare them off, but if I save it, I can use it for when the fight gets a little bit more "down to the wire" to turn the tides in our favor.   Really though, there's a lot of variables here.  Some people have mentioned that it may have just come off cooldown, or other things.  We don't really know what the situation is/was.  Also don't forget that Lux is an AP Carry, and if she's picking up kills, you shouldn't be that angry.  Her job is to get fed and carry.  I never get mad if a carry gets a kill I was going for...  because they're the carry.  Maybe if my support blatantly stole my kill I'd be a little upset, but not a carry.   /endtextwall
0	You should go over to Pubmed and read some empirical studies about money and personality. Earning more than your peers turns people into assholes.   So if you brag about cash, it's pretty a safe bet that you're an asshole even if you started out a normal guy.   Also the structure of our society is what's messed up, bud. Not whiners. People whine the exact same amount that they've always whined, and WILL always whine, no matter what their lives are like. It's human nature.   What you need to look at, however, is whether those whines are caused by things in need of legitimate change.
1	That mf and heal getting nerfed part, god that was amazing. Really good job man! I love your
1	Shaco is in a weird spot. If he's on your team you'll think fck shaco. If he's on the enemy team you'll think fck shaco.
1	Honestly, Dominion is the most fun I've had in league in ages (Except for watching Alliance) and although I've recently stopped playing League I honestly enjoyed Dominion way more, much closer games, much more action.   Most people disregard Dominion, but it really is an amazingly fun gametype if you play with a few friends. Way more than SR for me.
1	There is a counter to this. It is the best feeling in the game when you are adc or support and you get along with your counter part. I was an ADC for a guy who only had yordels and similar type charactes including nunu. He couldn't play very well at all but he was NUNU support and I told him what I needed and he did it. We ended up winning three out of four games and the game we lost was one that we weren't bot lane in. He learned a lot from me and I learned from him by giving him pointers and watching him execute.   The point is listen to each other. Maybe your support may not be aware of the entire map but if he says stay back just do it. If your ADC wants you to engage try it with a sure escape route first as to not get killed in the process.   If you work together you can blame the loss of the lane on eachother, take ownership, and get better. If you play as complete individuals you will lose collectively on most occasions. I constantly say GJ when it is warranted and give feedback for my playstyle when there needs to be improvement. I discuss my playstyle before the game starts when I'm ADC and ask theirs when I'm support. It makes for a better time.   The other side is I was playing Graves ADC with a Voli support and Voli was way too aggressive. He was completely out of reach from me when he engaged and on the otherside of the minion wave by minute 3. I asked him to be a bit more selective and have some bush control as he stayed in the middle of lane, he told me to go screw my self. We fed the other team's bot lane pretty bad I was low on damage but I started building back up. By late game I got pretty competitive as far as damage output compared to how it started, but Voli kept baiting us into bad fights and overpursuing, taking himself out of the equation and the rest of the team hadn't done too hot either.  The point is it doesn't always pan out. I had a bad game but the rest of the team didn't rage and it was still fun. They realized that voli wasn't playing right and i wasn't all to blame. They said I sucked at first but came around toward the end.
0	In college I had a classmate ask me to pick her up before class at her family's home. We agreed that if pick her up an hour and a half before the class we shared because I had to take care of a few things.   I texted her when I got there. I waited 15 minutes and texted again. She replied with just got out of the shower, be out in a few. 10 minutes later I text again, she replies she's coming. Walks out casually as if she has all the time in the world. I didn't have ample time to do both of the tasks I had planned. I should have left after no reply the first time.   I never gave her a ride again.
1	To everyone saying "herp derp TSM isn't in Korea cause they make more money with streaming".   Yes, right now they surely make more money with streaming but if you look at it, being in Korea is going to pay off more in the long run. Why? Because Season 2 finals. That's what EVERYTHING is about. Hotshot (and many others) described Korea as "scrim heaven". No one actually cares about winning that tournament (of course it would be nice to win it for the PR and cash) but they went there for one big reason and that reason is scrims and improving. You can scrim the best teams in the world there, for 2-3 months, every day. WE, CLG EU, CLG NA, Frost, Blaze, Xenics Storms, Startale etc.   There will never be such an opportunity again (until Season 2 finals) and the smart teams realized this is what they needed in order to have at least A CHANCE to win Season 2 finals.   TSM didn't go as one of the very few teams (I heard they did get invited). I guess scrimming Dignitas/mTw/some random EU teams compares to "scrim heaven" in Korea.   We'll see what is going to happen @ Season 2 finals.
0	I'm in now way trying to pass comment on OP, I've definitely been frustrated by my fair share of kids, but I have a reason on why I'd never say anything along these lines to a parent - learning disabilities.   Conditions like Autism and Attention-defficit hyperactivity disorder (not the bogus condition many people think it is) often manifest in tantrums which can be fairly extreme (A girl with a combination of the above conditions once decided she didn't like the look of me so decided to begin throwing a 1000 piece Jigsaw at me, one piece at a time). The trouble is that although these conditions are common they are completely invisible to the naked eye. These conditions (among a long list of other disabilities) can feature as part of serious genetic conditions though can present with no prior family or medical history so may go unrecognized for several years. One of the worst aspects is that parents of disabled children are often stigmatized for being 'bad parents' and end up being alienated by strangers when taking their kid around the supermarket or even going to a law office.   Now, I'm not trying to say there aren't bad parents out there - there definitely are - and I'm not trying to say that there aren't bratty children that need more authoritative discipline (though hitting kids is a whole other debate that I'm NOT getting into). There are even some parents that use these conditions (falsely) to justify their childs behaviour. My point is that (unless you're a trained paediatrician that specalises in picking up these conditions and has a couple of sessions over extended period of time to examine the child) you just don't know if that kid you're about to yell out is disabled or not and you'll forever been known as that guy who yelled at Glenda's autistic kid for pulling out the plugs.
1	Being outnumbered doesn't mean you don't deserve to have fun.   That random guy has no better way to play ARAM than to search for a lobby and join it. When he joined, he may or may not have realized he was in a partial premade. Having the game ruined by a bunch of premade buddies screwing around like that is bad.   If you want to dick around, make sure you have a full game of people you know. For all intents and purposes, right now, a custom ARAM is the ONLY way to "queue" for ARAM, so it needs to be treated that way. If 4 people queue up and get a random in Summoner's Rift, they aren't allowed to troll the random just because they outnumber him.   Once an ARAM queue is released, custom is where you can dick around, queue is where you play for real. Until then, customs need to be treated like a real match UNLESS the group is 100% on board with dicking around.
1	For the most part I will do that, I constantly make a =/ when I accidently KS (I'm most often support) or when I do something stupid. Its just those comments that are out of the blue, that don't serve much perpos(i cant spell and no spell check ._.) then to just upset people that get me.   If I am in a game with a champ that I am learning, and I am trying (ex Nami trying to poke with her Q) and then someone makes a rude and unneeded comment like "Stop missing your Q's" that kinda upset me. (mind you this happened and it was on a level 15-16 account). If I was on my main account and did something stupid and people were upset I could understand (like I steal blue as support or I miss a shield and shield a creep instead of ADC and they die) but something so small to comment on... But that doesn't really happen, and if it does people dont comment on it (on my main account)
0	Law Enforcement Officers of Reddit already know they are being recorded. They have dash cams and the US Government are working on "Pin Cams" Cameras pinned to the front shirt of each and every officer. Officers that you see over-reacting are often doing so because they just chased this bastard for a mile and he threw the first punch. Officer's deal with an extremely high daily stress rate and on the job hazard, its entirely within their right to defend themselves in any way they see fit (within reason). These Officers go out every day with a target on their chest and stand in the face of danger and crime so that you don't have to and still they get this stigma of being cruel and brutal.
1	I think Katarina is worth picking up.She has major mobility with her Shunpo (E) and her ultimate deals insane damage if the opponent stays in the channel for enough time. It scales with 250% of your AP and building magic penetration will allow it to do even more.
1	As a q, why not get an Wriggles instead of 3 db's, i find that you get a lot more sustain, a nice free ward, way more life steal and i find it just more usefull and just works better. Im saying this because when i was learning tristana 3 db just wasn't working, your slots fill fast so no extra pots or wards for you. You stay with heaps of money because you cant fill up your slots with items. and with wriggle you can even hop into the jungle and with BF swords + wriggles so can even solo dragon. Just my 2 cents any thoughts?
1	Supports have an important place in a team, through the use of  warding  to secure  map control . This translates to advantages in objective control and strategy execution by abusing the opponents' mistakes.     This intensive warding strategy was started by the  Chinese  and spread to the rest of the world since SWL. Of course, warding is a team choice, but when a support is responsible for 90+% of it, it could be said that warding decisions are the prime factor for determining a good support.   "Big plays" are  not  the reason why those world-class supports are world class. Players like Edward (EU), Madlife (KR) and Lovelin (CN) have earned their respective positions as top-tier supports through  superior warding  to control their games. Of course, Edward stopped playing as excellently since moving to NA, which is stressed below.   Players like Cain get recognized as world-class players for their  warding  and  macro  skills, not the micro ("big plays"). EU players are similar. Although they do make big plays (e.g. Voidle, Krepo), they ward far more, and ward better places than their NA counterparts, and that alone makes their calls  executable  (except for C9 and Vulcun, no NA team can execute things reliably). There is no player in NA to date who does this, since edward does not play like his M5 days.   Your claims of superior laning skill is  misleading , because the DL/Xpecial lane had more practice compared to the Weixiao/Xiaoxiao lane (China did not bootcamp). Also, if anything, Lemonnation is a somewhat  weak  laner by NA standards, so that part of your statement is also moot.   Crescendos that do not hit at least 3 people are generally considered to be  mistakes  in the asian regions, not a "big play" as you say when you refer to bloodwater. A rare example of a one-man crescendo being effective was in OGN spring where a crescendo was saved and used later to zone out Zed for an entire teamfight (but otherwise, multi-hit crescendos are the norm). However, almost all the time, a Crescendo has to hit many people to be borderline successful.   Crescendos would be easier to hit in a region where huge positioning mistakes are made almost every game (sneaky when he threw against Vulcun, Zuna on his Ashe multiple times, Doublelift recently, etc.)   Good thresh players are everywhere.  Lovelin ,  Xiaoxiao ,  Fzzf ,  Voidle  and  Krepo  made many, bigger plays on thresh more reliably.
1	The problem with Frozen Mallet is that it costs quite a lot, and inefficient.  This is meant to balance the item out, because it's a permaslow on an item.  In higher elos, I'd imagine they're more oriented on getting as much of a stat advantage up on the enemy laner (forget about getting it in a reasonable amount of time on a jungler) with as little gold as possible.  Not a bad item, but it's more snowballey than anything else.
0	Pavlov would be proud.   Is that all you got man?  Really?   You must be new to le reddit army,  fresh meat  if you will (or rather   fresh bacon  lol). It's okay, I like breaking the n00biez in.  Now comes my favorite part.  You see friend at reddit there is a tool. It's called the upvote button. (This tool has a counterpart which we will get to later.) You see the upvote button is kinda like the "like" button on Facebook. (which I'm guessing for your incredibly thoughtful response, you are very familiar with.) Now let me tell you a little difference between reddit and your Facebook. The upvote button has a symbiotic relationship (almost yin yang) with its opposite. The Downvote button. It's pretty much how to show the guy or gal posting above you anywhere from "hey I don't agree with that statement" all the way up to "go die in a fire you insufferable shit" (in this case it's the latter) Beautiful concept huh? So maybe take it back to Facebook or you will suffer for not stopping yourself before posting mindless rants in the comment section.
1	i also switched from a dota (well actually starcraft with some dota on the side) player to a lol player. funnily enough i found that the hardest things to get used to are controlling one (and depending on heros) unit. it feels a bit awkward at first and definitely takes a while to get used to.   other things i found funky getting used to would be getting used to how the maps works, controlling buffs and monsters, and understanding how the meta game works. for the map, you should know that the bushes give you invisibility to anyone not inside the bush, which can help tons for juking and such, and also without the long lane and short lane mechanic in dota, laning works slightly differently. controlling buffs and monsters is also a key, theres four monsters, a blue golem, a red lizard, a big dragon, and a giant snake thing, which i suppose you could compare to river runes and roshan. in this game it becomes very important to control these, as they give you great amounts of bonuses which can help. as for the meta, in its current state there is someone who is the jungler, who primarily farms jungle creeps and ganks early game, as compared to dota where very few heroes can jungle (perhaps enigma and a few others), theres also a hardcore support, who helps the ad carry to farm and become incredible powerful later. theres an ap mid, who is someone who uses spells to do primary damage. and a bruiser, who is basically someone who is sort of an off tank, as i found that in lol almost no one builds as pure tank. at low levels this isnt as important but it becomes important later on if you want to have a balanced team.   also a few things you should be aware of. you can try using smart casting (in  the menu you can change your key binds) and although it is quite hard to get used to, once you do, you'll find you become a much faster player, as it takes away the need to click to cast. also there are far fewer items in lol with active abilities. and since lol is more "spammy" (which i think makes it much more fun) controlling your mana can be quite different from than in dota. also try understanding the last hitting mechanics (especially when under a tower, and there are many places you can find this information) as well as when you should use spells to get last hits. because of the more "spamability" of lol, you tend to die much quicker than you would in dota. the stuns and such are also weaker as their length is usually much lower. understanding when to play what kind of style becomes very important.   as for heroes, what i did was i found heroes similar to the ones that i played in dota, and just experimented with whoever was free. for example,  the week i started playing, teemo was free, and i when i played him, i decided to stick to him although i sucked at the time, and i slowly became much better. as for finding someone similar in dota, just for example, back in dota i used to play lich as one of my mains, and so as i was looking through the heroes, i decided to try out brand who quickly became one of my best heroes. as another person already said, the 450 heroes are a nice place to start and 1350 isnt  too hard to get to as well. i would just experiment with anyone and eventually you'll find someone you like.   as for runes and masteries, they are simply just small in game boosts which can help in the early game, and since they help in the early game, they will help in later game too. i would not buy any runes until u are level 20, although i think there are people who buy level 1 runes just to help with jungling and eventually use the combiner in the rune page to make up for it later.   you can find guides in many places such as:  solomid , and watching pro player streams.   hope i helped :)
0	I don't think that they worded that well, PTSD is different then a lot of triggers most people talk about. It is like saying having PTSD is on an equal playing field with feeling like people should not mention the concept of loosing weight because that is a "trigger". It is just them hiding from insecurities they have of themselves and use a real condition to make it look like a real problem in the world.
0	I was in a theater at the same time a class of elementary school kids came to watch it (I think it was a field trip or something, I don't know). Me, my two friends, two teachers, thirty or forty eight-year-olds.   End of the movie, me and my friends are bawling our eyes out. The kids don't get it, really -- not as much emotional impact when you didn't literally grow up with Toy Story, when college is a far-away dream rather than something literally happening in two months, etc. So the kids get confused and turn to their teachers to ask why the three high school kids are bawling like their best friends've all died, and all the teachers have tears in their eyes too (because they have or had kids at around Andy's age).
1	But Wickd, you're a way better player than we are, so this doesn't count!"   WELL MAYBE THERE'S YOUR PROBLEM. Enough players have done this to show that if you're "good enough", you can carry yourself to your "true" Elo without too much trouble. Saintvicious did it when he was hacked, TSM did it when they switched to EU-W server. Countless players do it every day, and you can too.   My problem with the concept of Elo Hell is that it is an incredibly vague term/mindset used to justify why YOU belong at a higher ranking and that the only reason you are not is because everyone else is holding you back. If you think about it, that's a pretty shitty mindset to have which will not only contribute to the toxic game environment that so many complain about, but also stunt your growth as a player.   I've had my fair share of leavers and trolls, but I can't only blame them for why I'm 1300. I'm only 1300 because as a player, I have a lot of improving to do. I used to have the same mindset, which is actually partly why I didn't do so well in my early ranked. I thought I was hot shit and that it was only my incompetent teammates screwing me over. One day, my 1750 Elo housemate let me play a game on his account, and needless to say, I got STOMPED on. This really put things in perspective, as I realized that maybe I really do belong where I am. I'm not hot shit, and if I want to raise my Elo, I have a lot of improving to do.   Sure, Wickd is a 2k Elo player, of course he carried himself out. But what about the people who are "only" 1800? What about those that are 1600? 1400? They all had to deal with the same shit you did, but they somehow managed to climb their way out, so why can't you?   Do I believe in Elo Hell? Yes, but what differs here is that I define it as the approximate range in which most players have this crappy mindset that I mentioned above. It's not about player skill, but about arrogance, attitude and the tendency to blame everyone else. So in essence, you are the ones not manufacturing this so called "hell", but also perpetuating it. Once you realize this, not only will you improve as a player, but you will also have more fun, and hopefully make this community that much better.
1	There is a really low chance that they nerf shen. He is strong because of his kit. He is overrated in soloq. Also he is not permabanned. Only at lower elos, where its surprising cause I dont remember which pro said but, shen on soloq does not work well cause most of time you ult to save their life for example, the bot lane is retreating. So you waste your ult, then you go back to lane where you lost some turret hp/cs/xp. It's banned at lower elos cause no one times his ult and also most people that play vs shen are not aware of be ready to cc him so he cant go.  Its highly picked in korean meta, because of his splitpush power. But is not that simple. He is not that strong in top lane. Used to be a really safe pick, but with all the anti-health meta, playing vs elise por example would be really hard. And if you watch CJ ENTUS Frost replays where CloudTemplar plays shen the team always let him get cs, so he can get items to 1v1 people and splitpush by his own. It's not as simple as, pick shen and go splitpush, cause if you have no sunfire/witsend/warmogs  (2 /3) you will probably lose 1v1.
1	This argument, though frustrating from Dyrus' perspective, was not that bad. I understand that it sucks to have to deal with constant harassment from a teammate, but people are not perfect, and Reginald isn't always this extreme. And even in this extreme example, nothing serious occurred.   When people live with each other, conflict is inevitable. It's getting beyond that conflict, and learning to forgive each other that makes a team/friendship stronger.   All of this Reginald hate isn't going to help. Sure he's obstinate, and dogging Dyrus unfairly, but this small of a fight is meaningless in context of the rest of their relationship as friends. And you guys whiteknighting for Dyrus isn't going to change anything, or make Dyrus feel better.
1	Hey mate. im the Zed from last game. How does it come that you are on Gold~Plat mmr with a dia 5 account?   Thats a boost, for sure.   Edit: i played vs him and he played normal tryndamere at first. Got ganked and died and started proxying after. He was really really bad at proxying and ran through our base without any reason and even died after it. I mean he was at toplane and could have escaped through the jungle but ran into our base as a squishy tryndamere at lvl 7 or 8 and suicided. And he didnt even take much attention from me, i wasted like 10 sec to kill him, and thats definetly worth it when i get 250g for him.   And Also he said in chat "doesnt matter, am dia 5" or "idc im diamond!!" or "im AMAZING IM DIAMOND"
1	You say this like it's an original idea.  People have been doing this for every IP since 3D printers have been available to the public, and they almost always get shut down because it's illegal.
0	I couldn't agree more. Nobody really cares. It's not a battle to be won. We love in a free society were people get to choose what to believe. War terminology implies force, implies making people "see the atheist light" for the truth it is.   The meme is correct, and a person has to fail pretty hard as introspection and awareness to not be able to see that this is true.
1	While true, this doesn't mean you're suddenly not copying Protato anymore, it's still nearly identical and you'll most likely remain in his shadow. The constant champion taunts and joke spams were unnecessary and frankly just a tad annoying.   I'd suggest listening to Nristu, find your own niche or speciality, something that sets you apart. The lack of commentary during the games doesn't differentiate all that much, if all it makes your variation seem even cheaper.
1	Thanks for the comment.   Firstly, the small dash "backwards" only occurs against melee attack so no need to worry about wonkiness of the mechanic.   For the (Edit: original ultimate, it still has very low counter play. Sure, I know you are targetable,hence I said ALMOST untargetable in the first content section but I did ask people to skip that if they can't be bothered so its my fault. Also the enemy deciding where she will end up after it is a counter play but not really the best as the damage still goes through and if she kill and shreds a people or two, during the ulti, its already successful ulti.   For the tenacity, you do have a good point point.   Try reading the ultimate content (3rd section) if you are not too sure from the
0	As there are many different types of sources, I'll link you to the scholar page.
0	Very true. I think the "22 at best" feeling came from saying he'd rather raise his own kid before raising someone else's. I understand that feeling, but it sounds shitty coming off that way. Then again, this is an Unpopular Opinion Puffin, I guess that's the point.
1	Thats definitely the kind of thing I want to see from high-level players. They all have the mechanics, they all have the knowledge, so you have to get tricky, not just change things to make it easier. Like when Dyrus failed his flash, but the guy chasing didn't, because it's diamond and you don't just mess up a flash like that. Except he did, and now Dyrus is safe, and the offending enemy (Wukong as it happens) is on the other side of a wall.
1	Hijacking top comment here to give a suggestion of my own:  I like the 5IP/Honour idea ,  however  at this current rate, it can  easily be abused  to give the user  45IP  per game just by spamming honour.  My suggestion : Let's combine your MVP idea with my own, and make it so that  every user  is allowed to distribute  1 honour per game . The player that receives the  most honour  is classified as the  MVP . This way, players only earn 5IP a game which is a non-abusable amount IMO, and there will be a fair and just way to dictate who the MVP is. Several notes to make on this system:     It should only be used in Solo Queue Ranked . And honour distribution should be disabled for Duo Queue and Team Ranked.  Reason? Abuse . In Normals I don't think people should have an MVP system as it would encourage people to always win and never try out new and exciting combinations (Plus it's a normal I don't an MVP is necessary there anyway).     This system can allow RIOT to change the Ribbon Thresholds . With this new system,  honour will be earned  and hard to earn as well. With only 1 honour allowed per game, you can  let the threshold for a Ribbon be an exact number   E.G   Reach 50 Teamwork honours to obtain a green ribbon.  or a number that can be realistically obtained in a Season.
1	Rioters suck balls on LoL, wouldn't be fun to watch. Essentially time they could use to improve the game and scene will be wasted on a lesser useless cause.   I mean what's the point in mixing teams up, that defies the purpose. Top players wont do this, waste of their time, effort and majority will lose money.
1	Not that it is the point of the post, but I'll bite (once). There are some important stats you will learn to look at that help analyze what happened that I think you might have missed. Maybe this is useful information for you in the future.   It's normals.   I had my name on 16/19 kills. I had a significantly positive ratio, but mid/late game we got rolled and I was primary target for their entire team to dive. The enemy team never pushed like you would expect them to and just killed me over and over. My randoms didn't want to surrender so we kept playing despite the enemies dragging it out.   My buddy used all 5 pots doing blue/wolves and had to back before he could do red. He did not leave our jungle for over 30 minutes. Notice his 4/19 kills. In other words, lack of masteries led us into a man-down game and it snowballed.   It's normals.
1	Actually I wasn't being condescending to OP,  I was mearly stating that he was proud of his achievement and wanted to show it to reddit rather than  it being informative like the title would suggest.
1	No more outrunning Irelia as AD carry.  Queen of toplane again.
0	This is the same thing I've been wondering this whole time that Snowden has been going off the deep end. Even going back to the patriot act my life, freedom, and happiness have literally not been affected at all by the government keeping an eye on me and everyone else, which, as you say, has been a thing since way before this recent circlejerk has started. If anything I'd venture to say that these three things have been enhanced. Now days if some asshat with a Guy Fawkes mask starts lobbing grenades it my town's city hall while hollering, "FREEDOM," and thereby endangering my life, making me unhappy, and limiting my freedom to safely walk downtown, I can better trust that my government can find him based on the pictures the person took on his phone and uploaded to facebook of himself in the mask and holding a grenade with the message, "gonna blow up the government #revolution swag." And just as another note, if anyone posted pictures like that (and I've definitely seen people do that and worse) but then didn't actually become a terrorist, they would receive no government attention because there was no crime to investigate. As reddit has aptly demonstrated we are more than free to say whatever we want on the internet.
1	There was a game I had about a year ago. I was mid (Lux) and I luckily got really really fed and farmed up. Our AD carry (Tristana) was also fed and farmed as F*** and kickin ass and taking no names.   I cannot remember who anyone else on our team was, only that the tristana did nothing but split push late game leaving us to 4 vs 5 fights which we would lose. Tristana would then die to a 3 man gank whilst pushing top or bot whilst the other two chiseled at our towers.   I vividly remember literally begging the Tristana for just one team fight with all 5 of us from 30:00 minutes in the game to 1 hour and 15ish minutes where we eventually lost a team fight at our nexus towers with tristana pushing their bot inhib tower. They just destroyed the nexus with Trist still top. Our team was so ahead it wasnt even funny but they just kept trading kills with us until they were successfully able to 5 vs 4 us.   This game still haunts me so much I get chills watching Shen split pushing. Every french person reminds me of him also.
1	Hello,   Optional intro: I'll be honest. I've spent 2 years posting on this sub, but lately I've been feeling like it was becoming an increasingly hostile place. A similar thing happened a while back with GD and I'm hoping that /r/lol will be different. I've tended to be a bit of a contrarian on a few topics but I've always felt like I had a finger on what the general population thought. But this was the last straw. This is exactly the opposite of what I have been saying for years. I thought a while about raging and posting sarcastic comments but instead, I'll try to soldier on and try to engage this topic.   Let's begin this back in beta. One of the biggest complaints about LoL in comparison to other dota clones of that day, was that LoL's champions were extremely simple.   The reasons behind this move was purely marketing and not game design related. Easy to play, hard to master was a mantra repeated by Riot staff and it was extremely successful in garnering a large casual fan base. What players like me took from this was an implicit promise that once LoL got off the ground, that's when they would bring out the real guns. Many players, including myself, tolerated this for a future payout.   This assumption has largely come true (with a few exceptions). The rate at which Riot has been adding new mechanics has been accelerated in the past year or so. Sometimes I feel like they aren't even doing it fast enough or being bold enough with new stuff.   So, what I'm really trying to say is that you guys who want simple champs, you've had your turn already. Simplicity has been Riot's priority since beta. I think the game has had enough time to grow now and its time to shake up the champ creation formula. Look at this list below (with RECENT champs) and tell me that these mechanics are not formulaic re-skinned versions of the same thing:     skillshot damage (optional slow or CC). This is the Q for Rek (burrowed), Kalista, Azir, Gnar, Braum, Vel, Yasuo, Lissandra, Zac, Quinn.    circle AOE damage (optional knockup or slow). This is included in the kits of Rek, Gnar, Vel, Yasuo, Aatrox.    jump or dash into an open area: Rek's tunnel, Azir E, Gnar E, Lucian E.     We seldom get truly unique or complex mechanics like Rek's footstep vision or Gnar's uncontrollable ult or Kalista's auto-step and even these champs are "half-assed" because they feel like they have to include the familiar and fomulaic mechanics described above. Complaints like this just make sure that we'll keep getting more clones. Think about a unique champ like singed. More complaints like this and his Q will be turned into a single target damage skillshot that applies poison.
1	Sure it's not as organized as a real tournament and sure it's somewhat like a solo q game.  Except for the fact that it's not really either.  Sure you could say these teams are not official, but at the same time, both China and Korea spent 2 weeks before NA and EU training because they found out their teams earlier.  Also China and Korea have higher gaming infrastructure allowing them to practice in the conditions of a real team.  Sure you could say they are not a real team.  But a group of 5 very talented individuals, training 12 hours a day for a month with both coaches and analysts with over 20+ amazing pro-am teams for scrimming.  I'm sure the Allstar team from both Korea and China could put the regular rostered teams a run for their money.  It's not like Solo q in the sense they got put together 10 seconds before the game.  They have weeks to prepare with an enormous amount of resources.  Considering those options, Korea still shit on China with absolutely no sign of a comeback in China's favor.
0	Rogers called me the other day and tried to sell me a $5 add on to my cell plan that would reduce the amount it costs per minute to call long distance or out of country. I never call anybody out of the country ever, or at least I haven't in years. I don't plan on it either.   I told the girl this and she insisted I would be saving a bunch of money with this new add-on to my plan...which is an extra $5 a month. I had to explain to her pretty well that I never call long distance so I wouldn't be saving any money at all. She tried to add in...."well, for the rare time you will call long distance this plan will greatly help".   I had to make it verrrry clear I didn't want the add-on, explaining that even if I do make a long distance call once or twice it wouldn't even compare to having to pay an extra $5 a month.   Even at the end of the conversation, she said, "So, we'll be adding this onto your bill for you. You will be saving."   They've been trying to contact me for like weeks but I kept ducking the number because I didn't know who it was, plus they never left me a voice mail letting me know. When I picked up the phone and she told me how glad she was to finally get in contact with me I thought it would be way more important than what it was.....   Not to make a huge complaint about Rogers or anything though, this is the first time they've tried to sell me something like that. If I made out of country calls all the time I WOULD be saving money, but I don't.   Edit: It's her job to sell hard, I get that. I'm just giving an example of what I experienced.
0	People of the United States v. Confession Bear (2013). This was a landmark case in the fight for the use of online Confession Bears as evidence in the court of law. The case was brought to the attention of the Supreme Court by a person named OP who challenged a judge's verdict of a life sentence based on the evidence of an online Confession Bear. The defendant, OP, pleaded karma as his defense. He was sentenced to a life in prison, as mentioned above. He then challenged this sentencing by appealing to the Supreme Court. The Court upheld the judge's verdict 5-4 and set a precedent that memes are allowed as evidence in the court of law. The dissenting opinion wrote that you can't believe anything on the internet, especially when it comes in the form of a meme.
0	i had to help with upgrading to windows 7 for a big company with offices scattered around the area.... it was a nightmare. upgrading the older hardware wasn't too bad but scheduling people to pick up their existing work computers, backing up the data, upgrading it then reloading the data took time and many people miss their appointments then get pissed off that their computer isn't upgraded like bob beside them... not to mention the software capability issues, new software bugs, network problems from upgraded sites, new and old mail transfering issues... and this still happened after a year of planning the move from XP to Windows 7.
1	Most champions can be categorized like this:   Easy to play yet hard to master in higher elo play, due to simple kit. (ie. Akali) Not played competitively. Rarely played in high elo, considered overpowered in low elo.   Hard to play, hard to master, easy to outplay opponents in higher elo player, due to multifunctional kit with lots of possibilities. (ie. Zed) Often played competitively. Not overpowered and well balanced.
0	Started dating when we were 18.  Married at 21.  We were pretty great together, and seemed like we had a lot of common life goals and ideals.  Specifically around family.  We both very much wanted kids, and I worked hard to excel in my career so I could be the provider if she chose to be a stay at home mom.  The initial goal was to be financially stable and in a house prior to bringing kids into the picture.  We figured around the time we were 26ish.   We bought too much house at the height of the market, and have been upsidedown since just after moving in...   She started to get really frustrated with work herself.  And was more upset that she didn't have a master's degree to move up in her company.  I put my education goals aside (we could only afford 1 master program at the time) in the hopes that shed be happier with work.   During this time, i started doing very well at work.  I put my bonuses to work on the house, uodating the kitchen, the lighting... put in wood flooring, etc.  We replaced both AC units and put in solar panels.   Even though I was reaching my goals, we had passed the point where we were going to start trying to have kids...  and I was getting frustrated myself.   One of the last things on our list to update was the backyard.  I designed it to have rock features, a fountain, nice pavers, and a small grassy area for a play set.   Sunk almost $12,000.   Shortly after the yard was complete, she told me she didn't want kids anymore.  She had been unhappy for a while, but didnt know how to talk to me about it because she hadnt known that she fell out of love.  Our sex life immediately ceased.  I moved my stuff into a guest room, and we began a 9 month process to determine where we were, and if there was anything left to save.  It became pretty clear that she wasnt sure what she wanted, and I was hoping it was an early midlife crisis that she would push through...   Ultimately, we looked at where we had come, evaluated where we were going, and determined neither of us would be happy if we stayed together.  Ive let go of the what I put into the house (it wasnt worth fighting and dragging things out).  Its been hard, but ive let go if the goals I set aside for myself (family and school) to try and make her happy.   And it is for the best.  Ive actually met someone much more in line with my goals.  We've been together for 5 months now.  And being past the early 20s growing phase, we are both confident that we know what we are looking for.  I just turned 30 and am confident I will have my family someday.   Note: I have no reason to beleive my ex-wife ever went outside the marriage.  I know she still hasn't really decided what she wants.  And I know from mutual friends that she hasnt started dating yet.  There are still financial obligations, but outside of that we dont talk much.
1	Lots of people seem to prefer just reading 2-3 words as it is easier to digest nowadays, figured I'd make it easy.
0	This talk about smartboards reminds me of one of my high school teachers.   Disclaimer:  What follows is a mostly rambling memory of something that happened in high school.  It's probably not that interesting to you.   He was an old guy, at least 60, and had been teaching all his life.  He knew a bit about how to surf the internet because he absolutely loved the news, and pretty much all you did in his class was watch news stories from all sorts of sources, especially [Democracy Now](  He didn't really know anything about any other kind of technology though.  He could barely get the VCR to work.   Anyway, he had a smart board in his room, which made absolutely no sense because he didn't share his classroom with any other teachers, and it just covered up half his white board that he was constantly writing on.  So one day in class he's writing up a storm of notes and runs out of room.  So he looks at the smart board and then at us students and says "I wonder if I can write on this thing?" we all told him no and he goes "I bet it'll come off."  So he writes a few sentences on the board, then stops and goes "I should probably see if this will erase before I keep going."  Well, what we learned that class is that dry erase marker doesn't come off a smart board.
1	Okay, seeing as you posted this already I don't think there's a reason for me to make a post myself. I just wanted to underline a very very important point Monte made in game 2. Sorry for the rant.   It doesnt matter if Link/Xmithie/whoever underperformed and I really dislike the big reaction that came out of these games: "omg bench X, there is no way CLG will be any good with them"   [2nd Game at 49:40 beginning]( is what I'm talking about. Or at [52:45]( "that's not Xmithies fault, that's picks and bans being terrible."   For the people that don't want to watch the whole thing (no problem with that), just listen to what he says instead of maybe jumping to conclusions from the match itself or the post-match  "discussion" thread  played game 1 and 2 just as good, if not better than TL and even if Link and Xmithie hit all their skillshots/lay wastes/gold cards Team Liquid would still have won the series overall. TL was better prepared from what I can tell, both mentally and ingame-strat wise and they were the better team. Instead of looking at individual play from CLG members we should look at the bigger problems, namely pick/ban and (imo) crumbling under pressure. Because I think CLG know they could have picked better, Xmithie knows he can hit those ults and Links TF is not as bad as he is made out to be in this series.
1	Sometimes, if you don't find him to be that great of a duo partner, just play normals together instead, so the outcome won't matter as much.   When I was in silver-gold, I had the same problems with my friends, league or real life. After finding out the duoing didn't work out for whatever reason(rage, not taking it seriously, mechanics, etc.), I just told them that I prefer solo queuing and now I am Diamond 4. I never blamed them, because I knew they wouldn't listen and that would result in endless arguments. Today we still are good friends.
1	This may sound silly but i think it is the best way to get your Elo up. Play support, nothing but support, why? Becuase then your map awarness will increase by enourmous amounts and try not to rage at people. You will end up with retard ad's who make your life miserable but just suck it up, try to ping/ward for the others in your team. After a while with playing support you should move on to your favorite position and with all the things you have learned about awarness will help you win most of the time.
1	Xerath's innate penetration coupled with a   can sometimes offset the need for penetration runes. IMO he works well with movespeed, scaling MR, scaling/flat AP,  mana regen  and cooldown reduction. A huge chunk of Xerath's burst is in his ult, and CDR enables you to have it up more (though itemizing it can initially hurt total burst); if you want CDR, good choices are  ,  , and situationally   or  . Total glasscannon-AP works on Xerath, though, since his passive grants him a nice bit of armor and Locus of Power's utility is amazing.   His stun tends to be a one-point wonder since it scales pretty well with AP alone -- the decision of balancing spec between Arcanopulse and Locus of Power usually leans toward Arcanopulse, though Locus of Power's long early cooldown might warrant a couple extra points pre-9, especially if your lane opponent picks up   or  .   Xerath may seem 'difficult' due to being reliant on skillshots, but if you have solid mechanics he's no different than other mages. His primary damage-dealing attacks are all AoE, though; positioning is as key to playing Xerath as it would be any AD carry.   Though you'll have that armor steroid, you're not  ,   or  . You're more like   -- you won't perform optimally up close and personal or with a tanky-AP build. I would even go so far as to dissuade picking up  .   In lane, don't burn too much mana. Your poke is great, but pre-blue only poke to either counterpush or learn how your lane opponent jukes Arcanopulse. Mage Chains only stuns if you can land a second ability, and if you can, great!  Otherwise, conserve your mana and don't get cocky just because you have huge range.   Post-6, your lane opponent won't want to 1v1 unless they know they can outplay you (read: they know you miss Q/R) or they don't know your burst is amazing. The latter is surprisingly common. In teamfights, stay back, deal tons of damage and zoom zoom zoom.   Build goals are rarely different from other standard AP mids.   is good,   should be mandatory,   gives you kiting power (don't buy if you chose  -> ).   If cooldown reduction is something you plan on itemizing,   and nothing else unless you never have access to blue buff. Never   unless you have absolutely no forms of healing reduction on your team and the enemy team is   -- if that does happen, chances are you're playing blind pick.   I haven't found an 'optimal' set of masteries for Xerath; whether you pick up CDR, MPen, MR, or movespeed, he'll benefit positively.
1	Yeah, support is in a worse place now then it was last season. You have more "power" and can make more impact on the game at times, but you can only play 3 champions. Picking anything else and you are just picking a worse champ.   Last season of the top of my head you commonly saw Sona, Lulu, Thresh, Ali, Taric (in NA LCS; replace Ali with Zyra and you get EU). With a heavy drop off after that for other supports. Outside of LCS you saw pretty much everything.   Now though you see Leona, Thresh or Annie 90% of the time inside and outside of LCS. I get why people want to play those 3, they are playmakers that scale with gold. Most of the traditional supports got gutted by having them scale utility wise with gold. I think the dorans nerf will help with this allowing something other then a bully support.
0	This is hardly related, but I once met a dude at a party who remembered just a shitload about me. He described, in perfect detail, a field trip that we took in cub-scouts when we were toddlers. It was as if we had been friends our entire lives and I had just neglected him or something. I felt so awkward until later that night, when it was revealed to me that he did the same thing with everyone he met. Like, the dude remembered everything that had ever happened to him in perfect clarity. I ended up sitting in my buddy's garage and just having him dig up all of these memories of mine that I hadn't thought of in several years. He described people that I had known during my childhood that had since faded almost entirely from memory and shed light on what exactly my friends and I were like as children. It was fucking awesome.
0	I used to think the Taco Bell diarrhea thing was a made up joke too.  Then I stopped eating Taco Bell for about a year.  When I had Taco Bell again, I got horrible diarrhea.  I thought, eh...it's just a one time thing.  Had it again, diarrhea again.  Probably had Taco Bell 3-4 times since and each time I'm like "damn, forgot I get that diarrhea now"  So yeah, it's a real thing.  Apparently if you eat Taco Bell regularly (as I did) you build up an immunity.
1	You are a scholar and gentleman. Just crazy to hear that someone has 300 skins. Good for you man, you see this industry in a way I wish most people did, however, I also wish I had more expendable income to be able to do the same. I have been playing about 6 months and have about 68 champs and a fair amount of skins as well. I have put money back into Riot because LoL makes me happy and I'm not blowing my money on dumb shit like alcohol which is what most people my age(21) do. Sure, $100 for 15k rp sounds like a lot, but I have friends who go blow $70-$80 a night every weekend at the bar. I would much rather have the RP and a sixer of good craft beer than listen to drunken idiots scream at each other whilst drinking Natural Light.
1	I don't agree with most of that, Morgana binding is a skill shot, learn to dodge. It's slower than a blitz hook, give me a damn break. Also, Cait is still a top tier adc as well. A lot of adc mains haven't realized our jobs changed this season, our job now is to kill the enemy tank line.   Rarely will you be so far ahead you can destroy the entire enemy team like we could last season. I never count on being able to do that. Yeah some adc are stronger lane bullies than others but honestly there's a pretty solid balance of early vs late game power for the vast majority of adc's (sorry Quinn).
0	After one night of heavy drinking at a local bar, I took home with me one ,smoking hot, woman. As things got heated, she began taking my clothes off. I immediately followed by taking her clothes off. Right about the time for penetration to happen, she reaches in her genitalia and pulls out a tampon filled with blood. I was shocked! But I was so hot and heavy, I took a deep breath and preceded to have full on coitus with her. After, I was so disgusted , I couldn't ever look at her, or a tampon the same way ever again.
0	Since it's on the same topic, I didn't want to break this chain so I'm commenting to you. But, Jalbert425, I urge you research (not just define) the term Minimum Wage. It is set for the purpose of, "This is the minimum amount of money you have to pay someone for working for you, based of today's current cost of living." That's why that rate of pay changes on the geography of one country. One state or province (Yay Canada) might have a different cost of living than another so the wages residing these small areas change.
0	We were training on the use of a new software system.  We were all in a conference room, and the software vendor was remotely doing the training via phone and netmeeting, so we see their desk top.  The trainer is a computer programmer.  Her browser was IE with 3 Bing toolbars installed.  BEST PART:  in one of the search boxes was the text "man with dog head"   when we noticed we had to mute because we couldn't stop our giggling.
1	On a serious note. Unless you can reproduce it at a decent rate (like, at least 30% of the time) it's difficult to find the root. I play a reasonable amount of Thresh and rarely run into it. The only time I recall it doing it was when a snare was done at the same time, could have been coincidence though.
1	I think that if you truly don't belong in your Elo you should just solo queue ranked on your free time and eventually it'll even out. I used to be scared of playing Ranked for whatever reason when I was back in 900 elo, but then I just manned up and did ranked. Starting at 900 elo during my first 10 games (going 3-7 in my placement matches), now 60 games later I have a score of 48W-35L and close to 1300, and still climbing.   And for those wondering, I play every role, even support. When an AD carry during champion select looks auspicious, I offer to be their support (Janna 4-1, Soraka 3-1).   The best W/L I have (I think) is jungling, 10-4 on Nunu and 7-0 on Rammus.   AP burst casters are better at this Elo than a more niche like Nidalee. Although I 90% of the time dominate my lane with Nidalee, come mid-late game teams don't understand the concept of poking and just straight up initiate, which is where Nidalee is weak.   Also have good luck playing AD carries (just go mid with them, you'll never find a good support at low elo), Ashe: 7-3-8 6W-2L, Corki: 11-3-12 5W-2L
1	If you're trying to attribute it to luck, or "a curse", then there's already a  major  issue with your attitude towards Ranked.   Not every thing is skill based in LoL; not by a long shot. But  none  of it is down to either one of those elements. And why? Because they don't exist. If you got crit when the opponent had a meager 10% chance, that's RNG doing its work and that's just plain unfortunate; but chances are, it's your attitude that doesn't carry games.   It also does not help that you only provide the KDAs of  you , without any further detail. KDAs mean nothing, in the grand scheme of things. Sure, a higher KDA ratio tends to lead to more won games, but you're not going to do that by flaming, being condescending, not contributing to team synergy or otherwise keeping your team down.   Here's an example of [what attitude can do for you.](   And because my word probably doesn't account for much, I'm going to throw a [well-respected person's opinion]( out there, as well.   To clarify; if you are implying (to any extent) that ELO Hell exists (being as you're "stuck"), then I'd like to hastily [disparage that idea]( straight away.   And, for the sake of flavour, we'll go from straight & white male to gay & black male, telling you [why you're stuck in "the ELO Hell".](   You may also appreciate a small article talking about whether you [deserve to be higher rank or not.](   Note: [Cloth5]( has  incredibly  great articles for theorycrafting, ideologies, mindsets and general LoL badassery.
0	I am a huge GOT fan. So lemme explain. The problem with the show is characters...in that there are too damn many of them.   I watched the first episode three to four times simply to get my flatmate off my back (he is batshit crazy sorta fan and had read the books). I just couldn't catch the whole craze scene going on. I was beginning to understand what the show was about but still couldn't relate to the characters.   So one evening, after one too many beers had been consumed, he started off on a half hour soliloqui of all the various Houses and a brief overview of the main characters. I saw the first episode again, then the second and then the last season. I stopped watching since i started reading the books.   There are plot differences between the show and the books, but in MHO it doesnt matter if you read first or watch first.
1	Making lots of money doesn't super rich,  most of their money probably goes to the owners, to build up the game, and investors.   Updating splash arts is low priority, because they don't effect gameplay, %user use of the game, and because they already have an asset that they paid money for that does it's job efficiently well. They don't need to worry about updating because not updating won't hurt game, or stop making them money really.   Also they don't hire people off of deviantArt because while they are talented, most don't draw in the visual style that Riot wants to push or it would be to costly/time consuming to hire someone to find/commision them. (They would probably have to devote hours of the existing art teams time, or hire more people to start up a replace old art team) I know it sounds easy, like you could just have people vote on reddit or something, but still that is time and money out of riots pockets, for something that effectively doesn't really benifit riot as a whole to do.
1	Also speaking as a jungler main, for those mid laners who dont buy a ward after your first back, you are basically screaming to get ganked.  Too many times I have seen mid laners after they back to spend all their gold on purely items when they should be (and they know they should be, but are consumed by greed) bypassing that item and getting at least 1 ward for one of the ramps.  And when I say ramps I mean the actual ramps themselves, not the mid side brushes.  Having either one of those ramps warded will help either side lanes in terms of vision control, and it annoys me to no great end that a mid laner complains about getting ganked so hard when its obvious that they haven't warded the ramps.  As a jungler, I do not mind buying ONE ward to cover the ramp that you did not ward, but to me, if you dont even bother, you are a selfish player and is undeserving of a blue buff.
0	Some people feel that if they can't give a child everything it deserves in life, then they shouldn't have the child.   Some people? I'm pretty sure every single person who has ever even considered getting an abortion believes that, at least to some extent. That's  why  people  get  abortions to begin with. Feeling like you can't care for a child doesn't mean you can't ALSO feel guilty, depressed, anxious, etc. about the procedure. I've known many women who got abortions, and even the most rational minded ones who knew they were doing the right thing had confusing and conflicting emotions about it. It's more complicated than just "Oh, well I know what I'm doing is right and therefore will never experience any bad feelings about what I'm doing ever."
1	If you are farming by yourself and you think "wow if I was on the other team I would be a easy gank" get the hell back now, don't think "ill just finish this wave then go back" the amount of times i've died just from wanting to finish a creep way is ridiculous.
1	The mods have lately been removing many comments and have been getting some hate for it ( I admit to disliking the extreme comment removing myself a bit as I'm always curious what was posted)   But then I realized, why do we keep upvoting those things? When someone says something stupid/less informed, the post calling him a retard will often get more upvotes than the post calmly explaining the person why he's wrong. The post posting constructive feedback will get less upvotes than the post making a racist joke.   I think it's our job to just stop upvoting those things, and also report them. And this is not only in the case of racism. Keep in mind that calling people retarded or fat or nolifes in their mother basements or WHATEVER could hurt people's feelings shouldn't be posted here. Let us change this so we don't need to have these mod enforcings. Let's show them what content we want and do not want !
1	LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of any league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
1	I see the role now as a utility caster. Most supports have some silly stuns, slows, boosts, etc.   So I pick supports like nami still, but rather than playing every support the same, now I have an impact in fights, my damage is not comparable to vaynes sure, but Nami for example has a tremendous amount of slow and CC which can at times be MORE impactful than damage.   And now that slows and such scale with AP those spells become even more potent as time goes on
0	Green Vibrance,   You can get an economy size at your local CVS/Vitaminshoppe/GNC/etc.   Make her a fruit/protein smoothie in the mornings and add spoon of this probiotic stuff. Her smells will go away in a few weeks.
1	But blue build got nerfed and EZ's ratios are still bad. He has to be god tier to even equal an average Lucian, Twitch or Jinx.   Twitch also benefited from the fact when he became popular was when the then current trinity got nerfed. It wasn't the VU that made him popular again. Graves, Sivir and EZ fell out of play. Jinx got nerfed. Tanks got buffed and late games ADCs were gaining popularity. My favorite adc Ashe was a thing awhile.   WW my main is a thing right now because of his shred. Malphite has been relatively untouched but comes in and out the meta because of nerfs to people who fit the same niche as him. It's not that people find a new build, it's that people get nerfed or items do. Olaf, EZ, Galio, GP, Old Skarner, Old Rengar, Old Riven are examples of their items getting nerfed or them themselves being nerfed to the ground so they got pushed out the meta.   Riven came back with buffs and buffs to the items she uses. This is actually needed by some old champions.
1	I feel like i am the only one who hates the
1	You described in your thread how it can be exploited.   Imagine, by any chance, you have 2 players A and B in your friendlist who are playing vs each other then you could spectate A to help B.   This is more likely to happen in higher elo but can also happen in lower elo.   Imagine a streamer playing and you see he plays vs a friend you like to troll. Then you can spectate him and tell the streamer where the jungler ganks etc.   It is also very likely that 3rd party programs will find a way to exploit it so that everyone can be spectated in real time.
0	You just seem lacking proper insight to understand any other side to an argument than your own. The fact that you resort to a simplistic attempt to debase any attempt at a proper debate and lack etiquette in regards to which I would consider you far below my own capabilities and intelligence, is painfully obvious and causes amusement. I doubt you have much in the way of education or world view in and of yourself, which only serves to make you a hypocrite as well! The point, simply stated for your convenience, seems to have flown far above your head. The simple economics and dynamics of various types of services also escapes you given that you lump military service along with standard commercial services. You also refuse to acknowledge there are two sides to a coin by making a case at the opposite end of a bell curve where the majority or single parents in the lower age bracket and in the majority are either financially stable by other means, including child support, or are simply a mistake made by the parent and a consequence of an action. Social injustices are far less than you say they are, in today's age.
1	I think you have a skewed idea of what tanks are though. The idea behind a tank is that they go in first and soak up damage while your dps and support do work behind you. There isn't a utility requirement for someone to be called a tank. Typically a bruiser is someone who sits in between being a tank and a squishy, being able to output a fair amount of damage but still being quite healthy.
1	This post is seriously so fucking stupid, it perfectly en captures the smug self satisfying personality of redditors. Hurr durr   "So over the past month or so we have heard over and over how to raise elo by just playing one op champ you like."   "Suddenly it hit me on what I needed. First I needed to pick the op champ that I loved"   Suddenly it hit you, where did you get that brilliant idea that is the same fucking thing as what you just typed?   "I'm a bad troll. A really really bad troll. I'm a nice guy what can I say"   Can you just say you're a bad troll, not conclude the reason being you have some kind of overpowering good quality that keeps you from being a troll, jesus fucking christ.   Not to mention the whole thing strays off topic and is a big clump of worthless fucking characters,
0	This is something I simply do not understand. My ex did this to me and another one of her friends (whom she left me for). Why do women decide to up and date friends? I was under the impression that once you put a guy in the friend zone, he remains there for all eternity? If anything I think this is a valuable lesson for women to learn.
1	If I click statistics it say summoner's rift ranked and shows me mostly champs I played in 3v3 ranked on twisted treeline because I mainly played 3v3 this season (only played 6soloq games).   Dunno if there is anyway to difference the stats out of the riot API...
1	AD on bonetooth nerfed, not on abilities.   A skill shot? Oh no, now i have to have the mental capacity of at least an ant to play him.   Removed tankiness in exchange for an AD debuff so he can duel better, which he was designed for.   Removed stealth in exchange for the ability to chase better.   And ult consumes ferocity to increase duration. (Side note: If you knew what you were doing, you'd have five ferocity, activate Q then ult immediately, then strike when you had 5 ferocity again so you could triple Q meaning that youd have no ferocity to consume with your ult anyways.)
0	That's because people are taking a term that means "seasoned" or "experienced" and trying to turn it into something else so they can feel cool.
1	The thing is, for pro players the meta is a reliable way to find out which champion you should play. This is because pro players are the best players in the world, and they know so much about the game and can constantly figure out which champions are stronger than others. The thing is, the meta isn't a group of champions that are insanely much stronger than other champions, they are champions who are just a bit better than others, and pro players can exploit these champions. But low elo players usually don't know why a champion is strong, and don't know how to play the champions to the fullest, which makes all the champions pretty equal.
0	Even if guns are made illegal, they will still sell to somebody. More than likely, that somebody will be actual criminals. Sort of like illegal drugs. However, if you have a higher percent of the population- law abiding citizens- who are armed, then said citizens will be better able to defend themselves and those around them.
1	The thing is about having a higher mmr then your division is not detrimental, i went from plat to silver in my bo10 and recovered my mmr before even leaving silver, now that i'm in gold with still a plat mmr if i win i win 30+ points and if i lose its about 10 points. That means that in order for me to climb to my current mmr is EASIER then going down, if i go 50/50 and win my promos i'll reach platinum sometime and i don't know why so much people care about your division, so many people flamed me hard when i got matched up with plats 3-5 and i was silver 1, they simply assumed i was a fucktard even without the match beginning which is really annoying.
1	From the people who brought you Meteos' Ego and DrunkScarra. They bring you Thorin's Ego.   ^^^^
0	I'm actually called AssRaptorz because of a 1980s buddy cop movie about a hard-boiled detective who also happens to be a velociraptor. His favorite food is a big juicy ass; it's his one weakness. Then his whole world gets turned upside down when he loses his partner during a shoot out and meets his new partner: a rookie with a heart of gold and dreams of actually making a difference in this crime-ridden old city. The only problem is...he's an ass. A giant talking ass. Wackiness ensues.   Will our protagonist succumb to his primal raptor urges and devour his partner, or will the power of friendship conquer all?
1	You should really give him a go. I'm a talon main and I wreck face whenever I personally use him. The thing is his single target burst is fantastic, and his w and r alone gives you 4 stacks of black cleaver on the entire enemy team setting your ADC up for cleaning up (that is if your not already doing it yourself). If they aren't a bruiser or mordekaiser, you pretty much always get a kill lv 6 granted you burst correctly. His w kinda tickles them at first and early game, but his ad scaling is GODLIKE(check his wiki page) so once you got some ad, your a monster. And don't buy a Triforce. Repeat don't buy a Triforce. People think it is really good with his q, but the fact is it ONLY really benefits his q. If you buy a BT for 1k less gold, your still increasing his q for roughly the same damage but also increasing the damage his w and r do as well. His q allows a double aa so he can push turrets like crazy, and his w can farm entire minion waves. Double buff IMO benefits him more then it would normally benefit a champion because of red procing his passive and blue giving him infinite fuel. Is short, he's fucking awesome. He even has a badass assassin's hood. If you even read this I'll post some links you should check out if your willing to reconsider IMO one of the biggest sleeper OP champs there are.
0	OP here. For everyone bitching about why I left it in my car, they were in an unmarked black book bag on the floor underneath the dash underneath a jacket. And I left them in there while I went into a store that doesn't allow backpacks, and this happened while I was parked in one of the nicest areas of DC during broad daylight.
1	ALSO FUCK KASSADIN   The unkillable, unlimited flashes are ridiculous for soloq just get rid of the champion. Do what they did in Dota and atleast ban him from ranked, like Drow ranger. He has an easy laning phase with shield and deals insane amounts of damage and can then run away.   The champions isnt fun to play against. My last game I was carrying hard and he is an unkillable one shot machine.
0	As a student of many classes and two states, I must say, PROJECTORS and CHEAP TRANSPARENT SHEETS. They are VERY cheap, most any school can afford them, while having 50+ very large monitors setting in the library, ready to be used by any of the teachers at any time, and to be used for educational videos, for the class.. In Michigan, we just used white-boards and markers, WORKED FINE. In Michigan and quite a bit through school in NC, we simply used projectors!
0	Adrenaline/anticipation/etc. can run off after a 5 hour run. I agree once you are able to run 10-12 miles you probably have the endurance to run a marathon, BUT you may not have the mindset. There is definitely a mental focus (actually it is a lack thereof, being able to kind of put your running legs in cruise control and forget you are running kind of thing) that you need to be able to run a distance like that. I don't care what anyone says 1/2 marathon, 5 k, whatever, none of those distances are anything like a marathon.
1	what you need to start a pro scene is not gaming houses, coaching stuff or similar things you see right now.  what you need is competition, regular competition outside of those soloq/team q games.   We see this problem in the amateur scene of NA and EU as well, where due to the lack of tournments, small teams cannot become stable, they lack the income as well as the regular competition.   The first thing to do would be hosting a lot of regular tournments, get those teams who want to become pro prove themselves in competitive environment. Make advertisment, get sponsors.   After you have some steady income, the next step is to invest into improving your scene.
0	For Gods sake people. Quit messing up your math trying to figure out which number is bigger and just realize that:   a) We have no idea what the margin of error is on these numbers.   b) When you discuss populations of this size, differences this small mean very little.   All that Astraea_M has 'proven' is that there are issues with the Mexican community as well. If anything, I think they are casting some doubt on Folkyourfaceoff's (completely unsourced) claim.
0	Yes!!! Thank you! I have a female friend who has been complaining on Facebook about not being able to get a job. So one of her statuses popped up saying "I can't seem to find a job. I' thinking about joining the army". Now I kind of care about this girl so I told her it was a bad choice because of her obvious intentions of joining. I told her that's not a very good reason to join. But her right-wing buddies commented on her status congratulating her and encouraging her hasty decision and giving me shit as well for what I said. One person even told me, "that's not a bad reason to join. A lot of people join because they need the money." What?! No. I would be proud to fight for my country if needed. But I'm not going to make it a "job". She ended up not going and found a job.
1	That's all fine and well, but what I am talking about is separate.  The contractual/legal shit is why  some  teams weren't paid, HOWEVER a bunch of teams had their payments DELAYED because NACL claimed they got fucked on funding.  I don't think NACL are bad guys or crooks.  Just incompetent at this early stage of their life
0	Ok then... She was cleaning the seat. If I have to sit down on public bowl (as a guy), I lather that shit up like I'm at the carwash.   I guess what OP is trying to communicate is that the bitch (contextually accurate) could have assumed OP was just cleaning the seat, but instead assumed she had a penis... because.... oh fuck I don't know. This thread is too much already.   I missed it the first time around because that jump in logic is just too unfathomable for me.
1	Thing is, Ezreal is does have damage late game.  Adcs aren't suppose to being going into the enemy team and kill their carry, that is your brusier's and jungler's job. As adc, your just suppose to sit in the back and damage everyone that you can, which most of the time are the front line people (like tanks). Because of this, it might make you feel like your not doing damage, but as an adc, you always are. Also if you land your skill shots and especially your ult in a team fight, thats 50% attack speed instantly so your autos shouldnt be slow at all. Also, imo, triforce gives enough attack speed for ez. The sheen from triforce early game is really strong as well since q procs onhits (in this case sheen) which leads to huge burst pokes if you land q's in lane and same goes for team fights if you have decent farm/kills.
1	Sorry if the abreviation bothered you, I don't actually use them that much. I read an article about abreviantions in english so i could understand most of it, english is not my first language so i got really confuse sometimes. I'm 20 years old, I work, I'm in college and im the actual master concellour of DeMolay of my city.
1	1. We don't need to lane swap   99% right regarding switching top <-> bottom.   BUT   I love having my duo-lane fastpush the  mid-lane  if they have weak early game junglers.   Often the enemies either ignore it (and then get lots of jungle invades) or completely over-commit to stop it [your ganks with a weak early game jungler won't work when a support is in the middle of the map warding - but hey, we know where you are. So our jungler can invade on his own.]...     Try it out sometimes and enjoy the enemy jungler's hate/flaming when you constantly invade him 2v1/3v2
1	Quite easy to explain actually.   Since more people are in the lower tiers of play then the higher tiers, it's the same on this subreddit, this means that a large part of the community can relate  and  empathise to "struggling in Bronze", add in a heart-warming title and image (check out popular image subreddits, heart-warming stories everywhere, "my disabled sis painted this", I just found this 1 legged kitten with an eye patch look what he's doing", massive percentage of the time on these popular image subreddits the story is either a repost or faked, for karma, and it works).   Now the second post you linked to, it's about known fixes for League, except for 99% of all players never have an technical issue when playing League, so they don't really find any use for it, it's cool and all that someone put the effort in to help those that need it but a large percentage of the "fixes" are basic shit and the majority of the player base don't need it.
0	Can anyone give me a detailed
1	I don't even smoke, but this was the best
0	I had an older guy try to sway me. Two years ago I was 23 and in my senior year of college. I had bought a rottweiler earlier that year and would take him to the park in Brookline ,MA. Mind you there were many gay guys there that I was very friendly with. One day an older guy I had never seen before approaches me and of course we get into a long conversation - politics but primarily finance related stuff. He asks me if I want to go to his place to smoke weed so naturally I said yes.   We hang out at his place for an hour and he keeps pushing more and more bowls into my face. I immediately get the vibe this guy is trying to smoke me stupid to the extent i do something that is not the norm. Richard (his actual name) then says:   Richard -So ihatecommercials have you ever given a blowjob?   Me- To a guy? No i have not because I am straight   Richard- I know plenty of straight guys who have given blowjobs. Back in college alot of guys on the rugby team used to experiment. Majority of them are married with kids now.   Me- Yeah those guys are bisexual regardless if they are married now.   Richard- No they were straight. Nothing wrong with a little experimentation.   This conversation went on for about 10 minutes with Richard not letting down. I told him I am not going to give him a blowjob but it was nice meeting him. We had exchanged numbers because he needed help getting weed but I never called or texted him back. The dog was not his but rather that of a close friend. Should have known he was prowling the park for younger guys.   I did feel unsafe at his place but my rottweiler is enormous and protective so I was not worried.
0	I don't know all the ins and outs of all religions, but I don't see what makes one religions creator any more or less credible than others. Nobody was there centuries ago when they were created, and they all require a leap of faith that atheists and science abiding individuals aren't willing to make. Joseph Smith, or the person who coined Judaism or Christianity all made a similar leap of faith, and it's not like those religions have clean hands either. There were wars over them, and I'm fairly certain most of them make enormous amounts of money off of their followers and tax free status.
0	When I was 10 years old, a friend and I found two dogs running in loose in a park by our house. They both had tags identifying them, and a number to call. So we took them to our other friend's house, who happened to live next to the park, and let the owner know where to come pick them up.   My friends and I fantasized for an hour about a reward, and what we would do with the money, and how awesome we were. Then the guy shows up, gives a gruff, unpleasant, thanks, and drives away with his dogs. No reward, no conversation, just a quick and small mention of gratitude, and he was off.   We. Were. Pissed.   Then I thought about it, and realized that I didn't need a reward in order to feel good about doing the right thing. From that point on, I determined to never think of the potential for reward when weighing whether or not to help someone, and it's taken me pretty far.   Last quick anecdote. Years later I found another dog running loose, contacted the owner who turned out to be a smoking hot girl my age (early 20's). She offered to take me to dinner, and we ended up dating for awhile. While the relationship didn't last, if I hadn't learned that lesson about doing good regardless of reward, I would have missed that opportunity entirely.
0	I logged in just to comment because HOLY HELL, these comments are ridiculous. For the sake of your relationship, read this!   I cannot speak for all women but can attest to myself and a lot of other ladies out there. Most of the time we make logical connections and thoughts. For instance, my boyfriend likes admiring beautiful women but we love each other and trust each other, so this is ok.   However, sometimes our feelings get in the way of logic. We don't like it either, but its how it is. I know you all you males calling this woman crazy always perfectly manage all of your hormones (especially that testosterone), have never accidentally over-reacted, would never act out in jealousy, and can always perfectly articulate your emotions, so please have patience with us crazy women.   We may get upset and often the feelings are immediate. We do not always have time to work out the exact root of the feeling or work through them before they strike, but that does not mean they are crazy or should be ignored. Something can irk us about a situation and strike something deep down. I tell this to my boyfriend all the time when I'm upset and he's confused. When I was younger, it just used to turn into big arguments. I would act out before I could even process exactly what I was upset about and he would respond in equal aggression. Usually, my insecurity was a big part but I didn't know who to "blame" for that. Both of us have grown and I have more of an understanding of myself and can say "I'm upset, let me take some time and work through it, because right now I'll just yell." A bit later, I can tell him what bothered me and together we work through it. He has grown to not belittle or ignore my emotions but instead to acknowledge them and work to find the root issue, even if there is confusion for a while. Also, because he is human and cannot always perfectly articulate his feelings either, I do the same for him when he's upset! Though sometimes we mess up (usually when alcohol is involved). Regardless he would NEVER  post a meme about it.   I have been in a very similar situation with my boyfriend before. We were with a group who wanted to go to a strip club. Logically, I was completely fine with it and fully believed there would be no issues. However, I did not realize how much it would bother me to see my boyfriend lust after others. This is and instance when feelings of jealousy and also insecurity sometimes overcome the logic of the situation. But like a champ, when he noticed it bothered me, he did not stare ridiculously long at the women. Yeah he looked around frequently, but always made sure to maintain conversation with me, give me kisses, and look more at me than the strippers. Were they more attractive than me? Yes. Would he have stared more if I wasn't there? Yes. But out of respect for me, he put me first and it was actually a great night. He stil saw lots of naked ladies but I still felt like I was his number one. If he would have spent the whole night just staring.... probably not.   I HIGHLY doubt this was a "trap". I'm guessing your girlfriend logically knew that the strippers didn't affect your feelings about her (hopefully). However, she is allowed to feel uncomfortable and insecure when she sees you staring at half naked women. Should she freak out? Probably not. But she is human and jealousy and insecurity are very potent emotions, especially on alcohol. And if she seemed bothered, you didn't HAVE to stare. Your SO was still right there, and I'm sure you would feel uncomfortable in a similar situation. I generally think looking is fine, and in strip clubs, extra looking is totally fine. Staring all night with your SO right there is a bit rude though. She was wrong about enjoying going to a strip club and it bothered her more than she thought it would and hopefully in the future both of you work to come to the root of emotions and you don't just play the blame game.
1	Dumbest post I have seen in a long time.  Using the excuse "is human" is beyond stupid.  You do not see the people say Obama "is human" when he makes a mistake.  Froggen has WILLINGLY been streaming at a constant rate.  He is used as a role model for the community.  If all pros sat and raged the whole time, a large percent of the community would also.  When people see a calm pro react perfectly and still have a fun game when things do not go their way, the community likes this and believe it or not follows them.  You want to know what would happen if somebody went out and said this in a sport like baseball or football?  That community would tear them to pieces for acting like a little brat.  In the future if Froggen does not do this again then, yes, I believe this can be forgiven.  But the excuse of someone being human or rarely does this does not cut it for me.
1	Elo hell" is considered the bracket just above and below your true elo. Essentially it's the threshold you cross into where you can no longer single handedly carry every member of your team on your back. The closer you get to your actual elo, the less impact you have on the game itself. It's approximately 200 elo below and above your actual elo.   If your true elo was 1500, for example, anything below 1300 you could easily just roll face and destroy every team fight, regardless of the derp on your team. As you approach 1500, it isn't as guaranteed that you're going to play amazing or get fed enough to carry everything - not to say it isn't possible - it's just less likely since you're playing against people at or around your skill level. This results in your 50/50 win ratio that keeps your elo relatively stable - ie "true elo."   Basically, you climb the ladder and grind your way to  your  elo hell, then you bounce around in there for a while. This is the reason that people complain about elo hell - because they have a smaller impact on the results of the game and therefore every turnout is seemingly decided by the ragers/feeders/afkers on your team. When you have less control over the game, it's everybody else's fault that you're stuck.
1	Bork was a huge buff for her, aa q aa not counting any ad or true dmg from silver bolts will be doing 24% of their hp, so if you manage to condemn them into a wall and proc ur bork on them thats 10% and 2 more aas so were now at 50% life not including any actual Ad or silver bolts or comdemn dmg that you did to them.
1	Seriously, we're basically restricting Riot from expanding the Runeterra lore by begging incessantly for a new champ every time they mention an non-League of Legends character in the lore. I find it really annoying.
1	The game does grow stale when you get the same stuff over and over again, but players use champs they are comfortable with and seem broken at that point in time because they want to gain an advantage and win.   Once in a while you see single champions slowly creep into that stale mix (Pantheon, Wukong) for midgame dominance or "knock em up for Yasuo" comps. These wildcards are more popular than they appear because they tend to get ban-filtered after successful use for fear of being the one unconsidered wrench thrown into the banning team's proverbial machine.   That's just how it goes: Ban champs you think you cannot deal with and pick broken/solid champs first.     About these champs: >Jax? Tryndamere? Rumble? Kennen? Jarvan?   Jax:     Running a mana champion vs ressourceless champs puts you at a disadvantage because only CD limits their skills--> Dueling can deplete his manapool forcing him to back while the enemy happily goes on farming   He needs more than just a tank item to gain critical mass   Tankrush is the ideal route right now.     Trynd:     Easy access to tank items for his enemies   Enemy can deny his purpose of splitpushing without having to build damage     Rumble:     Gets out sustained by tanks   Cannot build full tank, thus not quite suitable for the meta     Kennen:  Not a tank   Jarvan:  Other AoE junglers got better after spirit stone buffs     /
1	Do game mechanics seriously need to hold the player's hand so they can't act like jerks in a team based game?   Sure. I mean, if behavior like this can easily be prevented (what's the point of the animation anyway? Why not just make it instant? Why not make it acceptable/declinable?), then yes, It should be removed, imo.   The difference is, buying AP on an an AD champ or dying 30 times in 5 minutes have fringe cases. What if they bought a zhonyas because it's a 1v1 vs zed? It wouldn't be the worst thing ever.  note, i'm not saying Zhonyas is good on AD, but it's possible that something like this could potentially happen for a real reason  What if they're just having a bad game and died a lot in lane?   There are REASONS not to disable those sorts of behaviors. There ISN'T a reason (other than, Hey this thing looks cool and is an interesting theatrical thing!) for Kalista to be able to stun her allies randomly at the beginning of the game.   Of course, I'm not a Riot employee and you are.
0	100% agree. I was in a rut for about 6 years (12-18) and went through all the stops. They put me on Zoloft which just took away all the feelings(which isn't fucking normal.) I stopped it cold turkey when I was 17(I was on 200mg/day) and decided to join something. I walked into a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu school and never looked back. I got into shape(That helps a lot with depression) and made essencially a new family through the school. They knew my situation and my instuctor called me every night to "Go over my day." Some people actually do care, and it's about srrounding yourself with those people. With BJJ, I've emmersed myself in it and haven't been this happy my whole life. If you REALLY WANT a change, change something. Only you can can get yourself out of the rut which is sad but true. Jesus christ did I just vent like a motherfucker, my bad.
1	Agreed with most points. I actually feel that her shield gives her a huge edge over most ranged laners who doesn't have reliable harass (Ori has this in spades) and her ability to push early on negates their lane dominance. Conceptually she's supposed to have an edge over them at 6 but with the nerfs she received, her all-in just isn't that good anymore.   Top lane I feel is a bit more dubious since while she does lose with direct trading, her ability to control the lane through either pushing hard or last hitting is a great advantage that can help turn a lot of matchups around. The reason why I mentioned Triforce is that I feel it gives her the greatest amount of power as early as possible which also scales well into late game because of how her kit scales. While she won't be outdueling most bruisers (unless she snowballs, which Triforce allows her to take full advantage of), she will, in a sense, hyperscale into a Assassin-Fighter with just one item and do really well in teamfights.   I'll agree with your conclusion that she's weak. I'll then add that she still has unexplored strengths that should be evaluated in order to see what exactly needs to be buffed. Her nerfs happened precisely because Riot didn't want an Assassin who entered the fight with huge burst damage and burst tankiness. This is why I feel that instead of making either stronger, she should be able to do it more often now that her power's reduced.   EDIT: Ended up with a wall of text.
0	One time I saw someone's grandma/relative write  "hi bart you loke being my friend bart" on his timeline. I was thinking how awkward it was. He responded: "yes I sure do! :)". And suddenly he was awesome.
0	I think you'd be a fool to argue that physical attractiveness doesn't make sex better. I'd agree that intimacy plays a larger role (although that can vary) but that's no reason to dismiss other factors entirely. I say this as somebody who just dated a woman with a practically flawless body, although the sex was average at best. It would have been worse without her being beautiful, though. And actually, the intimacy was pretty good too--it was factors beyond attractiveness  and  intimacy that caused problems.
1	Hi i am SteveSter and i am a casual plat player who mains Katarina top aiming for Diamond or masters playing Katarina top.   My goal in life is to try my best and make people's day by making them smile or laugh. I am super friendly and will help anybody in anyway i can by talking to anybody with personal problems or help anyone who wants to get better at league. I play ranked and normal usually chilling with my friends.   I haven't been streaming often finding quite hard to stream when no one is watching but will be strongly motivated as more people come! When I do stream it is usually weekdays 11am - 6pm EST   1 of my streams in a nutshell
1	It's just a group of friends that decided to make a team for themselves. I watched their video just to see what it was about, and really, I didn't think that it was glorifying that they were girls. The first two thirds of it were about themselves. They talked about their hobbies and what champions they enjoyed to play. The only reason why they included that, "Just because we're girls doesn't mean we suck", is because the idea that girls are worse than guys at video games is so extremely prevalent in this culture. Them saying, "We don't suck" isn't grounds for you to be an asshole. They're just a random group of friends that thought making a promo video would be a fun thing to do. When that video got onto this reddit, one of their members must have seen it and thought it'd also be fun to do an AMA.
1	There is a reason behind the Lee Sin nerf: He is ridiculously unfun to play against as any jungler except pretty much Panth and Elise. A good Lee Sin will get first blood on every single other jungler with ease or guarantee himself 3 early game buffs.   Elise: Close to 100% pick/ban rate in at least 3 regions (dunno about China and SEA, but is the same in OCE) since before the S3 world champions (that's over 5 months btw). She is still extremely strong with the new changes, but not as punishing as she was before and isn't able to do a full clear without using pots anymore.   Kha: His change was done well and didn't really change much about him other than his team fight snowball. His nerf was relatively minor even compared to the Elise tweaks, it just stopped him being able to do ridiculous AoE damage with his E and building full AD.   Panth: I disagree with this changes. I think a 2k range ultimate will kill the champion. BUT, I see why. His playstyle is extremely toxic and extremely easy. He is a point and click assassin with a stun. Taric got nerfed because of his point and click stun, and I see why they did it then too. They are ridiculously stupid to play against, but I feel changing how his W works with R (not being able to spam click and instacast even though they dash at the last moment) would do wonders for his balance.   Eve: I don't know Eve was getting nerfed? I feel she is in a good position with the ability to still play as the stealthy assassin with good burst and chase but rather weak late game sustained damage or as the tanky AP (similar to Rumble really without the ridiculous damage) with very good peel and chase potential. I haven't played her with the tank design but have watched almost all OGN since that started and feel it is a fair and even build with obvious downfalls (lack of damage, weak early game, requires a strong ADC/APC).   Vi: Now as an ex-ADC player I can say I hate Vi, so much. Her ulti is ridiculous. It deals so much damage it just makes me hate her even more. Being instagibbed by Q-R unless you had barrier flash was never fun. Her jungle clear is ridiculously fast after her first B and her ganks post-6 are extremely strong. I feel the tweak to her ulti was more than warranted and will put her more in line as an off-tank rather than melee ADC.   I currently feel the jungle in S4 is one of the most diverse jungles we've ever had and is in a really good position right now with the Spirit Stone %health/mana changes. The only problem is the ridiculous strength of dueling early game from some junglers, namely Elise, Lee and Panth; to a lesser degree Vi and Kha. This rules out many late-game junglers simply because they will always give up first blood to a decent jungler due to being around half HP from two buffs and much slower than the early-game junglers.
1	I'm not sure why tracking win-rates of individual players avoids the correlation vs causation problem. Players that tend to lose a lot are more susceptible to raging a lot than players that win a lot.   The whole problem of finding causality links is that you can only observe correlation. Determining causation requires observing temporality. If you can show that flaming is stochastically what occurs before the game really starts to go downhill, then you've proven your point. If the only thing you can show is that you observe on individuals/games/teams/whatever that flaming is correlated with losing, you have no conclusive evidence of what causes what, and the best you can say is that flaming and having your team lose most likely tend to cause and reinforce each other.   Note that it does mean that in all likeliness, raging deteriorates your chances of losing. But in all likeliness as well, the numbers shown in the infographics and videos are more than just what is caused by raging and are also partially due to losing being the cause of raging in some games.   Source: Post-doc in a field that involves a lot of statistics.
1	Most profesional teams have a map (a picture or a table usually) to plan strategies and lvl1s. I don't think neither you or him were the first ones to think of implementing it online. I would only consider it as stolen if he somehow used your design and changed trivial things.   Even if his inspiration to do it was your post, if he still created his web by himself I think it is completely fine. May the best (this includes making it public) one win.   In general, when millions or people are doing similar things, a decent number of them are going to be thinking the same ideas. That means that the value is in implementing the idea, nor the idea itself. Ideas are only valuable when the number of people is inferior (like in a top-level field of science, where only a few people in the world are working on).   Plus, if you share an idea, you have to be aware that other people may do it faster and better. They may even think that you have abandoned the project.
0	I met someone like this a few years back.  Was a house party on the Oregon coast and I walk in the kitchen.  A black guy introduces himself, shakes my hand, and announces to everyone present that he "ain't no faggot".  My wife thought that was strange.  This guy was a trainer at a big gym franchise, and the whole night his topics were working out and how he hates faggots.  He even went as far as to say that if he had colon cancer, he would much rather die than have "some faggot stick his finger up my booty."   When he asked me if I'd let someone do that to me if I had cancer, I said hell yes.  I like living.  Then he called me a faggot.  At least he would die "a man", according to him.  I LOLed.
1	Kinda my thoughts. I think she is in a good spot right now. All she can do is AA and that shouldn't get nerfed again. She has an Anivia level of movement and that should be a bit compensated with some extra damage. And TBH? She needs that to duel current top adc's. She needs it to compensate her lack of mobility and escapes. She's highly fragile against ganks and it's totally ok to give her the little "extra".   She has one of the slowest attackspeed from all adc's. (Her Animations are still slow but they improved it quite good I think!)   And don't forget people like Corkie do too have 10% additional dmg on their AA's and his is true dmg.
1	I purposely avoid color commentary, especially if I have a talented co-caster. I am a play-by-play caller and that is where I spend the bulk of my effort and focus.   I would also like to mention that I cast to the event itself, so at TSM, things are a lot looser than they would be at IPL, where I would do what I more or less consider my "real" casting. You know, if they wanted me there. TSM tourneys are a different set of aims and a different attitude overall.   That being said, I have cast a number of times with Studio and I feel we fit together pretty well. I enjoy casting with him and hopefully you'll get a chance to see that some time. I don't necessarily aim to analyze more, but two color casters isn't going to help expand eSports to those unfamiliar with it and it can also make the sport itself come off as a bit dry and unexciting if every bit of downtime is filled with straight faced analysis of every detail of the match so far. Of course, that's probably a talk for another post about the nature of casting and all that so I'll just leave it there. I guess the
1	Why not make it so, that you can activate a x$ code you get from the Red Cross/other organizations, that you get for donating x$ or donating blood equals y$. Just the legality of the blood donation in exchange for something might be questionable.
0	Had this happen to me once. Major freeway in Melbourne, guy in a shitbox of a car comes flying down the stopping lane doing 80km/h when the rest of the traffics doing 30 because it's the middle of rush hour in the afternoon. We turn a slight corner and there's a car parked in the stopping lane ahead of him so he starts to come back into the lane I'm in right next to me. I've got no where to go because it's peak and the traffics all banked up. He keeps coming across and I start blasting my horn so he looks and sees me. I get the bird as he winds down his window and chucks a can of something through the window at my passenger side window and cracks it. He eventually realises that he's not gonna be able to merge as he gets up to the parked car and ends up braking hard and stopping until someone lets him in. I pulled over a bit further up to try and catch his plates so I could report him for smashing my window. He eventually comes up and pulls up right in front of me and starts to get out of his car. As he flings his car door open rather violently it goes a bit too far into the traffic and a truck going past rips his door clean off in front of me. He's just about to take off without his door when a police car comes past and pulls over right in front of us both and stops him. Cop was a few cars behind me the whole time and saw everything. Ended up getting my window replaced and he had his car towed.
1	That's why you start at Bots games and work your way up.  You get familiar with the mechanics of the game and eventually progress to normal games.  If 90% of  every  game you're playing has an AFK, rager, or smurf, then you're just unlucky.  The bad ones usually happen in 3/10, 4/10 at most.  Otherwise, how could we have so many people bitching about the community?   I don't mean to sound like a prick, but the best thing to do if you have an asshole on your team is to just mute them.  If they've been doing nothing but flame at you the whole game, they obviously have nothing constructive to say so you're not going to miss much by muting them.
1	Why is it devaluing anything? I'm not getting places higher than I deserve to be. I'm just actually getting there. I played ranked all last year. I was Bronze until after the end of the season. I was playing Silver 3 - 1 MMR. I had Duo'd with a friend quite a bit. After the season ended, I kept playing, and barely made Silver 5 after months of being in Bronze 1 and failing promotions. Once in, I shot up to promos in 3 games. But was still playing Silver 2-1 guys so was kept out of Silver 4. Why? After months of playing, I gained a single league even though my MMR is the same as those at Silver 2. So if I'm at a Silver 2 MMR, why is it near impossible to get there without being able to spam games? I'm not asking for it to be easier to gain LP. I'm not asking for the MMR rankings to me adjusted. I'm not asking for anyone to hold my hand. What I'm asking for is a fair system. I will deal with having to play a large number of games to get into Promotions. But once there, I expect my promotion to hinge on whether or not I belong in the next division higher, not if I can hang with people 2-5 divisions higher.
1	Try turning your graphics settings down if they aren't already. I have mine set to low and I never have a problem unless the internet itself goes out. Ya it sucks not getting to see all the pretty flowers and stuff but Macs weren't built to game on. It's possible and enjoyable but don't expect to get the same graphics quality as a PC built for gaming.
0	The reason men get nocturnal erections, or "morning wood" is to prevent them from urinating in their sleep.
1	WARNING TO ANYONE CONSIDERING THIS IDEA:  It's a lot more complicated than that. You may want to steer away from this idea, since Cyanogenmod is a custom flash ROM for your phone itself. Also chances are since your phone is running on a stock Android 2.3 software, installing 4.0 software could result in a lot of problems and be extremely slow and will cause functionality issues.   EDIT: In fact don't even bother with this idea. Unless you have prior knowledge with your phone's software flashing/recovery system and rooting experience, you shouldn't do this. Risks like voiding your warranty and making your phone an expensive paperweight are very high for anyone new to the process.
1	I don't understand this mentality. "TSM, CLG prime are a disgrace". How so? You say they were at the top for a long time but let's actually take a look at it:   CLG was at the top during S1 back when there was NO asian scene and the EU scene and the NA scene had very little interaction. This was also back when Jiji was a god among mid laners and dominated pretty much every matchup. For some reason people expected Jiji to maintain that level of dominance and for some reason they also expected NO ONE ELSE to get better at the game. Doesn't make sense.   TSM dominated the NA scene for several months running after picking up Dyrus. However the asian scene was starting to pick up (and many of the top players in the asian scene are actually just players that used to play on the NA servers but moved over when asia started to get their own servers). Asian teams and M5 in particular then exploded into the scene with their new and foreign (as in unrecognized, not as in "lol foreign from overseas) playstyles.   If you continue to look at the trends, M5 dominated for a period of time, TPA dominated S2 finals, Azubu Frost/Blaze dominated OGN.   Am I the only one here that's actually excited at the fact that not one team seems to be crushing the opposition everywhere? This past IPL showed us just how unbelievably good the competition is getting, how good the teams/players are getting. The most basic fact for why NA seems to be doing so poorly currently is just looking at their teamwork (and in some cases basic mechanics) you can tell from an objective standpoint that they just aren't as good as some of the EU/Asian players. You can't honestly look at Scarra or Jiji for instance and say they are definitely on par with Misaya, Froggen and Toyz. Or how about Hotshot and Dyrus being on par with Shy, Caomei and Darien? The level of mechanical skill tends to be a little lower in NA right now, the level of teamwork is definitely not there either, but to say that we're a disgrace is a long shot.   Doublelift can compete with other world class ADs, Nyjacky and Xpecial are also pretty stellar players. Chauster has yet to really make an impact in the jungle so far but his performance til now gives me high hopes. A lot of the other newer NA teams are also nothing to be ashamed of. These are people that have other lives and other priorities and still can put together a decent team. Mandatorycloud, Aphromoo, Lemongod, xHazzard are all good players. These new teams really haven't had time or the opportunity to develop a strong sense of teamwork  against top level teams .
0	Just an example. I know they have, and I actually like a lot of their songs.  I Want To Break Free  and the video is funny and abstract. I see how you don't vibe with the music.   It takes patience to know when to get reactions and when not; that's rhetoric. Being touchy, you might know how people like to take reactions from you. The easiest way to stop that from happening is to stop the cycle and use your rhetorical ability for good and not uselessness.
1	Holy fucking shit this thread is full of people who didn't watch the video.   We can't all wait to hear your opinion on some story fragments you got from misinformed people. [/s]   Stop being dicks to a guy you probably never even heard of before yesterday and most importantly stop judging his current ban on past events.   He was given  the right  to a 3 month trial account,  then he was banned. That's the fucking plot here.   If you agree with the thousands of hive-minded players out there based on your own Google searches, good for you, but you have no more right to judge him than Riot does. They banned the identity of a person from their own game, something that has never been done, not for professional players elo-boosting, or even breaking the terms & conditions and the law to have advantages in-game.   Don't hop on a premade opinion just because it suits you. If you want to make your word count for shit, judge XJ9 after you  form YOUR OWN opinion  based on  YOUR OWN research .
1	If Riot guts Elise's range, they better undo her damage reduction changes.   These kind of hard hitting changes without any compensation are unacceptable.
0	This reminds me of my niece's mom and her 2 sons she had after my niece.  She has a now 6 year and a now 2 year old. I saw her smoking while she was pregnant with the now 2 year old and talked to her about whether or not she was trying to quit. She simply said that she smoked throughout the pregnancy of her now 6 year old and he turned out fine. I let the situation go other than offering help if she needs it and she gave birth to a 4 and half pound baby a few weeks before her due date. The doctors attributed the premature birth to her smoking. I understand that premature births happen from time to time, even for women who do everything 100% safely through their pregnancy, but if you ask any woman who has gone through this if they could have done anything they could to have a healthy, full-term baby, they would say, "in a heart beat." I asked my niece's mom this and she says she would, but still denies smoking having anything to do with it. Thankfully the now 2 year old is a very healthy, happy 2 year old, despite spending the first 2 months of his life in the NICU with a breathing and a feeding tube. Also thankfully, despite her denial, my niece's mom has since given birth to a beautiful baby girl and she had quit smoking the minute she found out she was pregnant. Healthy 7+ pound baby girl that could be taken home after 2 days in the hospital.
1	LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of EVERY league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
0	Let me tell you what my girlfriend has successfully been doing for 5 and a half years.   We will be eating at a restaurant and I'll have something with fries or some form of small side.  She will find something random and interesting to me (generally something relating to weather or technology) and then steal a fry.  Well one day we go to Dave and Busters and I order a sandwich and some chips.  Well she shows me how all the fans are powered by a single chain that connects all the fans (it's pretty bad ass).  I look down and sure enough...HALF MY GOD DAMN CHICKEN SANDWICH IS MISSING!  She ate a large amount of my sandwich in the time it took me to check out the fans.  She denies it to this day.
1	Then he might as well remove the  dashes  so the post can be read, along with the
1	I quit Minecraft to start becoming pro at LoL   Also, my team captain told me that there was more money in being a pro at LoL than the browser game Tetris, and he was wrong. Tetris pro scene much more money.
1	Truley angry players generally feel unjustly punished by being saddled with players below their self perceived skill level and no matter how well they play their team will always let them down. The mute button works wonders but on top of that, continuing to offer advice even while the flamer is muted will bring your team together.   Say mid is feeding 0/3 around level 6, you top Riven is "actually a Diamond smurf account" who's demonstrating his tourrettes symptoms through text. On top of muting xXBestBunnyBangaXx you also type to your team "I've warded their jungle exits, they'll be looking to take drag with their advantage. We can ambush them on approach." You can supplement a few words with pings but you get my point.   Strats like these can be pulled off without the raging playwr , they will usually work in solo q because nobody expects deep pink wards by someone who isn't support and seeing two careless enemies picked off will calm down your LCS qualified teammate.   I usually play jungle so this is one option. As a top or mid you can alternatively contest or ward enemy buffs for similar effect.   Then again, some people merely vent external life issues online, there's not enough APM to play well and host a therapy session. Just mute them and move on.
0	I agree that you shouldn't feel bad about thinking like this. My parents got divorced when I was 8 but decided as much as they may have hated each other, they were going to do everything they could to ensure that my sister and I still lived the most "normal" life. Instead of slowly realizing that my parents hated each other as I grew, I saw two people put aside their obvious differences support their children and promote our aspirations. I still thank them to this day for their actions and the mind set they adopted.
1	OMG vs SKT should have been the real finals... the amount of early aggression of both teams is really on-par and would have been a much more entertaining matchup overall with no clear favorite going into the series.   EDIT: For those saying SKT was able to "counter" OMG's playstyle in the 2nd group stage game, SKT did not read OMG's strategy "like a book" that game. That was simply Faker being a god and landing 4 charms in a row to pick off 4 outnumbered players under tower as they filed in slowly and out of position; Faker landing 4 charms wasn't a planned counter-strategy, but just a skillful outplay that paid out huge. Up until that point in the game, it was a very close match and thus SKT had not figured out a counter to OMG's playstyle. In a match-up of such high-caliber aggressive teams, one single misstep can be capitalized upon greatly, and Faker punished OMG's misstep; SKT did not plan that misstep by OMG as a counter-strategy.
1	100 armor/mr halves incoming damage for their respective types, 300 reduces incoming damage by 75%. The formula is as follows:  damage multiplier = 100 / (100 + mr/armor)   I religiously buy a Chain vest and/or a Negatron cloak after my first core item on every champion, depending on the enemy team composition. Getting your Armor/MR up to a good 100-140 (the extra 40 mitigates any flat penetration the opponent has) has a  huge  impact on the damage you take. I always have flat armor seals and mr/lvl glyphs, so those numbers are easily reached with just the tier 1 items, which are cheap and up your survivability by an insane amount.   That being said, never stack the defensive stats above 200, not even as a tank. 200 is enough to still have 100 def after some flat and % penetration. Tanks building only pure resist items make me cringe (Like a Rammus with thornmail, FH, FoN, mercs and GA). Once you have 100+ defensive stats you should start building hybrid HP/defense items like Randuins, Banshee's, Sunfire, etc.  high defensive stats are useless without the HP to back it up, but it never hurts getting at least 100 armor/mr
0	In the interest of full disclosure, I suppose I should confess that I am one of these claimants.  In May I was hospitalized, thinking my shortness of breath and debilitating fatigue were symptoms of pneumonia.  It turned out that I had been living with pneumonia for so long I was on the brink of losing a lung.  I needed a thoracotomy and left lung decortication to avoid losing the organ entirely.  As if that were not bad enough, I also was diagnosed with a severe case of congestive heart failure.   Though the procedure was high risk for someone with a heart as weak as mine, brilliant doctors got the job done, and my breathing normalized by the time I was allowed to leave the hospital.  Also, I've responded well to medications for my heart failure.  Even with significant recovery, my heart has less than half the pumping power of a healthy cardiac muscle.  A single flight of stairs can leave me winded, and spending more than a few minutes outside on a hot day is no different for me than playing Russian roulette.  Heavy lifting, intense argument, and consuming the average American amount of dietary sodium are all also activities that put me at high risk of a deadly episode.   A typical person with my diagnosis doesn't make it another five years.  I am optimistic about beating the odds, since I am young for such extreme heart failure, I am consulting with an excellent specialist, I am taking all medications as prescribed, and I am respecting the many limitations imposed by my condition.  Even so, I am a 40 year old man who will be a little lucky to see 50 and in need of a miracle to see 60.  I didn't ask for any kind of government benefit during prior periods of extended unemployment, but now I feel like my need is legitimate.   I started the process in early June, and I've been told I can expect a ruling in the next couple of months.  Perhaps I have a zealous and compassionate case worker on my side (and it doesn't hurt that I also had a cancer diagnosis in the mean time.  I don't think it's relevant since the tumor was destroyed during an outpatient procedure, but just hearing the phrase "kidney cancer" made my evaluator do a George Takei-style "oh my!")  Perhaps Illinois hasn't slashed social services quite as brutally as many other states, and certainly Social Security has a less byzantine bureaucracy than Veterans' Affairs, but in many cases the process is protracted by patient advocates.  There are strict limits on how much a firm like Binder & Binder can charge for services to the disabled, but those limits grow based on the number and duration of hearings conducted.  Perversely, this means lawyers for the disabled have incentives to drag out the process as long as possible.   So far I'm going it alone, and the severity of my case should be enough to make a favorable ruling uncontroversial.  While I've been told I'm one or two months away from a disability ruling, I also have a mountain of medical bills and no timetable on Medicaid enrollment, despite having no recent income and no major financial assets.  I'm really hoping that doesn't drag on into next year, but apparently ongoing reforms are a pretext for chaos in my state's Medicaid program.
1	Yeah but OP mention it. "Idk what the problem is lol." is because you don't read all the post. Just the
1	It's not directly insulting, nor am I being particularly 'negative'. It's the same as when some one gets incredibly peeved off with some thing -- you don't join in, you try and defuse the situation. It works in an inverse manner as well. You ever figured some one was over-appreciated?   Beiber? Reginald? Hitler? <-- Yes, it's not supposed to be amazingly on point.   ""No. These people have to watch REAL pro plays to understand why this one wasn't special""   I can see why what I say could come off like that; but no. In actuality, I dislike how revered pro players are simply because they are 'pro'. It doesn't mean they're amazing at the game, or have an understanding better than your own; it just means that they do it for a living, and that if any thing, they  should  be almost strictly better at the game than you.   But there are plenty of pro players with different attitudes during different situations -- can you say they're  all  the best attitudes you can have?  Surely not. .   It is a good indication that the player is pretty good with his/her mechanics and that they have good potential for, say, climbing their ranked ladder (unless they are fairly high up where situations like that happen much more rarely)... but it's nothing to be thrusting random objects with.   And the anger is clear -- although with you I'd say I was only responding in-kind (that said, I shouldn't resort to name-calling either in anger or retaliation, so I'm going to rescind it after this post), but besides you, it's simply that people are exaggerating/mis-directing what I'm saying to mean that I'm just being a prat, and not understanding that, quite simply, the amount of glorification that people are bringing towards the player is superfluous.   Initially, I wasn't being aggressive -- but people just think it's good etiquette to make a snarky comment, down-vote and leave like a pigeon strutting across a chess board. Any actual responses have just been much like yours -- that I'm a dick and I shouldn't try to bring other people down over some thing that is, yes,  absolutely  a good thing. I'm not trying to say "Oh this shouldn't be on Reddit" and the like. I think every body likes to see stuff like this occur every now and then.   Heck, I love watching [Protatomonster's videos.](   But  would I try and say any, many or most of these players should be in high-level play or are amazing? Besides one player who got onto the Solo-Play Series at least 3 times, it's very questionable and by no means should I assume that every thing is anticipated and planned for. I assume you play LoL; surely you've had moments where you and your team synergise perfectly without needing to communicate, and you get a clean-sweep teamfight or some thing ?   Does that mean you're a good player? You could be terrible. I'm not saying you are... but it's not like you can define yourself by one play, a pentakill or stealing an objective.   For example, I backdoored as Ziggs in a 55 minute long game that won us the game after my team had trusted me to leave our base and let them enter a 4v5 scenario. I won us the game -- I was a big part of it, at least. Lich Bane let me have the most damage potential against their open inhibitors and Nexus, and my team operated solely to defend our (vulnerable) Nexus in a disadvantaged position. It was a great play in the sense of good decision-making, but by no means was it like I should be in Diamond or I thought very well. (I say Diamond because I'm currently Plat)   Ramble ramble. I like the play and I  love  the champions that the 2v5 was done with. Hell no to the clip being bad, but I think the judgement that a lot of people here are making is bad, purely because it's not accurate.
1	To be perfectly honest i love facing Fiora as a top laner. Yes she becomes untargetable when she ults but thats why you learn how to counter play it. I personally like to take someone like a shen or lissandra against her and grab exhaust. When she dashes towards me i either e-taunt her right away as shen so that she takes a lot of minion aggro and i automatically win the trade or of I'm liss i w-stun her as soon as she comes in and then auto q auto kite. If I'm irelia, i e-stun then w and q away. If she comes close to me again i do the same, yes she may put dmg onto me but she can only kill you with her ult if you're low in health and if thats the case be prepared to exhaust her as soon as she dashes in because she will ult.
0	It's a tongue-in-cheek joke alluding to the old adage that since girls never fart except in private, that the truth is they never fart. The original joke aligns itself with the whole "does a tree falling in the woods make a noise if nobody is around to hear it?" So, basically, "does a girl actually fart if nobody is around to hear it?"   Sometimes people take the fart joke too seriously, leading women like myself to ensure the male population that their female counterparts do, indeed, let the odd one rip.   [Learning is fun!](   Edit:
0	No, the friend zone is real. Its just not what people think it is; a scapegoat for every time a girl rejects you. I have tons of female friends, and I've never had any kind of sexual relationship with any of them. I just enjoy having good people in my life, and so what if some of them happen to be women? (Admittedly, some are very attractive, but I digress) I consider myself in the "friend zone" but thats simply because thats what we are; freinds. Im perfectly happy with being her friend, I see no reason its a bad thing to be friends with a girl and not have sex with her. Thats what people need to realize, its okay to have female friends and not have sex with them. And they're not obligated to gove you sex for being their friend, just like your not obligated to buy them things and treat them like your girlfriend
1	This is not setting a precedent to perform a witch hunt. This was a post to warn people about own3d. Both future streamers and viewers. Future streamers would like to be payed as well. And their lives, like Destiny's, depend on it. If a company is knowingly destroying people's lives, by not paying money that they own them, they deserve to get a public warning against them. Even more so, as a viewer I'll pay money and subscribe to a person's stream to support the streamer. I don't do that because I support own3d.   This means it's not solely in Destiny's interest to warn people about own3d. It's the entire community's interest. This means it's not a witch hunt. Destiny also provided sufficient data and evidence to back up his claims (skype logs, contract quotes etc). Can this evidence be falsified? Yes. But if so, it would only take 1 post from ow3d with their logs to undermine it. Own3d can provide a statement as well, just as much as Destiny can.   It doesn't matter whether this sets a precedent if it's something that's in the best interest of the community to know. It would be a witch hunt if Destiny posted this to pursue his own goals and his goal was to pressure them into doing something. It's not. It's about warning future streamers and viewers to be very careful with own3d. Destiny is trying to look out for the community, not for himself. therefor this should be widely known. Reddit is one of the ways to warn a giant portion of this community. It's not like Destiny is the first one warning about own3d. This stuff has been going on for quite a while now. It's been out there before, yet still nothing has changed.   This means it's fine if this sets a precedent. Because it's our interest at stake here. It's not like own3d can't defend themselves. They can. and the fact that they don't, says a lot.
0	True, there are practical uses for it, but often if it's a post from say r/funny to r/pokemon, from a much larger subreddit to a smaller one, it's just redundant.  The argument could be made that not everyone subscribes to subreddits just because they're popular, and that quality (although I really doubt anything quality in the vein of "Hey everybody, you really need to see this quality, discussion provoking post!" would ever need to be posted from r/funny to r/pokemon) posts would need to shown to a different, thriving community, but often x-posts (I find, in my own personal experience) come from one bloated, circle-jerking subreddit to another (for example, r/gaming to r/funny) in what is most likely an attempt to gain karma.  And although many get up on their soapbox and say that karma doesn't matter and they're (I'm cringing as I use this god awful term) imaginary internet points, people still karma whore and people still fall for it, and it ruins such vibrant communities such as r/pokemon (shiny pictures aside).
0	Same with me. I got one that was a 100% reduction of out of state tuition for grades. It's not a full one, but cutting down tuition by $14,400+ is amazingly beneficial. The best part was I didn't have to "settle" on a college and got to go where I wanted.
0	I just laughed thinking about how right you are. This past weekend I am in my living room and here my room mate say AWWW FUCK. I'm like what dude?  No answer....  WHAT HAPPENED?! "WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY? I TRIED TO FART AND SHIT MY PANTS. NOW I HAVE TO TAKE A SHOWER."   Two minutes later this girl he invited over knocks on the door. I let her in and she's like what are you doing?   Room mate: "I'm taking a shower!"   Girl: "Oh let me come in"   Room mate: "FUCK NO"  locks door
0	Not even close to the worst, but I'll confirm that the thought is incredibly aggravating. In theory I agree, but here's the deal. How does one 'earn' them? Do we give prompt an courteous service, or is that just our job? Tell jokes? Drop the rest of our sections so you feel more attended to than everyone else? Lick your boots? We have no way to know what you want. Worse, if you take the time to explain what you want (I love waiting through those speeches), you're not only wasting time that we could have spent getting you fed, but also feeding all the other patrons. Or checking the kitchen's work. Or cleaning, or stocking, or any of the other multitude of things we have to do.   Now, don't get me wrong. I generally make decent money, and enjoy my job. But that's due in large part to usually being able to spot the folks that want me to earn their respect before I can earn money, and passing them to less experienced servers. We see hundreds or thousands of people a week; we get pretty good at reading people.
1	Hey dude, I wrote a lot so sorry about that, but it's worth reading. It'll answer everything you could be wondering about, I swear. Anyway, this is advice (which is echoed throughout this thread, but not explained in this detail, as far as I saw) from a ~1650 player. Not the best, but pretty above average. I'm emphasizing the general best options for roles you play, then offering cheaper ones.   For AD:   Marks:   Armor Pen Reds (410) are the standard. They're very good. However, Flat Damage Reds (205) offer a stronger early game and barely fall off later when compared. It's easier to last hit and scales your AD abilities. A lot of people are switching over from armor pen to these.   Seals:   Flat Armor Yellows (205) are almost almost always the best. They let you live longer. Some champs might want Magic regen per 5, or maybe increased attack speed, but honestly just start with nice, cheap armor yellows. They're also the most used yellows throughout the game.   Glyphs:   Magic Resist Per Level blues (205) are normally the standard. Some people run other things like attack speed, but MR/lvl are very very good runes that are used very often.   Quints:   There are basically three options. Usually the best is Attack Damage (1025). It helps on last hitting and scales abilities. Next is Armor Pen (On sale for 775). They help later in the game, although marginally, and are normally considered inferior to the flat AD quints. The last is Movement Speed (On sale for 1550), which are normally not chosen, but are very viable quints that are good on a large variety of champions. There are some other odd ones, but the first two are almost always chosen.   AD Summary: It's pretty cheap. Optimally you'd want Armor Pen Reds, Armor Yellows, MR/Lvl Blues, and Flat Damage Quints. If you want to be cheap, buy damage reds, which is honestly not bad at all and potentially preferred (stronger early game, which is where runes matter the most). HOWEVER, since you play Jax, I STRONGLY suggest just getting the Flat AD reds. Jax runs these (they help his passive and abilities), and since they're also good on AD this is a great fit. It'll save some IP, and if you want you can always later buy the armor pen reds, but it's not a big issue honestly.   Support:   Marks:   Honestly you almost always want Flat Armor Reds (205). You generally don't need damage or penetration.   Seals:   There are several options here, and it comes down to preference. Flat Armor Yellows (205) are very good, since they let you survive in lane. Magic Regen Per Level Per 5 (205) are good on champions like Sona which run out of Mana, but TOTALLY WORTHLESS on Soraka, who you apparently like. My new favorite, however, are Gold Per 10 (410). You'll still get some armor from your reds, and getting more gold is always needed as a support. It also accelerates you to items that will help you live, such as your Heart of Gold (which, if you play Soraka, you will most likely be getting first).   Glyphs:   Blues aren't the biggest of deals for supports. One of the most standard is Magic Resist Per Level Blues (205). They're good. Help you live. Flat Cool Down Reduction (Pricey -- 820) are very good as well, especially for Soraka, who is always limited on cooldowns and doesn't run the risk of running out of mana from spamming. AP per level (410) are also decent on champions you do not fear dying to magic damage, like Soraka or Sona or Janna.   Quints:   The best are Gold Per 10 (515), hands down. Run them on everyone. The other options are Movement Speed (On Sale for 1550), which are good for initiators like Alistar/Leona, or general wardclearing presence. It's also fun to zip around the map as Janna with them. There are some odd other ones, like Health, but honestly you just want Avarice (gold per 10).   Summary for Support: Flat Armor Reds, Gold Per 10 Yellows, MR/lvl Blues, and Gold Per 10 Quints is the best bet in general. If you want to be cheaper, stick to your Flat Armor Yellows, which you will already have from your AD guys.
0	I knew of her throughout high school but we never really bonded. She used to bug me to take a picture with her at lunch everyday because she was friends with my younger brother in middle school. I Would always shoot her down, but i would always make sure our paths cross every lunch on my way to class. I remember at the end of the year on the last day i finally took a picture with her.     Fast forward to the middle of college, I had been single for month and months after being dumped by a girl I was seeing. I was friends with alex on social media and I began talking to her to expand my social circle. I found common ground with her when I found out she was a huge fan of greys anatomy.     So we started hanging out and she laughed at my jokes and thought I was general funny,  Which is a keeper in my book. I realized I had a thing for her so I told her and she admitted to having feelings as well. So we started going on dates and everything was as amazing as a honeymoon phase could be.     However I got sick over the holidays of our first year I had gotten sick and as diagnosed with testicular cancer and had surgery. Luckily I dodged a bullet and have been in remission ever since. She came and took care of me the day after my surgery and I knew i loved her then. But I was jaded from my previous relationship and didn't express how I felt right away.    So we date and we date and we reach one year and everything is great. Then we slowly fought more and more. I was never great at communicating when I Would be upset.  And she felt I wasn't really trying to move forward in life and felt like she way banging me.     So we stay together and it gets rougher and being together the problem between us. So after I did things I shouldn't have and she said things she shouldn't have we called it quits. Coming up on a year ago. I loved that girl even though we hated each other. She was my best friend and showed me so much about myself and what I needed to do with my life and I will always be grateful
1	I find that the friends who play league who got to 30 playing aram or bots the entire time are weaker than those who cried to 30 in normals and then went to ranked
1	I'm not really sure, anymore. It's been so long since Blitz has been open (and if open, then picked) that I'm not sure I'd be able to play him properly. =/   Otherwise, it's 'cause he's a safe pick than can initiate small skirmishes well (read: fights in lane, mostly), and has a lot of utility in teamfights later on as well.
1	mistake #uno it is impossible to get demoted a tier aka silver to bronze unless you are inactive for set amounts of weeks , mistake #deuce the system doesnt lie it'll always place you with people around your " skill level " the fact the you are supposedly being place with bronze 5 means you deserve to be placed with them and if you deny so yet can't carry bronze players while being a silver player yourself only tells me you got carried through most of your placements thus cannot carry thy self vs the almighty bronze players thus your how do i say .... your TRUE skill level is being shown now that you arent being carried am i right or am i right ? but ye
0	Every honeybee daughter is a potential (albeit poor quality) queen too. The current queen keeps her children reproductively inactive through a combination of pheromones, physical harassment and destroying any rogue eggs she finds in the hive.   In single-year hives such as bumblebees and yellowjackets, this reproductive dominance is lost when the current queen ages, goes missing, is insufficiently nourished or otherwise incapable of stopping her kids' hatching their own eggs. At this point, depending on the species, the hive could have it's queen killed and usurped by healthy offspring, hijacked by a rogue individual (extremely rare) or just collapse into anarchy and abandoned.   Eusocial queen dynamics have been a hot topic in behavioural research for a few years, and it turns out that the queen:worker dictator:slave relationship is mostly false. In a lot of species a thriving hive can be single step from insurrection, and can have more than one queen "cooperating".
0	I don't understand the hate of the United States version.  I urge people to go watch the first few sessions of Top Gear UK without cringing.  The hosts have no chemistry and the show is uninteresting.  I feel that Top Gear USA has made progress and has potential to be a pretty great show.  If your looking for a great USA challenge episode look no further than season 1 episode 9 (toughest truck).  the cinematography is on par with the UK version and it is hard to beat the alaskan countryside.  I'm not saying that the US version is better but, it is still a decent motoring show.
0	And because you're driving on the hypotenuse of a right triangle, your forward speed will decrease.  If you're doing 60 mph, depending on how quick of a lane change you perform you're likely scrubbing at least 2 mph off your forward speed.  Somebody else do the math.
0	probably because within the first 5 minutes of the movie Buttercup is bossing around "Farmboy" Carey Elwes. They then proceeded to stone and pour acid onto their bootleg copy of the DVD and declared a Fatwah on Fred Savage and Peter Faulk. Then they all had a massive orgy involving camels and goats, and smothered themselves with hummus and sang campfire songs.
0	I think the people who have replied thus far are simplifying it just a smidge, but sex is primarily about procreation and feeling good. If it wasn't meant to be something enjoyable, it wouldn't feel good. It's not something artificial like candy. It's something nearly everyone can enjoy.   Shame and fear and all this secretive bullcrap is tied to religion and modesty. I'm a Christian, so it's not like this is some atheist-bashing-religion, but a long time ago we were much more care free.   Watching porn is not cheating in any way, shape, or form. However, if you have agreed not to watch porn and then go ahead and do it, that's a violation of trust just the same. Trust is important in any relationship and to violate it is to undo everything you've done to get to that level of trust.   Some people don't like porn because it's gross. Some people don't like it because they think it should be a private affair. People who think it's cheating have deeper issues and they should explore that. You're not getting emotionally or physically invested with the people on the screen. It's literally no different than watching people play basketball on TV in that regard. You're not actually playing basketball. You're watching them.   It's voyuerism at best.
1	While I don't condone the bad manners of any of the players, professional or non-professional, I will say that you are going to have some bad apples all the time and sometimes it's entertaining (e.g. Idra- Yeah I did it :P). I do I agree the LoL community needs to improve itself, though, as it seems many pros still rage and troll in their own matches (and I won't even begin to start on regular players)   But I do think that Dyrus is one of the more well-mannered and humble people out there. Have you watched his stream? Sure, sometimes he gets frustrated, but for the most part he is polite and seems to genuinely love videogames. I've heard him talk about how people should rage in game and how it doesn't help anyone multiple times and he also talks about trying to stop his own raging. If you even look at how he acts w/in his team, he always owns up to his mistakes and talks about how he will do better. So don't single out Dyrus... he brings more entertainment and humility than more than half of the other professionals out there
0	Background and Story   I’ll post this as a comment and will just link to it when folks ask for the story.  It’s been explained to me that this is the proper reddit etiquette.   I was just hired to a new company.   I’ve been there since the middle of December.  I don’t have a place to sit in the local office, they’re going to move me to the main office quite a few states away once I deliver some key local projects.   So I’ve been squatting from place to place.  I ended up being told I could share this guy’s office.  I’ll refer to him as the Cancer Guy (or CG for short) since he made that comment.   So, I’m there, in this small room.  He has a desk off to one side and I have a corner table that’s actually behind him.  Now, he could have moved shit around to make so I had to sit in front of him, but he didn’t.   I walk in and he alt-tabbed out of a screen pretty quickly and I see its reddit.  So I start the conversation to get to know him.  Oh, you reddit?   He then asks me if I reddit and give a partial truth.  I tell him I have an author’s account for writing hobby.  I have self-published two novels and some short stories and we talked about that.  In fact he even bought one of my books (no I won’t share that as I don’t want my r/l linked to this account).  Edit to this he actually bought everything I’ve written…damn… okay, I owe him next lunch.   He shows me his account, what he’s doing, and some other guy he’s arguing with that he’s “about to let have it”.   Then I leave to do work, and am off by myself sitting on a con call for a meeting and I make a meme.   It blew up.  I never thought it’d make front page but it did.   And he saw it.  He saw it that night when he was at home.   He freaks out.  He copies all my stuff from my account and then deletes his account.   Then I go to work the next morning.   I walked into his office this morning set my laptop up to start checking shit and he just looks at me with this weird grin and says "Well, good morning Goblin Dick Smasher".   I was like "oh shit, well, let’s get this done" and I start talking to him about it.   He kept it secret that he had taken copies of my stuff until we were at lunch.  He said he was really afraid of me getting him fired and he wanted a “mutually assured destruction” option.   I told him if I wanted to get him fired I’d end up being fired as well since I’d have to share my account as proof, and losing a brand new job and that wasn’t on my to-do list.  That I’d rather deal with him honestly, with honor and integrity and he liked the idea and deleted his stuff while I watched.  And I know, how do I know he doesn’t have copies?  I believe him.   We ended up going to lunch and talked a lot.  This is in the morning, lunch, and at times in between while I worked.  I’m a project manager and he’s a developer so right now I’m way busier than he is, he’s also fucking brilliant at his job.  The reason he’s at the smaller company is interesting.   But, we talked about why the vitriol on his arguments and he honestly didn’t know.  HE talked about himself and his life a lot.  He doesn’t have any friends outside of the MMO’s he plays.  He was married, met a woman in the PI, married her, had two kids, when she was a citizen she divorced him and them moved across the country.  He didn’t handle that very well, didn’t get a lawyer, which he should have, and she took him for everything, including 60% of his pay to child support.  She’s married now to someone else and he never sees his kids.   This is why I think, and he thinks I’m probably right, he’s mean to people on-line.  He can’t be mean to people in person, but he has to get it out.   His way out of the debilitating money was to become unemployed and then argue for a reduction.  So 60% of what his unemployment was is what he was paying for.  He also argued for visitation, bus since he was remote he couldn’t get in person, but the judge agreed to open communication and summer vacation with him.   He then got another job and got a place for them to stay at when they’re with him.  They don’t want to come, they aren’t happy when they’re with him, and they are happy to go back home.  Thing is, this guy is a genius at what he does, but has zero social capability, and has zero notion of how to be a dad much less a single parent for a summer vacation.   Anyway, I’m digressing from the point.  The other guy, the IT guy, CG knows he’s a slimy guy.  But IT Man is a one-guy IT shop for a small company and is  heavily  relied upon by the owner.  I don’t have the time in service with this company nor the confidence of the owner just yet to be able to fix that.  Just yet.  And I’m too new to try and do some “get someone fired” stuff.  So I’m going to let it go and table it for a time when I am in the position to do something about it.   Now,
0	Ok, here's the thing. In our population, some people are just dicks. Straight up dicks. Some of them believe in Yahweh, some in Allah, some in nothing at all, but they all have one thing in common... they're dicks. They never make up the majority of the group they represent, but they sure yell louder than everyone else, like a dick.
1	I was not goin to reach my goal in ranked so I am no longer stressing about going anywhere as I am stuck there for a reason.  However two week ago I went on a massive win streak and was 19-0  partially luck as I got a group of competent players every game. And started losing from time to time throughout the week. But not one was a disappointment as it was still a good team.  A streak is out of the norm because as we all know in silver you don't often get a group of players willing to play for the team.   However this week I too have seen a huge increase of rage trolling and afk it's extremely disappointing. Now what's even more interesting is I just have up on having another ranked team that is willing to work together and decided to just play norms till the reset.   I have yet to get a single team that was willing to play as a team or cooperate. Te couple wins I've had have honestly been pure luck.  And no this isn't a "oh poor me it's always my team" the other teams have had it too argument spilling into all chat nearly every game.
1	If they have A lot of CC then I think Cleaver is better because you will want to get your combo off faster, so less AA's more E Q. If they have less CC auto attacks would be easier to get off so youmunus would be better. Youmunuus is also better for 1v1 scenarios so playing a split push zed you would want to build it over cleaver.
1	I've lately had horrible experiences of people who call support and CAN'T PLAY FOR SHIT!   I've had people who steal my creeps (or hit them so the tower takes them so neither of us gets the gold), don't use wards (and apparently have no idea what pink wards do), occasionally feed the enemies simply because they don't have enough map awareness to see a jungler who sat in our ward for a minute AND rush items like Soul Shroud and Kage's Lucky Pick.
0	I remember a time where I had to have my mom drive me to community college (it was on her way to work) when one day, on my birthday, I got the note on the door for my only class that day. Problem was that someone had opened the door and blocked the view of the note so, for 30 minutes, everyone sat down and waited for the teacher to show up before someone noticed the sign. Here is the kicker, I had given my brother my cell phone that day to use (he lost his) so I couldn't even call my mom to pick me up sooner. I had to wait 3 hours until she showed up.
0	I have insomnia frequently and try to save Reddit for nights I can't sleep. Sometimes boredom gets the better of me and I take to Reddit during the day.  I am always depressed when I can't sleep and I type in Reddit and all the posts are purple.
1	This to me is one of the biggest problems with LoL. There are too many champions coming out too quickly. This caters to the people who are die hard LoL players, and not at all to those of us who only play a couple of times a week. This is in NO way a casual game, and that is so bittersweet. It is impossible to come back after a week of not playing when a new champ has been released, bc i can guarantee that someone int he game will pick that champ, and I will have no idea how to counter that champ.
1	Alright, so here's how it is - on an equal skill matchup, Caitlyn will never lose her lane to anyone, even Graves. I've watched a good Caitlyn  destroy  the enemy AD completely (cs, harass and deny at the same time, only because of that broken range) and in that matchup you're right, the Graves is pretty much done for.  But  if the Caitlyn had the Janna and the Graves had Sona it's another story entirely. Graves does way more raw damage than Caitlyn and with Sona he's pretty much unstoppable because you can't outplay him. I think this must be the most broken bot lane in the game right now.
0	I explained this earlier, but I'll repost because you've been such a colossal dick:   Well, I had three main activities growing up-- school, debate, and summer camp. 6/7 of them were from those things. I would say the person I was least close with was the debater-- but I mean we were still one big team who traveled together almost every weekend and spent hours of time together so even though he was "peripheral" it was still very sad because he was easily one of the most brilliant debaters on our team. Unfortunately, the rest were all a part of my core group of friends at some point in my life. Two from grammar school (including my best friend). One ex-boyfriend who I still hung out with pretty regularly since he worked with one of my closest friends. A family friend who I spent a lot of time with as our parents all worked together, and he was close in age to me while my sister was close in age to his sister. A close friend from camp (which sounds lame because it is camp, but I went to that camp for two sessions every year since I was in the 4th grade-- it was a huge part of my life). And finally, a girl from my main circle of friends in high school-- who killed herself just a week after we had grabbed lunch to catch up. It should be noted that I did some drugs in high school, and so drugs were a problem in a lot of these circles. I don't know why, but it seems relevant to me. I think it's why I believe the numbers are so high-- not to say that drugs CAUSED people to off themselves, just that at least there were bigger issues going on and there was a correlation.
0	I just think it's hilarious. I'm not talking about the person who just walk in, I'm talking about the people who give me a weird vibe when they walk by. Some are the business suit with blue tooth type, others are the neck tattoo tough guys. The type that don't acknowledge other people unless they need something. Too cool for school if you will.
1	I think I will quote "At_Least_100_Wizards" >Thank you for this. Twin Shadows is better on Lux than Lich Bane is in every regard. If you are in basic attack range as Lux then you are fucking up. If you are in basic attack range as Lux and the enemy hasn't dove/killed you already, the enemy team is fucking up. Don't buy an item that requires the enemy to fuck up in order to function well.   So, if you have to die in orther to do damage, you are doing something wrong. I again want to say that it's not a really bad item on her, but there are way better items. You are lux, you HAVE to abuse your range. They shoudlnt get to you in normals situations and if they are chasing you you can use twin shadows or just use them to scout the jungle. Btw, lux has 1767hp at level 18.
1	Ah ya.  It's upsetting they made so many mistakes.  I honestly think that no matter how much practice they make whether in a gaming house or not they will always be human and have good and bad games.  I mean they've had matches where they do well like you mentioned in other tournaments.  But maybe the bigger one was just a bit too much, different weird headsets, more people in the audience.  Just knowing all those people are watching you but you can't hear them due the headsets.  I mean the other thing to is even though they are an old team they still have issues that they haven't been able to fix since the beginning.  Jiji has always been a passive player, so that hurts mid a bit, the synergy between him and hotshot are there a bit like saint and jiji, but definitely not as well yet.  They definitely didn't pull out any innovative strats and went standard which they are not very good at.  Only thing remotely close was the SK game.  CLG needs to work on champion select comps as well.  I mean against Frost they picked Mundo jungle when they kind of had an idea they would probably pick Jax/already did and still picked Mundo.  I mean it's not like Jax was last pick I don't think.  Could have at least stopped his snowball atk speed with a malphie or something.  The other thing is the fact Hotshot is still new to the jungle, I mean it's been awhile since the swap, but the way he played showed his inexperience and that some of his builds may work in solo queue, but they don't work in tourneys.  Like getting a Doran's Shield on Mundo as your first item instead of a heart of gold to get money flowing in and building up his tank items.   Oh well what is done is done in the end.  I just wish CLG made it, but them predictions from past tourneys just didn't think would make it and they didn't.  The teams I believed would win Group A held true and pretty sure the same will happen with B with CLG.EU and Sword making it out.  I mean CLG has already lost a fair amount to Frost and IG so chances of them making it out of the group stage just got slimmer.  Still will support CLG NA though, still like them as team and individual players.
0	This actually happens because WebSense categorizes Reddit and Imgur differently. Imgur is in the "media sharing" category if I'm not mistaken, which gets blocked categorically by most companies who don't want employees browsing Youtube or Tumblr.  Reddit is classified differently depending on the subreddit. The front page is just under the "news" category, or some other category that isn't often filtered. Meanwhile, you may notice that while /r/AdviceAnimals and /r/science are accessible, you can't go to /r/WTF or /r/GoneWild, for example. It depends on the company and what filter they've chosen.  So there's no one actually going "Muahaha, I'll block Imgur but not Reddit to fuck with people!" They're probably going "Okay, don't want them going on Youtube or some shit so let's block media-sharing sites, but email and news is fine I guess, nobody spends an hour reading the news," and so most of Reddit is left in.
0	Had an ex try and break it off with me a few times.. I think. It's only looking back later I realised they were even attempts. At the time I thought we were just discussing problems etc but really she was just continually losing the nerve.   In the end  I  had to walk  her  through breaking up wit hme - we were fighting and it finally clicked, suddenly just asked "Wait a minute... do you want to break up with me?". Face said the rest. I really didn't want to but I've never seen the point when one person wants out - hanging about in relationships like that just lead to the person getting less and less attached until stupid things like cheating/etc happen.
0	Some people say that the definition of racism is that it is systemic, and therefore would not apply to white people in majority white/white privileged areas.
0	Look, this is not the common core.  This misconception drives me crazy. The common core asks educators to make sure that students understand methods rather than merely get results.  It does NOT require the particular methods that everybody says.  These are decisions that SCHOOLS and TEACHERS make in implementing the common core, because they are still thinking in dumb pre-core terms: they want grading to be easily quantifiable like it was when only the answer mattered. So they make one formula "the answer."  Common core actually asks for MORE FLEXIBILITY (so students can get MORE credit if they understand which formula to apply and why, but transpose a number in the answer, getting it "wrong").
1	Level 1 invades are honestly one of the things I enjoy most about watching league.   The absolute highest level of play with insane coordination.  Any team can stand on the "line of scrimmage" and monitor invades but if you watch Korea(more so in S3 or even eu) early invades were so exciting.  You actually hold your breath wondering if they are going to facecheck into that bush or blind hook/shen taunt etc.   I think that the whole lvl 1 kill = gg sucks but if they put a mechanic in to have a window of time to even up the gold after a first blood or something it would be great.  Maybe put a debuff on whoever gets first blood making them worth some more gold for a period of time after first blood?  It would be cool to have casters focus on say the mid laner after since he has a 5 minute debuff or something wondering if/when the other team is going to try and make a play on them.
1	Dude its not needed because the rank you are at is roughly the rank you deserve. Like im silver 2 so id belong somewhere in between Silver 4 and Gold 5 roughly in skill level and I know that. But when I did my provisionals on a smurf I got placed gold 3. Anygame I play on that account now I just get wrecked.(Well not completely wrecked but its not exactly fun lol) Its just a waste of rp to do it because elo hell does not exist. I noticed this when I first got to silver from bronze and my friends who were still in bronze duoed with me. I shit all over the enemy even though I should be pretty close in skill to them.
0	It must really suck hearing that your child will not or does not want to have children. Imagine being an adult and your great grandparents or something came to the country to help future generations live better like yourself. You carry a name from generations to be where you are. A branch on the family tree. Hearing that the person can't have kids or won't have kids is cutting everything that was built up till that point off... The end of the branch. It is your decision though. The way I also like to think about situations like gays adopting is that they are a branch that may end with them but they are helping a branch on a tree that is expected to not go further. They are sacrificing their branch for the chance in someone else's branch on a different tree to grow. It's absolutely amazing.  At the end of the day though it's up to you.
0	my school's nacho day used to be amazing.. now, all we get is a bag of tostitos scoops (60% air), one of those ketchup cups (the ones at McDonalds) with nacho cheese in it, and a small scoop of beef.
1	1)I both like and unlike the idea. I've seen such indicator in Allods and I like it a lot, but rather in MMORPS and it doesn't really matter- adc/mid should take most kills in teamfights, but it's fine if jungle/top take them or secure them.
0	You're right. I think a 50/50 split would the most fair, but let's be honest, the United States could not give less of a fuck about it's gifted and talented children. There were only 7.5 million dollars (the Michael K. Javitz fund I believe) set aside for G&T children at the federal level, and even that was scrapped when no child left behind was implemented. The problem (to me) is lumping all the two extremes of the spectrum together into "special needs", when they should certainly be separate entities. Also, the way NCLB is set up, schools practically have to ignore G&T kids and throw all the funding at kids with disabilities so that they don't fail the standards that NCLB sets for schools to secure their already meager funding. It also varies state by state. For example, my home state of New York is godawful about this, not mandating that students be serviced, or even identified as G&T.
0	It's also important to remember that silence isn't as much of a killer as it seems to be. Just relax and don't feel pressured and even introverted people will find other introverted people they're interested in. My best relationships were had because I walked up to the girl, said hi, and then continued to drink my [insert social drink here] only making slight idle comments as time passed by. They would tell me later that, while it was awkward at first, the casual persistence made them feel more comfortable. It will, admittedly, work less often than being charismatic, but that is pretty much why they call it charisma. Also, I am, in no way, good looking. I'm 6' and 260 pounds with very little muscle mass. I'm just pretty laid back and some girls like that. That and I don't take it personal when the other hundred girls I approach don't and walk off thinking I'm "boring."
0	Brevity is the soul of wit."   Adviceanimals memes can trace their origin back to 4chan's "Advice Dog."  Most Advice Dog posts consisted of only four words.  The reason it became so popular and spawned so many similar gags is that they're a very accessible form of humor; most Advice Dogs contained two thoughts, separated by his head, and the humor came from connecting them.   It is a medium's nature to change over time.  Insanity wolf is a good example, with most Insanity Wolf memes spanning about 8 or 9 words.  And that's fine.  Aside from being a little wordier, they retained all the other characteristics: one thought, a picture of the meme's mascot to set the context of the joke (i.e., it's Insanity Wolf, so these shouldn't make sense logically), and a second thought, with the humor being derived from the link between the two thoughts in that context.   The reason that Confession Bear, Actual Advice Mallard, Unpopular Opinion Puffin, etc., are so widely reviled is less because they're wordier and more because they're more complex in general.  For example, Scumbag Steve is constructed:   Setup   Steve's picture for context   Why he's a scumbag   Confession bear is structured differently, usually as:   Setup, what I did   Confession bear for context   Why I feel bad about what I did.   Both of these memes get wordy, but Confession Bear is an inherently more complicated presentation.   That's  why people don't like the stereotypically "wordy" advice animals.  Advice animal memes were popular because they were simple and formulaic, and that formula created a feeling of an in-joke.  Other memes are as just wordy as the ones that get hated on, but aren't any more complex; they still work in the "Advice Animal Meme" concept.  The more complex memes, typically waterfowl and bears, are disliked because they don't work like other memes.
0	Can we all calm down just a little bit on this one guys?  We don't need to create our own reaction that is just as bad as the reaction we are condemning here.  I have personally heard a lot of pretty accepting and nuanced commentary on Cuban's comments (listen to the first segment of PTI yesterday for a good example).   Of course the 24 hour news machine is going to go full tilt into outrage mode, that's their business model, it's how they make money.  I feel pretty safe in assuming that most of the people who frequent this site understand that.   We, as a culture, could definitely get better about talking about race.  I think all of us are sometimes guilty of retreating to our respective foxholes too quickly on this subject, regardless of which side of the issue we find ourselves on.  But if we want to get better about this, we can't just start lobbing grenades at each other and keep belly-aching about those damn racist bigots or those hypocritical SJWs who always/never blah blah blah blah . . . . We need to start taking each other seriously and realize that past a certain point of obvious, foaming at the mouth bigotry, we are all on the same side and that race is an issue that we are all trying to get better at.   My personal take on the subject is that Cuban raised a pretty good point about not necessarily exiling someone with views he considered inappropriate, but with trying to work with them and help them come around.  I don't necessarily feel like that applies to Donald Sterling here; but as a fellow NBA owner, I can see where he is worried about the precedent set by a guy being forced to sell his team over things he said in the supposed privacy of his own home.  However, the example of a black guy with a hoodie was kind of an unfortunate one and that he probably should have used a less charged example to get his point across, something [Cuban himself concedes](
0	Appreciate that. Sorry this will be a little long even though I'm just touching lightly on most of these subjects, but there's a lot that goes into my decision.   On the pro-Obama side, I've been quite impressed with his calculated and thoughtful approach to world politics. I have been quite impressed by his handling of our international and military affairs. The worldwide reputation of the US was greatly damaged during the Bush years. And Obama has gone along way towards repairing our relationships. And I have been impressed by his prosecution of the wars and conflicts we have been engaged in during his presidency.   And he actually has a pretty good record at home too. He oversaw the stabilizing of the entire US economy. We were in free-fall when he came into office. That's a pretty big thing. He oversaw the reversal of the loss of 800,000 jobs a month to a period of years of private sector job growth. And he oversaw the recovery of the auto industry. And he got Obamacare passed. That's something people have been trying to do since FDR. And while it may not be perfect, it's a change which at least forces the ball rolling. And there's a lot more but I'm already failing at keeping this short.   And on a human level, he strikes me as an extremely intelligent, caring man. And most importantly, as far as a politicians go, he seems to be one of the more open and honest ones around at his level. If you have examples that I should see that prove otherwise, I would certainly like to see them.   The main things that keep me from being a complete supporter are his failures to end some of the recent government surveillance programs, the lack of protection for and prosecution of whistle-blowers, his justice department's failure to respect state drug laws, and his failure to call out the lawmakers in Congress more directly for their obstruction. And lastly, I fault him for not making a better effort to try to bypass the media filters and speak frequently and directly to the American people.   Now turning to Romney, I find the lack of specifics about his plans extremely disconcerting. He keeps talking about his five-point plan. And it looks kind of impressive until you realize it is all just lofty goals without any specificity about how they can be achieved. Independent analysis has shown his numbers simply don't add up. The only way they can be achieved with his reduction in tax rates is if the middle-class ends up paying more. And when pressed for details, he has only said he would reveal them after elected. I want to know before the election so I can make an informed decision.   And given his failure to provide any specifics, one can only look at this record. Again, it looks quite impressive until you start digging into the details.   He first qualification was that he was a successful businessman at Bain Capital. To me, that alone would not qualify someone as a good presidential candidate because the goals of a business and the goals of a government are quite different things. And then when you actually look at this record there, there are a lot of things I find quite distasteful. There were some success stories like Staples, but there were others like KB Toys where they severely damaged the companies by burdening them with massive debt while the investors walked away rich. And the fact that they were a pioneer in off-shoring to China is a bit unsettling as well. There's a lot more that could be said on this subject.   Associated with that, I also don't like that has refused to follow precedent by not releasing at least three past years of tax returns.  That's pretty standard so his refusal to do so raised red flags.   And then there was his credentials of saving the Olympics. Yes he did an excellent management job by most accounts, but he also hit the federal government up for unprecedented amounts of money. They got around a half billion dollars because of Romney's efforts. And that really goes against what he says he stands for today.   And then there is his record as Governor of Massachusetts. Again, it looks good on paper. But when you look into the details, it's not so good. He lowered taxes while he was there. But he also raised and added new fees that ended up making government cost significantly more for lower and middle-class people while reducing the burden of those at the top of the income scale. And it also appeared that once he had the job on his resume, he did not care to actually do the work. He was out of the state all or part of over 200 days in his last year running around the country trying to get ready for his presidential run in 2008.   So since he won't tell us his plans, we can only go off his records. And the kind of things he's done don't look they are going to help the people of the middle-class who have been getting their butts kicked pretty much since the 1970s.   And on a more human level, I have to say I don't find him trustworthy at all. And it's not just the frequent, well-documented lying. I just don't trust his character. It appears this is a man who was not propelled to the candacy by his drive to help, but rather someone who set his sites on the job and directed the last twenty years of his life towards trying to get it. And it may not be politically correct to say, but his participation as a bishop in the Mormon church is unsettling to me. I've read some pretty disturbing things about that church.
1	More like people  que  queue up, find a game, pick a champ, go to kitchen or toilet, someone dodges and they are not there to accept the next game.
0	I'm not sure where I came up with this, but - don't look for the sugar. Once you have what the sugar looks like in your head, you'll blot out everything else. If the bag (box, jar, whatever) isn't exactly how you're picturing it - it may as well not even be there. Instead, clear your mind and use your eyes - if it helps, name each object as your gaze passes over it. At that point it should jump out at you. I have had some success with this method.
0	It will increase libido, but it also has the effect of making you less attracted to your partner.  The reason for this is that naturally we are attracted to the pheromones of individuals who are genetically dissimilar to us (which accounts for much of your initial attraction to your partner), but the hormones in birth control reverse this effect, essentially tricking your body into thinking it is pregnant (so you don't ovulate) and in effect causing you to seek the company of people whose pheromones tell you they are genetically similar to yourself (or family).  Protection of the larger group is essential for pregnant women in our evolutionary history.
0	First time i learned i could unsub, i ran to make an account. They will come into any heart-felt comment fest and wreck it. Believe it or not, conversations like this would happen in /r/atheism between me and an atheist. Then the hivemind would come and downvote both of us. Basically denouncing their fellow because he didnt try to put me down.
0	There is a video that explained the difference of male/female brains. Guys have a brain full of boxes, none of the boxes touch and they all stay organized and in their place. Ie. Tv box, sex box, beer box, game box, food box, angry box, happy box, etc...When a guy feels some emotion other than happiness he takes emotion and puts it into the "nothing" box. Doesn't need to talk about or resolve it just let it be until it can be fixed.   Females brain is a web of intersecting emotions and events. Ie. a grilled cheese making her cry cuz thats what sarah was eating when she found out wendys sisters caught hiv from some douche. When she the female experiences any emotion she must talk through it to relate it to every event she has ever felt that before.   The problem is that guys want to fix situations because we are hard wired to do so or we just leave them alone. Women do not want solutions they literally just want to talk. We guys mess up by trying to provide solutions or advice when all we should do is listen. Ladies expect the guy to talk about when all they should do is offer a beer and an ps3 controller.
1	21 offense is rather questionable on Ryze   Past the 10% magic pen--ask yourself, 'What does Ryze get out of these masteries?   The physical damage and Armor Pen ones are obviously useless, and Ryze gets very little out of the AP (Blast/Archmage). Havoc is okay, I don't personally get it, but I can see it being a personal preference thing. Executioner is a pretty good spell, BUT you have to skill four points each into Blast/Archmage, which are next to useless for Ryze.   Is Executioner worth having those 8 essentially  wasted  mastery points? With Ryze being the tanky-type character he is, there's no reason not to skill into defense.   The problem I have with utility, as I mentioned above, is that going too deep into that tree, you have to waste mastery points on those weird support-type skills.
0	Story time!   In fourth grade I had a friend and his name was Kato. He had come to my house a few times to spend the night and I thought it would be cool if we went to his house for a change. He lived in this giant old Victorian house with his grandmother older brother(7th grade) and father. Now his father was in a wheel chair for something. Could not move his legs but could wheel himself around, he talked kinda slow but still communicated fine. We hung out and played Nintendo until his older brother came home late around 6pm instead of right after school like he was supposed to. They found out his older brother was out and about and stole some stuff from a swap meet. So his dad starts yelling at him in front of us and his grandmother. It gets to the point were his father tries to discipline the older brother but him being handicap made it hard. His older brother fought him off a few times before he ran to the stairs. At this point his brother turned and started taunting his father with stuff like "Oh come up the stairs if you can cripple old man, try and get me, come on you can do it, oh wait you cant walk ahahahah" It got to the point were his dad clawed his way out of his wheel chair and started climbing the stairs on his hands. While he was trying to climb the stairs the older brother would push him down the stairs a few steps or slap him in the face while he was trying to make it up the steps. All while taunting him calling him cripple. It ended with the older brother laughing as he went up the stairs to his room. His father sat crying at the bottom of the steps, out of his wheel chair and his grandmother crying and yelling at the older brother. Kato was in tears but not making any noise. After his dad got back in his chair his grandmother came to me and said "Come child ill take you home now". I asked if Kato wanted to come spend the night and she said it wouldn't be a good idea for him to stay over at my place. Kato left my school after a month and I really never heard from him again. Kinda sad, wonder what happened to him.
0	I live in the suburbs of Detroit, Michigan and nobody dares to keep their shoes on when going inside. It's not as if it's an insult, people will just yell at you for tracking mud around the house (even if there is no mud anywhere), and people will take their shoes off in public for whatever excuse they can think of. It's less that we don't trust the ground in our houses but that we don't want to get the floor dirty. Shoes are seen as protection from the ground, and are therefore dirtied by what is on whatever public ground you were recently on. It's that I don't want muck from the street in my kitchen. If you are sitting on a couch and want to put your feet up, I would rather you put your protected feet or socks up than muck-infested foot-protectors.   Taking shoes off is also like putting hats on a hat rack; it's a sign of welcome and friendliness. It is often paired with the phrase: "come in, make yourself at home." People who keep their shoes on either look like they are leaving or like they are extremely uncomfortable in your house, or they look like they are really stressed about something to the point that taking shoes off seems unimportant, at which point someone tells you to take your shoes off, to relax yourself, to keep your mind off it.   Well, that's my interpretation of Michigan's shoe etiquette, at least.
1	I love people who play champs as bot lane support without really knowing why. I can only assume its because riot list her as a support, which is technically true looking at her abilities. However, Riot also list Teemo, Kayle, Lux, Nidalee as supports; you don't often see those bot lane, since they have other strengths. (they can work, obviously, but then most champs can)
1	Did anyone else skip to
1	I like to do the other way around on this.  Last night I was 3rd pick expressed my desire to mid, and last pick said "hey do you mind if I mid, I'm best at that role"  So I said Sure, and I played support   Mid is my best role too, but I rather be flexible and help the team morale stay high than be a self righteous jerk and ruin the team's chances of winning before the game even starts.   The mid in question by the way roamed to bot lane a lot, helping us dominate there, chat was full of "Good job" when stuff went well and "Close one/Good try" went stuff went bad.  Raging was low and I believe it helped the team focus on the game.  Don't be stubborn no matter when you pick, and you will find good results.
0	Alright, I'mma explain what I was thinking, even though I really think it doesn't deserve to be explained.   I wasn't getting why you would not have enough in the future, because you wouldn't be limited after finals, whereas during finals, the amount of alcohol would be limited. The only case I could think of would be if you couldn't afford it.   As such, I figured it should've been "The alcohol I need to consume at the moment is too damn high", "The alcohol I can consume at the moment is not high enough", or "The alcohol I will need to consume is too damn high" or something like that.
0	As someone who works on the corporate side of Nu Skin, it's a really great company to work for and provides a lot of foreign language speaking jobs for all the returned LDS missionaries in Provo. It's the main reason I've kept up on my Korean for this long.   Yes, there are distributors who sell the product and try to rope people into it in ways that are less than correct. We do have a compliance department that goes after people who try to defraud you. I wouldn't recommend people out of college to get into the distributorship side of it though, the products are pricey and I have no idea why anyone fresh out of college would try to do it. On the other hand, working for corporate kicks butt and I've had a really enjoyable experience here.   If you are seeing job postings for us, it is for corporate. Things like the warehouse doing shipping, or in the call center working with distributor questions, or even higher level jobs in R&D, marketing, and so forth.  We don't post any jobs out there knocking doors doing sales like you get with Vivint or Vector. The only way you'd be doing that is if someone in your neighborhood was selling the product, introduced you to the company, and tried to get you to sign up under them to be a distributor.   I totally get the hate on MLM's, when I was a kid my dad used to do one called Equinox. They sold various natural supplements, and in the end were taken to court shutdown and liquidated. My parents still have old Equinox products and logo gear at their house from when it went away. Don't believe the 'get rich quick' things you hear all the time because life just isn't that easy. Being a distributor in any MLM is hard, really hard, and it is not the easy road to millions. You have to be able to get out there every day and sell sell sell. For some, the business really clicks with them and they do eventually build up a large customer base. But it takes years for that to happen.
1	Mumzy. Why don't the noobs just win more games and carry out of bronze?   Because darling, they belong there. If they were good they wouldn't be in bronze. They like to say that an abundance of trolls and retards in the bottom end of the spectrum causes wild and imbalanced matches, but really its because they suck. I mean think about it. If they were good, that must mean the other team has a higher chance of getting 5 bad people and they only getting 4   But why don't you take in consideration that the other team has a good player? Isn't that a pretty arrogant assumption? Until RIot releases data on where the most toxic players propagate, how can you say confidently that anyone going into a ranked match at low elo has better than 50% chance at getting less trolls than the other team?   They're Bronze Elo Scrubs.   Oh! Thank you Mumzy! And thank you for duoing with me and helping me place in silver 1. Those bronzies are so stupid!   EDIT: I'm not bronze but played enough games to know that it's bullshit to assume being good is the only thing affecting whether you win or lose. Trolls are not afker's, afker's are not noobs, and noobs are not trolls. You deal with a lot of shit at that elo and if you lose too many game early on, it's incredibly hard to climb out, regardless of what you personally think from your Gold pedestal.
1	I have played a shitton of Jax, and he is by far my favorite characters in league, and one of the reasons I enjoy the game so much. With that said, I would like to discuss an alternative AP based Jax build involving stuff like lichbane, rylais, gunblade and dcap. I've played him that way a couple of times against AP heavy teames, and while it's not quite as viable in most situations; Holy shit is it ever fun. Turns him into a burst champ that can blow someones HP bar to null every three or four seconds when spells come off cd. Downsides are not getting as tanky as the AD/ Hybrid builds, but you can't have everything now can you?
1	Dude, you are a disgrace to this community. Can you please go back to CoD to troll people, we don't want people like you to ruin our community.   I mean, you are suggesting us to cheat random people. What the fk ? Would you do that in real life to totally random people ?
1	In short, the real reason is probably due to Hotshotgg's champion pool and their subsequent strategies due to the fact he only plays tanky top laners. They play protect the Doublelift every single game, and with S3 changes and with the fact that Doublelift is no longer God Tier above all the other ADCs (not sure if he's slumping or others just caught up) so it simply doesn't work anymore. Everyone knows that all you have to do is shut down Doublelift and you win. It's obviously easier said then done since CLG have amazing experience, but if you shut down the megathreat that is Doublelift, all they have to worry about left is Link who can't seem to carry the team.
1	Nice comparison. Though sometimes stars are just too far ahead, and its rules dont apply. While i was smurfing, many times lategame lets say 2-3 members of my team went chasing enemy, while other 4 were missing. Usually conclusion is simple - its a bait that will end up in unfavorable teamfight (like 3 vs 5) so i ping to go back and stay in range high enough not to get caught, but close enough to help them escape when they finally see its a bait ... and turns out enemies were totally elsewhere on the map and it would be easy pick. (Numbers of allies and enemies may vary, but you get the idea).
0	I was really mad about being lied to about Santa.  But I also had trust issues about a lot of things as a kid.  So I chose to never say anything definitive about his being real or not.  I never said Santa brought them presents, but they absorbed it from movies, friends, school, etc.  I just let them believe it, but not reinforcing it, if they chose to.  When they asked me about it around 4 or 5, I told them the truth.  It was very important that they didn't tell anyone at school though.  I didn't want them to ruin it.
0	Comment from roommate:  "I don't believe it. It has only been a week-- I would believe that level of craziness if it were a longer relationship, and if he were going to study abroad and she took a mold of his penis. This just doesn't seem realistic."
1	EDIT:  I have been mostly proven wrong, so go ahead and disregard this post. Won't delete it for sake of keeping my mistakes open, but yeah; might as well save you guys the trouble of reading.   Honestly, you've said a lot of it yourself. I can't exactly call MF 'strong' right now, but in terms of actual  reasoning  behind how her abilities scale, you're telling how it is.   >W: Scales with AD however it deals magic damage   > R: Deals Physical damage but scales exclusively with AP also applies W stacks which scale with AD but deal magic damage.   You still build AD and Armor Penetration on MF; hell, one of her strongest items is the Black Cleaver. But she's a champion who is at her most powerful in the early-mid game. She's a lane bully, and the point to that is in the damage typing. While it's not as effective as say, Corki, the fact that she deals a decent amount of magic damage on top of her physical damage means that even if you build armor against her, you're still going to be dealing with her magic damage hitting against you.   To give a numbers example:   With one rank in Bullet Time, her W deals an additional 6% of her AD on her first attack  as magic damage , with each attack dealing an additional stacking 6%, up until it reaches max stacks--with that one rank in her ult, it comes to a total of 36%. So if MF has 150AD, her max stack attacks are hitting for--before armor--150 physical damage and 54 magic damage. She crits? There's a total of 429 mixed damage.   You're not wrong about her weakness right now, but you seem to be analyzing her in regards to something she's not. She's not a late game, shred the team ADC. Though the scaling on her full-hit ult is pretty huge.   To wit - 384% AD if someone's standing in it for the entire duration. Add a 1000 base damage to that, and the fact that MF tends towards buying Black Cleaver, and you're looking at a world of pain. That 365 AD MF? 2800  mixed  damage across an entire team. It's not as much DPS as someone more powerful late game, but it's really nothing to scoff at.   But you're right. She's not strong. She needs some love--but at the same time, fuck if she ain't fun to play at times.   ~Don't take anything I say as law I suck at this game but I felt like explaining things a bit.~
1	I had the same problem but in solo queue ranked. I was bot graves with a soraka (supposed) support that was stealing farm and using her Aoe thingy (to tired to remember the name of the spell) and stealing all my creeps then starts complaining im a horrible AD carry.
0	I hate those prisons. I truly hate them. I'm really sorry you had to go through what I went... I guess I'll share my story, and hopefuly I'll make some people realize that these camps are... more than evil. As a kid I really denied any form of authority. I often harrased teachers, and the idea of a great man in the sky ruling over me was not only ridicoulous to me, but also hazardous... I came out to my (extremist) parents at the age of 14. They cried, threatened me, did everything they could to turn me back into a robot... About 1 month after I came out, 3 men came into my house at night, and told me to stay quiet and walk with them. I tought it was a kidnapping, as most people who experience this... I walked into the van, and they explained themselelves. I was shocked and filled with hate, but I knew I shouldn't do anything, the van was small and I couldn't defend myself. My first day at that prison was horrible... everything I did was supervised, and also controlled. The only time I got some "privacy" was at night, 10 o'clock. After 1 week I just couldn't take the authority, and I was put in isolation. Two months. Two.  ** ing. Months. After the first month I began hearing voices in my head, and after another week, the voices formed into a big, strong voice... I only had one conversation with it.   Voice : "Escape." Me : "How?" Voice : "Strong. Then Kill."   After the last sentence I never heard it again. But it was enough. I knew my goal. At the time I had about 100 lbs... I was skinny, I didn't have force... I was helpless. Every time I got out of isolation, I said "  God.". All I did in isolation was exercise. I was so full of hate I didn't care about time... In there there was no natural light, just a little crack... I had no clock, so I would just look at the crack while exercising.. Everytime light started to get through the crack, meaning it was day, it was a great achievment. I felt.. great. Small things where all I had, so it was incredible... I exercised in there for 8 months... breaks of 20 minutes, exercises for 1 and a half. And repeat. Repeat. Repeat... After 8 months, I finnaly got out... everyone was so surprised I didn't shout "  God.". For about 4 days I was heavily looked at by all the guards... that was the day I began the brainwashing. They thought the isolation broke me down. It only made me stronger. Everytime I entered the brainwashing room I would see a broken window. The room was on the first floor, so I could get out without too much damage. But I was... nowhere. Nowhere meaning a forest. I could run, of course, but how long would the forest last? I didn't know. Forest was freedom. Freedom is good. So I got to get in the forest. One day, instead of the 5 athletic guys that went with me to the room, there were only 2 janitors. I was so surprised... yet calm. I knew that was my day. As I was approaching the window, I felt some adrenaline going up my spine... I quickly headlocked one guy while kicking the other with one foot, and managed to pull a neck break on the headlocked guy.. I got ready, then jumped off the window. I fell, rolled, and managed to don't get hurt bad... I was running, running, running... I could hear some sounds, but I was so thrilled I didn't pay attention.. after about 4km running I finnaly stopped. I could feel freedom. It was... beautiful. I heard a " ! Watch how you're driving, man!". My instinct moved me, and I approaced a yellow car... "Please.. just.. let me come." The guy looked at me surprised, then told me to get in. After about half an hour, when I recovered, he asked me my story, but I was still afraid. What if he would get me to the cops? What if he was one of them? I didn't know. I just said "No time to explain. Where are you going?". He said Florida. I arrived in Florida at the age of 15. I'm 19 now, and I never spoke with my parents again, and will never do it. I truly hate them. But the experience made me realize how important free will is. .. aaaaand I grew  ing awesome muscles. Thanks for reading so far ! I means a lot to me that I can share my story... it hurts even now, after 4 years.
1	Lots of people here saying "click the terrain, not the entrance". Yes, that is how you do it. However, for thin walls like baron, second turret jungle wall, and a few others success rate decreases dramatically, often pathing us around the wall during a team fight. This could be solved by a larger area to click, right at the entrance of the tunnel. Someone said a meep that takes you through, I think a chime would be more appropriate since they speed you up. Meeps would definitely be cooler though.
0	Yup. Stuck my dick in crazy once, clawed my way out before shit got too real. She wasn't openly crazy out of the gates, but there were enough minor red flags for me to see things heading south before she murdered my pets or anything too extreme. Still took  months  to fully get her out of my house/life/etc. I cringe when I read about people using the L word within a few weeks of meeting someone. What do you expect?
1	You're only one person : you only comprise  20% of the team.  That's not a majority. You do not have the benefit of a pre-made professional team who can elect a leader. You are all in purgatory together, and pretty much each and every one of you wants to get out. When you have five people who each have to rely on other people to determine their own fate: things can get ugly. Nearly every game in SoloQ is an example of this, whether on your team or the other, someone is pissed at someone else for "throwing" and determining their fate. People  don't like to give up control .   So what do you do, then? How do you make a gameplan? You do your best. You get so damn good at what you do that you earn the SoloQ trust. When I played Cassiopeia from 1000~ elo up, I'd firstblood the enemy laner, end up with 3-4 kills by the time I got my first blue buff, the constantly go bottom/top and secure kills. My AD Carry trusted me because I'd gotten him a double kill, and he knew it. Top liked me because I counter ganked and gave him an assist and a kill. Hell, I even kept wards up at all times and called my MIAs diligently even though I try to watch the map and not rely on people calling them. After about 10 minutes of showing people that you're reliable, and a strong player, you should [without being pretentious] be able to start making calls, politely. Most people have a sense of how the game works, so if you get a kill bottom and your toplaner is getting ganked by the jungler, you call the Dragon and people will go "Yeah! Good idea. I thought of that one too. Go me!" And they'll DO it. I gained 300 Elo in two weeks with this mentality. I'm still rising. I expect to hit 1400 soon. Then 1500. I want to be good at this game, and so do you. Why else would you be here? So  take these words and use them as you will.   I wish you all the best in your endeavors and hope to see you on the Fields of Justice soon!~   PS: Feel free to add me to chat or play some games, Oskjuvatn - NA. If anyone has anything to add or any specific ideas feel free to post them. If I'm completely out to lunch, tell me as well. I'll change it. I'm fairly sure most of the information here is at least reasonably correct. I may go over this a few more times and adjust the formatting to help deal with the whole "wall of text thing." No, there's no
0	That really sucks man.  My therapist and I were talking about why people get married and have kids the other day.  She said a lot of people find that sens of purpose more appealing and rewarding in the long run then constant immediate gratification.  It really sucks that you've lost that.  Maybe talk to your children about it.  Tell them how it would meen the world to you if you could do something for them.  Find a hobby, a club, do some charity work, something that makes you feel like you're helping/making a difference to someone/something you care about.  You can do it.
0	Sorry, dude(tte), you are wrong.  Federal jurisdiction is not conferred simply because a subject fled to another state after committing a grand larceny.  (Certain offenses may become a federal crime under those circumstances, such as kidnapping or bank robbery, because they have an interstate nexus.  Larceny does not.)  Depending on the circumstances, the warrant may be extraditable, meaning if the suspect were caught in another state, they would be returned to the original state to face  state  charges.   Furthermore, there would be no additional charges for fleeing unless the suspect had already been arrested and fled while on bail/pre-trial release.   Finally, under no circumstances would she go to a federal prison.  Ignoring the fact that there is no federal crime here, there is no room in federal prison.  In fact, the federal government contracts with state prisons to house many of their prisoners, particularly pre-trial.
0	It's psychological. I was at the hospital recently because of a broken femur and couldn't get to the toilet. They have these urinals for cases like this. Basically a plastic bottle where you put in your penis and have at it. I couldn't do it. I really needed to pee, but I couldn't. And I couldn't get up and go to the toilet. I was rolled into surgery shortly afterwards and the doc said he would take care of my piss problem too. I had a catheter when I woke up. It's a weird feeling. You pee almost constantly. And getting the thing out sucks big time. I was able to go to the toilet 2 days after the surgery after they removed the catheter. Since getting up without help was still not possible, I ultimately managed to piss in the plastic bottle in my bed. This had the unfortunate side effect that I pissed in my own bed as I got home whilst asleep. Fuaaark.
0	As a dishwasher  at a busy casual bar here in Canada I kinda can confirm about this. I'm glad finally someone posts this! I'm trying to move my way up to be a chef! I guess it's where it all starts is the dish-pit!   I remember one time I was so behind and it was like 1 am and there was a guy drinking all alone and when I went to sign out, he gave me $50. It made my entire week cause I was still in high school (last year)   Another story is that some guy got so flippin' drunk an he puked all over the restaurant bathroom floor right by the toilet and I was sent out to clean it. I was so disgusted and pissed off, so a regular customer came up to me and said "You work way too hard being a dishwasher, here's $20" it made me really happy and much better.
0	Actually, blacks and whites commit crimes pretty much equally, blacks are just profiled/targeted more often, leading to a larger ratio of blacks in the prison system than whites. I think domestic violence is wrong, both ways (man on woman, or woman on man.) And although some victims of rape are in the prison system, it is also men in the prison system who perpetrate the rape. Female on male rape is recognized in statistics, although, it's under-reported and men are less likely to report it or take it to court. Women are also much less likely to get harsh sentences if/when they are convicted.   I believe child abuse might occur more with women because women are the primary care takers of children in America usually... If men were the primary care-takers of children, those statistics would probably swing the opposite.
1	For those that can't access facebook:   >7 straight wins.  7 straight losses.   >I'm sure a lot of people are interested in knowing what's going on in the team and I felt like it was a good moment to share another couple of feelings and thoughts about our recent performance.   >First off, we managed to grab 7 decisive wins in a row, some close ones some rather one-sided, but we always managed to be on the winning side.   >I believe at one point it got to our heads, like any human being probably would've, and we started preparing less for the games and our practice quality got lower and lower, which should never happen.   >This ended up with us losing a lot of games in a row, where 6/7 of the last games where mainly out of team-coordination issues, with the exception of yesterday's performance versus CPHWOLVES where we lost only due to individual mistakes. I also believe all of the other teams in the EU LCS are really good and I'm not taking anything away from anyone, and I'd like to give props to those for playing well and showing passion towards the game.   >Going back to the team-coordination issue, where we lack decisive call making, aggressive movement paths and superior rotations which was our strengths in the first weeks. I believe it all comes down to confidence level where after winning so much and then suddenly losing, the confidence among us got shattered.   >I'd there-for like to ask you guys to write some positive comments towards my teammates to boost their confidence level, tell them they are the best as long as they want to be the best, I'm sure they would appreciate it as much as I would.   >Last off, I'd like to say that we're gonna work harder then ever, dedicate and put effort into the game and make all of you guys proud to be a FNATIC supporter.   >
1	My god. Look, I totally get that there are certain rules in place, and if you're not going to enforce them, you can't seriously expect people to comply with them. That said, I do seriously think a particular person has a stick up a particular part of their body. Sure, there's a reason to remove said thread - but that doesn't make it  reasonable  to do so.   I'm just thinking back to that one thread about Rammus where everyone just started spamming "Ok.". Was it against the rules? Yeah. But it was also absolutely hilarious.
1	Another girl here. Pretty much what's been said on your family's part about old-fashioned gender roles. Being a girl who plays all my friends and boyfriend take it in stride, and love it. I've been told by a lot of guys they've wished their girlfriends wanted to play video games with them. It's great fun. I think it's also more that girls themselves still feel maybe they shouldn't be playing games. Some weird self-thing that discourages them from opening their minds because they'd be considered "weird" / "otaku (game obsessed hermit"/ just out of the ordinary.
1	That's not what it says. But it's pretty close.   The Graph shows how much average gold a role should be getting. Same as during the Midshotgg era of CLG they took a lot of gold from mid, Nintendude gets way less gold than should be "average." Basically what this means is, while Oddone would be getting an ancient golem and locket, Nintendude would barely finish his ancient golem.
1	i dont think so becasue yesterday there was this annie who was completely bad and fed katarina midlane. she ended 1/7/2 after 20minutes. me as the jungler tried to help her and gank but she couldnt engage on katarina, she was just bad and didnt feed intentionally. after that a 4vs4 teamfight broke out bottom and we got all 4 and annie got 2 kills out of it. i complimented the team and after that we just owned the other team who had a fed katarina. their bottom lane also dominated our bottom lane but they werent feeding intentionally , neither was annie. its intetntionally feeding if they say it and buy boots of mobility and stuff.
0	I think most people just don't know how to respond, which leads to them thanking you for your service.  We're programmed to revere the military; you can't see a veteran on the news, at a public event, etc. without him/her being thanked for his/her service.  Bear in mind, I'm not making a judgment here - just stating a fact.  I'm no psychologist, but I'd say many of our basic interactions are based on societal expectations re: similar social programming.   Thus, people you encounter automatically revert to the "oh I should show her that I'm thankful" reaction.  Problem is, people feel obligated to say something,  but were never taught how to respond to military wives in particular.
1	Honestly, I know where you're coming from. I was really scared of pvp from level 15-30 and only played bots. One day I just decided to stop playing bots and play way more pvp. I sucked a lot at the beginning but I was motivated by the fact that my friends were all getting better than me because I just played bots. I then realized that league is basically just a bunch of really trivial things you need to be good at and knowing when to use them. So I practiced all of those "little things" like csing in customs, harassing in lane, clearing the jungle, timers. Eventually I just started using all of those little things in cohesion and became a good player. Now normal games are pretty much insta-win unless the rest of my team fails miserably and my wins/losses in ranked are 70/30. The only thing keeping me in silver I right now are poor decision-making and map awareness.
1	I hate how every time a pro player or any public figure posts a text there's always a retarded biased wrong
1	The biggest objective reason outside of player feelings is that in SC its possible to get shut down to the point you just dont have resources left to compete OR you dont have the skill required to use the minimum resources needed to make a come back. In LoL "resources" (creeps) constantly spawn so you can lose ground for a long time while perhaps even gaining power from resources at a faster rate than your winning opponent.   The other objective reason is of course death timers, if your team can stall to the point the power difference is lessened (or you get lucky) than one team fight or one pick can win you the game. At no point in SC is your opponent not doing something.
0	I finally have a relevant story for you all. Ok, me and my buddy and our dates were in Downtown Indianapolis 4 years ago. Around Christmas.  This guy confronts us saying his car is in the shop and has a broken rim and his debit card got locked and his dad is sick and he works at Purdue as a floor scrubber ect ect. My buddy gives him like 7 dollars cash and we go about our way. I assumed he was a pan - handler to begin with but oh well.   Forward to this year. Me and my Fiancé were again in downtown Indy. A guy confronts us. Starts In with the same story and I realize pretty shortly he is THE SAME GUY!! I politely tell him no and immediately tell my Fiancé about the night 4 years ago and made a status on Facebook tagging the 3 that were with me that night. They all remember him and other friends of mine have had his "story" as well.
1	This probbaly goes agaisnt what most people are saying but i havent had much succes with him since the buff. I played him 3 time(which is a sample too small to says if hes viable) and i had very little succes with him   I had a great ganks, decent clear time and insane buff control but it just wasnt enought. In the 3 games, I probbaly had something like 60% of their wraith and we went in their jungle and stole almost every single buff but i still lost 2 of them.   One game went on to long and it reached the point where i did nothing(other than a sweet Baron steal) I did no damage, they had to many ways to interupt my ult(even with banshes) and my bloodboil wasnt enought to warrant a double support.   The other game, 3 of us got caught by the tele+global combo they had and the game reverse-snowballed afer that attempt at golem   The problem is that nunu is still very high risk/low reward. You need succefully to invade to stay even with the other jungler and if you fail you can setyouserlf behind. counterjungling while behind is incredibly hard to do so you lose your main trick. Nunu is a very team reliant jungler because even if you steal every buff your mid can still lose. You cannot directly impact in the game and you can only hope you lane will do well when you give them the advantage. For that reason, i doupt he is viable in soloQ but i can see him behing a monster in competitive play   Champion like shyvana, udyr, mundo and skarner still clear way to fast and there are very little room to steal their stuff  because they glide throught the jungle dispensing death. The only thing you can actually counterjungle is their buff and after stealing the first set they jsut grouped at the buff and denied our attempt   Other champion like Nautilus, maokai, malphite, amumu generaly get most of their gold with the gp5 ad gank.  The counterjungling wont cripple them that badly and sthey still do very well with little items. Even if they only have shurelia, Hog, boots and aegis/frozen heart at the 50min mark they still have more engadge power and you cc than you do. They will win in teamfight because their ability set is better than yours   Against jungler that are farm depending(but not ultra fast)  nunu is a beast . With the help of you mid you can do insane stuff and completely denie thier jungler.  i was a against a nocturne the game i won and he couldnt do anything   I feel like Nunu is very close to viability but i needs a small boost to his consume(so it has a use lategame). Maybe a debuff that amplify damage of soemthing...
0	Stop trying to justify it. I'm sure you are also exaggerating about his comments. He wasn't representing his company, he was on his personal profile, so don't go trying to say you were letting his company know as if he was on their profile. Also, guess what, he has a right to his hateful opinion and words, and youre not gonna change him.
1	I honestly hope that bot lane gets significantly fewer ganks this season. Mainly because I think Rush Hour is really solid in a 2v2 situation. I don't think they NEED ganks to gain an advantage in lane. I think that time could be better spent getting the other lanes ahead or putting the other jungler behind in most situations.
1	tsm makes so few mistakes, that once they get an advantage they rarely lose it. by that metric, mfs weakness is that she falls off late game(in the context of high elo/ tourney play). this is because her ult requires channeling which at 40 miniutes will do far less damage than just autos effectively reducing her to 3 skills in most situations. as well part of what makes her early game so strong is not only that double up allows for out of range pokes but it also resets the attack so you can get an auto off then immediately double up for more dmg.
0	I do not think the USA will launch a nuke at NK except if we are somehow getting decimated and it's the only way to slow down North Korea. South Korea, Japan, and China are way too close to not be affected by the nuclear fallout. We would be harming our "allies" (China is being a bitch, but we are still economic allies) unnecessarily. Our missile defense system would shoot the missile down, make a quick phone call to SK and their 600k man army will proceed to invade NK along with US troops stationed there, to be joined by US marines and the US navy shortly thereafter. Navy will take control of the skies in a few days and proceed to bomb the shit out of NK military bases and look for additional nuclear launch sites to either take out from the sky or drop in special forces to neutralize. All while the South Korean army and US marines proceed to whoop the shit out of them until the US army shows up, then it becomes a slaughter. North Korea may have a larger standing army at the moment, but US soldiers are much better trained and equipped plus we would have an influx of volunteers and if that isn't enough (which I seriously doubt, who wouldn't enlist if a country just tried to nuke your country?)   Oh wait, North Korea tried to attack the US with nuclear weapons unprovoked? Hello UN forces, glad you guys can join the party.   Basically it's going to be the Korean war all over again, except this time we are going to finish the job.
1	The issue I see here isn't about breaking the meta.  It's about the fact that many LoL players do not know how to play certain positions.   The most difficult two being jungle and support (not because they're hard, but because very few people play them, they don't want the responsibility of that position).   IMO the part of LoL that needs to change are the people who are queuing for ranked games that get first picks and force the 4th or 5th pick to go support (even if they've never played it) and then rage at them in the game for playing the position poorly (no shit idiot, they either don't play it or don't play it enough to be good at it).   If the current meta is so crucial then more of these 1st and 2nd pick players would be grabbing support and jungle and leaving top mid and bot carry to the players who have played those positions a lot with champs that they're good at.  Having an entire team playing champs that they know how to play is more important to me than having a support bot lane who doesn't know what the fuck they're doing.  And honestly, if having a support was so important then it would be the first pick in solo queue like it is many times in pro matches.  But solo-queue players are in it for #1 and they only want people to pick a support because "that's how I see it done when I watch streams of good players."   Problem is, you (the player) aren't that good.  So shut the fuck up and let the last picks get champs that they're good with and can play well.  Honestly the only position that I care about is that my team has a jungler so that we have 3 lanes earning solo xp.
0	A bit of advice in the future. When you're on the internet, it's pretty fucking silly to talk about having a rational argument. Rational argumentation takes place IN PERSON or at least over webcam where refutation can take an effective foothold. Arguing over the internet only appeals to intellectual cowards.   Now if you'd like me to educate your in person, we can have a live debate over webcam if you'd like.   >Your behavior in an anonymous environment lends me to believe you are an uneducated and or unstable person. That does not engender a desire to meet you in person, so I will happily decline that offer. The way one behaves in an anonymous environment is indicative of the way one would behave were one not constrained by society's expectations. Your behavior and arguments so far reflect poorly upon you. You appear as a child railing against, what he sees as, oppression by some authority figure. Perhaps instead of insulting people and immediately escalating arguments to the point of internet screaming, you could state your case in a logical and rational manner. This approach is much more likely to get a positive response, and you may even be able to convince people to see your point of view. Your arguments and response are very similar to that of people when confronted with arguments that conflict with their worldview. Instead of arguing against a statement attacks are made against the person who made the statement. This is an attempt to discredit the person who made the statement as opposed to discrediting the validity of the statement. It is commonly referred to as an ad hominem attack. Another form of argument, which I have seen you use, is to redirect the statement as equivalent to something else which is only mildly connected and perceived as much worse. this is referred to as a straw man attack. All that said you could also just be a troll, in which case I'm wasting my time.
1	You still shouldn't rush liandries with both of them. They have good ap scaling and they don't need to deal with 4k hp tanks early but with 1k hp or less. Obviously, liandries is good item for late game for both of them.
0	Oh lol.  Just read the
0	I think this thread is better than most.   Yeah, there are guys who place their hurt feeling above the feelings of women (or anyone, really) who gets freaked out by someone walking behind them when they are walking alone.   A good percentage of men in this thread who bring up their hurt feelings are also looking for ways to mitigate the situation and make women they are walking behind more comfortable.   I for one am primarily concerned with finding ways to be less threatening.  I am not a threat, but there is no way for a stranger on the street to know that, so I want to visually minimize my ability to  be  a threat.  I understand why a woman would feel threatened by me, and I don't take it personally.   I believe all of that in my heart, but it still hurts my feelings.  I don't think that's "trivial", even if I myself believe it to be of less importance than your (or the-hypothetical-woman-walking-in-front-of-me's) fear of assault.
1	This is a point which is all too often overlooked. Just because someone is a lower/higher rank than someone else, doesn't mean that they are necessarily right or wrong about anything. Its just like how in sports (football for example) coaches call the plays/make decisions because they simply know better than the players what should be done in certain situations. Just because the coaches/analysts aren't able to execute the plays themselves doesn't mean that the plays they call are wrong.
1	It used to be "0 ganks bot, noob jungler" when they pushed all game, im kinda immune to that one now tho. My new annoyence is when people tell me what items i should start with, "scepter is much better start on noc noob". Well if i start boots and pots i can gank mid at lvl2 and be sure to get that flash, stfu and mind your own buisness.   EDIT: I also hate when bad players get fed, i mean like realy bad players who got some feeder in his lane and just got lucky. Then he starts to rage at the other team calling them noobs and being a dick. Then he goes rambo late game and turns his 10-1 to 10-10 and loses the game. Doesnt matter if he is on my team or theirs, just as annoying.   Just thought of another one, support that takes kills and writes "haha" after, like they think its funny that they just took first blood instead of the AD. Yesterday i had 2 games with ks support, the first one was a Sona that got 9-0 while i as ashe was very underfarmed. And everytime he got a kill he would say "lol, autoattack haha", its okey if it happends once or twice during a game, but this was retarded. We ended up loosing the game since i was useless without any kills at all, and Sona writes in chat "I cant carry this"...  I had another Sona yesterday that did the same thing, he went 6-0 while i was at 2-0 with ashe, and again he thinks he is winning the game for us.   Then something wonderful happend, the other team got a sona like that, he got freakin 10-0 in bot lane (i was mid), then he wrote in chat "And they wont let me  AP Sona mid...". The rest of there team was pretty evenly farmed, i traded equally with malz mid and top was about the same, only their sona was super fed and our bot was pretty much dead. We ended up winning anyway since they had no dmg in the teamfights, sona is a good poke champ, but but she does nothing late game. So as they where loosing sona goes "Noobs team, i cant carry this", then i had to rage at her a bit, if there ad got those 10kills early the game would have been over, but since retard sona took all the kills we didnt have to worry at all.
1	The flat out recommendation of this article (dcap vs void) is pretty misleading that it is always better to go 2nd item void on damage mages,  the assumptions he makes on the site make the math wrong.   Basically he assumes that all abilities are rank 5 (i.e level 18) in his article when looking at a 2nd item purchase, this gives champions higher base stats and would make void a better buy vs deathcap.   For example the site mentions that Annie as one of the champions you should build void first on. According to the site her break-even for Q is 275 AP to double its base damage, however if you take a level 9 Annie (which is ~ when is around the time you would be buying 2nd item), and take her a full spell rotation into account (lvl5 Q, Lvl2 W, Lvl 1 R) that number drops to ~200 AP/DBL -> making break even MR ~just under 60 from ~45 on her. Basically this applies to the "average" of 400 for midlane mages where the break even is 34 MR. Since base MR is 30 (no runes) the conclusion is that you would always be doing more damage as long as they took MR runes.   He also doesn't take into account in the match archmage mastery, (which every AP mid takes) which synergizes which with building more AP and also stacks multiplicatively with the deatchap passive.
1	here, i'll list poppy's problems for you     passive: there is no real visual indication that this skill does anything at all when it's actually one of the strongest parts of her kit.  anyone who hasn't read the wiki page on poppy will not know that all of the abilities that were hitting for ~300 when she was at 100% hp will be hitting for ~170 when she's at 10% hp.  she doesn't have a lot of bonus resistances when you click her or have an obvious audiovisual cue like rammus' ball curl.  she just stops taking damage when you want to do damage to her the most.  huge burden of knowledge and lack of counterplay apart from "pick darius or cho'gath or olaf and ignite her when she's low."     Q: poppy autoattacks you.  autoattacks deal physical damage.  poppy builds ad items like triforce.  ad items do physical damage to you.  therefore, you want to buy armor against poppy and poppy wants to buy armor pen against you, right?  LOLNOPE.  poppy's q deals a fuckload of (and only) magical damage even if she's building straight ad.  you don't know this until she kills you and you bother to read the death recap.  she doesn't know this until she reads the wiki and does some math.  oh, and it has percentage hp damage just because you shouldn't be rewarded for building health to deal with poppy, either.  burden of knowledge out the wazoo here.     W: between this ability and her passive, hitting poppy literally makes her stronger.  all of the interesting lane mechanics involving minion aggro mean nothing to poppy because she gains a bunch of armor and ad whenever she pulls it.  she's also basically impossible to kite with 25% bonus movespeed AND a gap-closer, because ranged carries should not be allowed to have fun if the enemy team has a poppy and they aren't vayne or trist.     E: nothing wrong with this ability apart from poppy players thinking that they're doing it wrong if they are only using it as a gap-closer and fail to get the stun off most of the time.     R: what.  the.  fuck.  were.  you.  thinking.  riot.  you spent all this time teaching new players about how safe they are under turrets, and then a level 6 poppy rolls up and stone-cold dives them from full hp.  she snowballs completely uncontrollably in lane and in general because of this ability.  she's the only champion in the game who can initiate a 1v5 under an enemy turret and come up with two or three kills even somewhat reliably because of this ability.  anyone who hasn't read the wiki has absolutely no fucking clue what poppy's ultimate does even after they've played against it.  does qss remove it?  is she blocking my damage, or my team's damage?  how do turrets work with it?  how long does it last?  poppy players are subject to crazy false choices whenever they use it; do i ult the support to take no damage, or do i ult the carry to one-shot them?  fucked if i know, this teamfight is starting and i have to use it on someone immediately.  or do i save it for the cleanup?
0	Definitely. My mother has been an elementary school principal for the past 20 years or so, and back when she started at her most recent school (about 10 years ago I think), she inherited a teacher from the previous administration who was TERRIBLE. This teacher (I think it was also 3rd grade) would basically pick a few favorite children/least favorite children during the first few weeks of school, and then it was set for the rest of the year. She was a nightmare for the kids she didn't like. She would belittle them in front of the class, subtly harass them, grade their papers unfairly, and more (I think at one point she put a little boy in the closet as a punishment for something. His parents were a bit upset, to say the least).   The problem was, my mom couldn't just fire her outright. She didn't get caught doing anything "against the rules" to the kids, and she had the elementary school equivalent of tenure (basically, if you've worked the same job for 3 years, it becomes nearly impossible to be fired in our county). She definitely knew she had to figure out some way to get rid of her though, because the teacher was basically a cancer to the entire school. She'd spread rumors about a bunch of other teachers (At one point she tried to set up her weird son with one of the younger, prettier teachers right out of college, who already had a fiance. When the girl politely declined, she told everyone that she was obviously a lesbian since she didn't want to date her "perfect" son), and actively try to undo the new teaching methods my mom was piloting at the school (which worked quite well).   The other issue with trying to get rid of this teacher was that since she couldn't really be fired, the only real option was to transfer her to another school, and my mom felt that she couldn't ethically just hand this person off to another principal, since she would most likely destroy that environment as well (kind of a "I wouldn't wish this person on my worst enemy, let alone one of my colleagues/friends" type of deal).   In the end, I think the teacher ended up getting transferred to a school with a principal she knew from the past who she was friends with or something. Kind of unfortunate, because that means she was still just doing the same sort of thing to kids, but I think she got fired a few years after that (though it's tough to fire someone with tenure, it can be done...it's just a process that takes a few years).
1	I agree with you on many points, but I think much of the problem can be attributed to people's misunderstanding of how Reddit works.   > If you saw someone say "Actually I've had a lot of success with solo top Taric." What would you expect to see? It should be "Oh wow really? What build do you use? Who is your weaker matches and who can you beat? What's your first item? How do you avoid harrass?" but it's not. You know what it is. It's the arrogant jerks who close their minds and immeditaly say "Lol wow noob. Taric sucks top." Without ever even giving the idea a chance.   Taken from the page of Reddiquette:   The up and down arrows are your tools to make reddit what you want it to be. If you think something contributes to conversation, upvote it. If you think it does not contribute to reddit or is off-topic in a particular community, downvote it.   Think about it. You shouldn't see a comment that simply states "this build is bad" or "that's not viable" or "you're not supposed to play [champion] that way, [champion] is a [role]" If you do, you should downvote it, because these posts don't contribute anything to the discussion; in fact, they're detrimental.   In contrast, if you see a post or comment that DOES promote discussion or is otherwise worth talking about, it should be upvoted,  whether or not you agree with it . Too often do I see good posts downvoted and bad posts upvoted simply because of the voters' disagreement/agreement of a post. The point is, we ultimately determine what is worth talking about and what's not, and we can do that in a very simple way.
1	You would hear about the top teams talk about picking Karthus to counter Morg but they obviously don't explain it to each other so most people don't understand.   Morgana is normally a strong pick for because she is able to farm very easily and usually can not be pressured out the lane or be ganked successfully.   On top of her safe lanning phase, she is also able to put out a lot of pressure with her pushing power and safety from jungle ganks. Normally pushing a wave to the enemies tower can make it very hard to the enemy AP to last hit under the tower because of their low attack value and their need to not waste too much mana and CDs.   However this doesn't apply to Karthus because can easily not miss any last hits with Qs under tower.
1	For some reason I couldn't move but I could still see the game being played and had regular ping It happened to most of the other people in my game as well. We lost the game because of this (Well our "Support" soraka also trolled by playing tele/barrier soraka, not healing ezreal, taking CS, building Sunfire cape and "I'm not participating in teamfights btw", in ranked, not even bronze I swear, but that's another story)
0	I'll make an attempt to explain this in a dramatized story format.   I grew up in subsidized housing. The kids there don't have money. 17 years old and don't have a bank account? Common. Their clothes are all hand-me-downs or thrift shop buys. It's not even "I buy a pair of jeans for $5 when a  really  nice pair comes in". It's more like "My jeans just got torn up beyond repair this time. I don't have other pants. I need to buy the nicest pair of jeans they have there for $5 right now."   They have literally  never  worn new clothes. You know that feeling you get when you put new socks on? They don't.   But then they land a part time job processing chicken meat for $11/hr. They have a full stomach, freshly-washed clothes, and $40 in cash. That's a pretty god damn good feeling. They finally 'made it'! And they want something that's brand new for the first time in their life.   Jeans? $150. Shirt? $50. Shoes? $90. But a hat? $15.   They buy the hat and want to tell people that it's brand new. Sticker on, brim straight. Keep it like that for as long as possible because you want people to know that you've got $10 to your name and that you feel on top of the world because of it. You might be poor. But at least you're not broke.   They know it's low-brow. They know people won't respect them more because of it. They don't care. They worked hard to exceed their financial goals (helping mum pay rent on time, not having to go to the Sally-Ann or the church's food bank) and they want people to know.
0	I'll help, Christian here. One of my hobbies is boiling down what Christians believe into their most unbiased forms. I like doing it to point out just how strange our beliefs actually are. In my experience the simple ability to not lie to myself, or sugar coat my own beliefs, helps me speak with people of other beliefs in a much more understanding way.   So here goes:   At its most blatant, without any sugar coating, yes. We believe in "black magic". By "believe in", we mean to say we believe that it exists and is a malignant force on our world. And by "black magic" we mean attempting to affect the physical world using the spiritual world through a demonic (read: not God-based) source.   Yeah, we believe in another universe that is mostly comprised of "spiritual" matter that can't interact with our realm other than in extreme situations. And we believe there are malignant forces who oppose us/mean us harm that attempt to manipulate us that exist there.   Opposite that, we also believe that good spiritual forces exist called "Angels" and the "Holy Spirit" which act as guardians/messengers/warriors/muses/guides... etc who help us in our day to day fight with the enemy.
0	As a teacher I really like these guys. Had two in my last class, both were awesome in their own way. Both were former Navy guys. One constantly talked about his time in the Navy, but also asked lots of good questions, kept the class going, made it fun. The other was a former SEAL who just showed up, crushed his work, and got the highest grade I have ever given.  They don't complain, they get shit done, and generally know more about what they want out of an education, which is nice.
0	Agreed, but in some ways we are doing this to ourselves. Did we get screwed by the older generation? Yes. But also, young people need to VOTE. If we voted at the rates the old folks do, the politicians would HAVE to start listening and catering to our demographic. Young people historically, do not vote in large numbers. We have the power to change the system, we just need to make our voice heard.
1	I'll try your setup, but give mine a shot as well. It's fairly quick and most importantly highly sustainable. My only regret is the lack of magic pen (masteries aside) for the early game ganks.   I don't understand your
1	Actually, the sololane is top because the two players on bottom would be able to help with dragon control more than the single solo player during the mid game. If sololane was on bottom, and the enemy sololane was on top then the enemy would have an advantage during dragon contests, etc. Therefore, sololane will be on top.
1	I would wait until you have a couple hundred normal wins before you play ranked, honestly. It's what all my friends told me to do, but I was to eagar and jumped the gun right into ranked the day I hit 30. I got placed into Bronze 3 (last season), but have managed to climb to Gold 5.Game knowledge, mechanics, and strategy all take quite a while to develop in League, so my advice would just be to wait. Don't screw yourself over and get placed in Bronze like me just because ranked sounds fun.   Also, you should make sure that you're comfortable playing any role before going into ranked, because there will just be some games where you wont get your main and have to go into Support, or wherever. So make sure you have some backup plans if you're last pick and don't get what you wanted :P
0	A lot of schools aren't bound by a particular legislation relating to use of inhalers at school which means each school is allowed to choose their own policy. The reason some schools banned inhalers was because they thought the kids would over self medicate or would allow their friends to try it out or whatever. Because of the kid who died they are now trying to implement a new law which forces schools to have asthma and anaphylaxis plans in place and to allow/force children of suitable age and mental development to carry their inhaler or epi-pen on them at all times.
0	Id say that 95% of the N.Korea posts are made purely in jest. I don't think that there is much of a disregard for human life here. Iv'e met a lot of people who are/were in the military and I'm sure a lot of them would even appreciate some of the darker humour.   I'm glad that we can all show how much we value human life every now and then. I don't think that should stop us from cracking jokes and being optimistic though. "War is always pointless and a shit ton of you are going to die on the battlefield" does'nt have much of a punch line to it.   This is coming from someone who is in the process of joining the military.
0	So I decided to actually do the math on this. Call p the probability that any given time a person uses the toilet, they are pissing (assume this is the same across genders). The probability that a person needs the seat up is the probability that they are both pissing and male, so p/2.   Under the "Always leave the seat up after all flips," we have 2 flips when a man pisses, 0 at any other time; thus E[flips]=2Pr[man pissing]=p. Note that this is an expected 2p flips for the man, and 0 flips for the woman.   Under "Always leave the seat as it was last", we have 1 flip when the previous user and current user had different needs, i.e. when one was a pissing man and the other was not, or vice versa. Thus the expected value of flips is E[flips]=2Pr[pissing man]Pr[not pissing man]=2(p/2)(1-p/2)=p(1-p/2). This is less than p, so we see that this minimizes total expected flips. Moreover, the woman's expected flips are of course p since she flips iff the previous user was a pissing man, so the man's expected flips must be 2p(1-p/2)-p, which is, again, less than p.
0	Anyone on the left would just be a liberal (I was mistaken as socialism is a subset of liberal which is ultra far to the left). There's liberal, conservative, libertarian, and totalitarian/authoritarian arranged in a cross. (It seems I misremembered and wrote socialism instead, which is just an ultra left leaning so you'd be correct.) The former two are at left and right respectively (this is our traditional linear spectrum) and libertarianism and totalitarianism are at the opposite ends of the up/down axis.
1	It's deleted now, can someone
1	You made one thought error. The pre Fizz ban ratio was the ratio that was unpleasant and due for change. The ban ratio as soon Fizz was out would be the wanted ratio. That would mean that (according to your numbers) 8 bans at 116 champions would give you the wanted ratio. (8/116 *100% = 6.9%)
1	Don't get a second BT, you'll just explode and be useless if the enemy team knows what they're doing. One is enough to burst any squishy in a single combo which is your focus as Riven in a team fight.   CDR is only good in prolonged fights and Riven's base CD's are low enough that not building CDR wont impair her effectiveness.   Lucidity boots are only good if you are face rolling your lane and the other team doesn't have much cc. Merc treads or tabi will help you trade and make it harder to kill you. These three are circumstantial though   Iceborne is an awful item on riven for the same reason that frozen mallet is bad, riven has 4 dashes and a stun so you dont need help chasing. If you need health or tankiness there are better items (warmogs/randuins) and the sheen procs don't make up for the lost damage.   I would personally never get a Zeke's Herald on riven but I do see the point you're trying to make. I'd only get it if you and your team are losing since it is very support oriented. Building another damage or defensive item would be much more beneficial.   Mercurial is good as it provides more MR than maw and the QSS active. Maw isn't useless however as it can give more damage and the shield helps prevent getting bursted.   Hydra is pretty bad as other people have mentioned. The active doesn't help all that much seeing as Riven has amazing wave clear to begin with and other items provide better stats for damage. Hydra also doesn't provide any defense which is a pretty big problem.
0	Nobody in KC expected the Royals to go as far as they did last year and most of the people I've talked to aren't bitter about the Giant's win at all.  They were truly thankful to get as far as they did and don't hold any animosity whatsoever.  Bumgarner was simply too good of a pitcher for us and most rational people recognize that.  You might get some good natured teasing for wearing Giant's gear but nobody but a real asshole is going to try and fight you about it.   This is going to be kind of a hodgepodge so bear with me.   I helped my mom buy a house earlier in the year and while she paid cash the process was similar.  Tax breaks for owning your own home are: You can deduct property taxes, mortgage insurance and mortgage interest you paid.  I found this all out from the IRS website from the instructions on itemizing deductions.  A lot of the loan stuff I did learn just by googling.  Bankrate.com has a lot of useful information and so does investopedia.com   If you aren't already, sign up for creditkarma.com so you can track your credit score (you can also request your three reports once a year for free at annualcreditreport.com).  Also some cards will show you your credit score (Discover shows FICO for example).  A lot of what I learned about credit I learned from googling as well though creditkarma does a pretty darn good job of explaining what goes into your credit report.  This is really important (as you probably already know) and most banks will auto reject an application with a score below 600.   FHA is a type of government guaranteed loan.  They require you to pay mortgage insurance on top of your actual house payment which isn't needed if you actually put 20% down.  Non FHA loans typically require the 20% downpayment, especially since the housing bubble burst.   As far as the loan itself goes, you'll first be pre qualified for a certain amount.  This is basically saying, "Hey, we might or might not give you x dollars for a house" based on the information about your job, debts, etc.  Next, they'll do an actual credit check and some more information gathering before either rejecting you or offering you a pre-approval for the loan.  A pre-approval isn't necessarily a guarantee but it's pretty darn close.  I think only like 4 or 5% of people who are pre-approved ultimately end up getting rejected.  Most real estate agents won't even show you a house without the pre-approval.  I think I remember my whole process from application to pre-approval in less than 24 hours.   At this stage, I recommend you get a realtor.  It costs you nothing since he or she will take their commission out of the sale price of the house.  The seller will pay it and you get someone who knows how the game is played and who will fight for you.  They know the entire process back to front.  Your realtor wants you to be happy because they want you to refer your friend to them.   Buying the house itself, it's important to not be in a hurry to do it.  My mom did and she's miserable and lived there less than a year.  You'll know when you walk in the front door whether or not the house is for you.  The house I ended up with was third on my list when I looked online but I instantly loved it when I walked in.  Don't fall in love so hard that you overlook stuff that's a problem.  Strive for the middle ground between the two.  If you know somebody who does DIY, take them along and they should help to spot potential problems.   Once you decide on a house, the real fun begins.  You'll make an offer.  They might accept, counter or reject.  This can go on repeatedly.  You'll likely not sleep until you agree on a price (or move on).  You'll also both agree on a closing date and what closing costs will be paid by whom.  You'll put down an amount of cash called Earnest Money (this will go towards your downpayment). that shows you're serious about buying.  Some people don't like home inspections but FHA requires them (and they are unbelievably picky about some things) and I generally think they're a good idea (I got a brand new roof out of it so I may be biased).  Once the inspection is done a couple of different you and the seller will have to work out who will fix what and the details.  Obviously you as the buyer need to know where your line is.  My house had one major thing wrong (the roof) and lots of little shit here and there so my line was if they replace the roof, I'll fix everything else since I could do it all myself.  This will probably take more negotiation between you and the seller (done through your agents, you'll likely never lay eyes on each other).  If you and the seller agree on this then you are considered under contract.  Note that up until this point either one of you can pack up your ball and go home without any penalty but once you are under contract, that's it.   The closing is where you will officially legally take possession of the house.  Prior to closing, your loan officer will get the final approval for your loan and may get some more information from you.  You should also do a walkthrough with your realtor to verify that the seller fixed the things they said they would.  On closing day, you'll go sit with your loan officer to sign all the paperwork and trust me, there's a ton of it.  You'll also pay any closing costs you owe which is basically just a lot of administrative costs (cost of a credit check, processing fees, etc.)  Once that's done, you'll get the keys.  If you're like me, you'll also go home and have the best night of sleep you've had in months.  It's an exciting process but it is exhausting and nerve wracking.   Just a quick note on how the mortgage payments work and whats built into them.  Your mortgage payment, depending on the type of loan will contain the actual house payment, mortgage insurance (if required) and a portion of the property tax.  Mortgage payments are also paid in what's called arrears meaning you pay for the previous month not the next month like rent.  At closing, you'll (or the seller) will pay enough in to cover to the end of the month and then you will not have a payment until a month after that.  For example, I closed on October 15th so I didn't have a mortgage payment due until December 1st.   Hope this helps.
0	I had something like this happen to me when I was younger. I was back on shore after surfing at this beach on a military base on Oahu. As I was wrapping my leash around my surfboard I felt a tug around my leg. Before I was about to do a kick I heard a child's voice yelling "DADDY!!" I stopped myself kicking and ultimately throwing this kid into the sand. I then saw this middle aged  women  woman  and she said "sorry." She told the little boy "no daddy is gone. He's fighting the terrorist." But the little boy didn't want to let go. The boy kept yelling "DADDY!" I didn't know what to do. Finally the kid goes back to building his sandcastle. It was an awkward and sad feeling wrapped up in one.
1	You see, there's a small timing between the turret shot landing and it firing again. He got out of the turret before that timing was over, so it didn't shoot again. Not that hard to see, tbh.
1	I am a fencer too, not nearly at same level as you OP, but personally I felt the road Guinsoo is talking about is much much much more fency than current Fiora.   Fencing is about speed, finesse, exceptional aim and strategy. You mix a strong defensive with a hyper-fast offensive, when you get an opening, exploiting mistakes and openings of your opponent.   Your defense is active and more like wrestling than a simple parry. You parry, riposte, opponent parry the riposte, and answer with another one, and all the time you spin the blades around each other.   Guinsoo said that she would be moving in and out of range, which sound MUCH more like fencing, where you constant maintain distance and then go in for a trade and then disengage.   He also said she would be more mechanically difficult, this probably means she will have high timing requirements, and will be high paced, and you as a player need to keep up with her speed. From picture of her ulti it sounds like she get disengage on her E. I don't know really what else is needed, everything you wanted checks off.
1	I read them but still watch the
0	Some conditions, yes. But not perfectly. There are false positives and false negatives.   Other times, the parents can have their dna examined for problem markers and see what they share which might be carried down. This too, is not perfect because it's a matter of probability and well, the more we learn about how the genetic code works the more we find out it's as predictable as we hoped.   Of course, this testing is EXTRAVAGANTLY expensive and hugely propitiatory by the lab or institute doing the testing. You can bank on insurance not electing to pick up the tab for the average couple. It's generally after people have consistently birthed children within a family with genetic defect that they approach genetic counseling to see if having a child without the defect is possible.
0	This ended a friendship of mine... well aquaintenceship. A guy I hung out withs wife poeted on Facebook  that she took extra time loading her trunk,  then walking around her car,  then dicking around on the phone in her turned off car. She got a slew of You Go Girls from her equally awful friends amd I merely stated "You know that YOU are the villain of this story he was trying to park you were bullying" and I guess it sent a cascade of negative remarks towards her and that night I got a call saying I couldn't  hang out with Joe.
0	Last summer I was making some salsa using a few habaneros, some cilantro, lime, onion, ect. ect. Standard salsa stuff. Diced everything, made sure it got all happy, but saved the habanero for last.   Being the a chubby guy cooking in a fairly warm kitchen during the summer, I was sweating a bit. Not a ton, but enough to annoy me. I powered through it, diced the habaneros, and then went temporarily stupid and wiped my eyes and forehead.   And then proceded to weep like a child for the next 20 minutes as every inch of my face filled with this searing pain- it literally felt like Satan was siting on my face. NOT FUN.
1	Cloth armor 5 pots, start at blue or red, and clear the jungle. Alternativly if I'm a against a much slower jungle, shen etc. I steal their red immediatly after getting my blue before clearing my own jungle. I can do this because blue takes about 15 seconds and red only slightly longer. Smite will be up again at their red if you smite right away at blue; although you can do both without it if you hit DBC and powerball every time, but you will use all your pots.   Anyway after clearing you should be level 3 - 4 depending on runes / masteries. at this point I gank bottom , if I do red second. When I gank bottom I have 1 lvl in all three skills and if I'm 4 I have 2 in taunt. Powerball flash usually = first blood.   Go to shop buy madreds razer and boots and a ward, clear jungle, ward dragon and gank again. Continue until laning phase ends, getting dragon when possible after you get your ult. Without it its too slow to be safe without help. At least if the other team buys ward or has CV's.   I can clear the jungle the first time in around 2 minutes (guessing haven't timed it) with improved smite and still have plenty of HP to gank a lane.
1	ok even though this might not get read at all ill just go ahead since i got nothing else to do atm.   yes, it is true that EUW looks like its being treated under the average, and i dont deny that maybe boycott could work, but it could also not work, since RIOT is already working on getting new servers. the thing is, they really care about their players in general, and they do a lot to help the players. They have no obligation for example to give you the 3RP you need for that skin you love in exchange for a sketch. They listen to what the players ask, they try to improve with our constant complaints, they make skins based on what we think it would be awesome, these are just a few examples. so, yes, you can be mad that your favorite FREE game is having some issues on a certain server, but you also have to understand that it is not easy to run a huge community without some down times.
1	Amumu isn't necessarily as bad as Blitz or Shen (in solo Q).   He's mostly invincible if farmed, but he needs his blue to be merely useful and has a really weak 1v1, making counter jungling a breeze. To initiate, his team has to position right and the enemy team has to position wrong. Meanwhile, Blitz can isolate anyone inside a 1v5 and make it super easy to chase.
1	Queue up with some friends who don't rage for normal games (if available). At the end of the day it's a video game and you should derive some sort of fun from your experience. I understand that leveling up can be tough. I almost exclusively did it with friends at first. I loved queuing games by myself at first once I hit 30 but after a few bad experiences I would only play if my friends were with me.  I honestly didn't stop having anxiety about playing until I played ranked with a friend. I started to play on my own after that and ran into a few more bad people.  Again, all it took were a few good games to realize that it isn't so bad. If I ran into people who were raging for no reason, raged over first blood, gave up at 10 minutes etc I would mute those people. My ignore list grew and grew. I started to just ignore everything and work on my mechanics/game sense. Had another period where I was too anxious to play then one day I just said "fuck it" and wen't head first into it again.   After all of my practice I noticed that I was significantly better than people around me, the people who "raged". They would get so caught up in what they thought was right that they ignored crucial mistakes that they made. I'm not saying I'm perfect or I make the best plays but I was able to think with a clear head and make game winning turns in fights or pushes. I went from Silver V to Gold in a matter of 2 weeks just focusing on my own game, watching streams and tournaments, and after a month of practicing in normals with friends after I wasn't pleased with how ranked was going.
0	I've seen a lot of people calling out this guy as some sort of "rip off" artist.  These people are ignorant of the real world.   He's buying something from someone.  If that person doesn't like the offer they can leave and go find another buyer.  He offers a price where he can double his money.  How is this different from any other retail operation?   Markup on retail specialty goods is usually over 100%.  This is how business works.  This is capitalism.   100% of people who make fun of this guy would agree with the phrase, "buy low, sell high".  If the seller doesn't like his price, they can take the time to find a buyer.  His service is finding that buyer and giving the seller instant money.   I understand people not liking the show, it is pretty contrived, but I think Rick (the guy pictured here) is smart as hell.  His kid is an entitled prick and the "old man" is kinda over the hill but still makes me smile and reminds me of my grandparents.   And when people claim there is no historical value?  They get a piece, an expert tells you the history of it, they talk price.  It is pretty much 'Antiques Roadshow' of PBS but dressed up a little for entertainment.
0	I ate an entire box of fiber one bars. It was one of those that had 3 separate boxes inside. I ate every single one of them because they were delicious as fuck. Little did I know that the following days included me on the toilet yelling "why?! Why did I do that?!" It felt like I was defecating my intestines. I haven't eaten one since.
1	As a support/jungle main i don't have to worry about last hitting and getting tunnel vision doing that. I can basically AFK farm shit in the jungle while watching the mini map or zone out the enemy bottom lane to deny them.
1	Runes and champions are incredibly costly. Assuming that each champion you want costs an average of 4800 (and you want about 10 champs, two for each role) and you want 2 sets of all four types of runes (for this we will just be assuming you want flat MR blues as your only glyphs, because they are pretty standard, and we will also be assuming prices using the active sale) you would have to spend 64,752 IP. This amount of IP is equivalent to 498 WINS with first win of the day mixed in every once in a while to make it a little more "fair". Keep in mind that this is also assuming the current, TEMPORARY rune sale that is going on right now.   This is pretty unacceptable as far as the time in which it takes to get to a point where you can even attempt to play at the highest level. I have always had issues with the amount of time dedication this game takes compared to other MOBAs, as I have always believed that your ability to play a MOBA should be given to you through skill and not grind. If I wanted to play a game to grind for 36 hours straight so that I could play at the proper level, I would have stuck with Maplestory or Vindictus.   I have allocated a quite a bit of MMR on my main account and I got every champion except Quinn (because she is the worst), so I made a second account to play with friends who were newer to the game. I found that it is reallly hard to get champions that you want if you aren't willing/can't dedicate RP to the game. Alot of the newer champs or 3150 champs are favorable right now, so it is really hard to get the stronger/more popular champs.   I think that the solution to this is Riot introducing IP bonuses for win streaks, first wins for all game modes, reintroducing Tribunal rewards, revamping the referral system, lowering the costs of champions much more quickly, having IP events (I will talk about this later), having IP bonus giveaways and there are many more ways that Riot can introduce a much higher quality way of IP distribution that I am probably not even considering.   I think that if a company is going to treat their MOBA in a way that MMOs are generally monetized by, they also need to have the same events that MMOs host as well. Riot has expressed distaste to IP events in the past, but there are ways that LoLKing has done giveaways that give me hope that they can be done in a flavor manner that is conducive to the environment. Make daily or weekly objectives through champions played or items built that can donate towards additional IP rewards. I do not want to advertise the LoLKing giveaways directly, so if you are interested in how these work you can just check those out through Google or whatever.
0	I was in traffic. A car buzzed by me on the shoulder, nearly taking my mirror off. I vigilantly looked to see if any other vehicles followed suit. I saw a truck approaching, so I started driving along half in the shoulder, and half in my lane.   The guy was tailgating me pretty hard, so I came to a complete stop and waited. And waited. And then resumed. This guy was inches from me. I verified his distance by throwing it in reverse to see the view from my rear view camera. Inches.   Then, he escalated things. He started to get out of his vehicle, and had some sort of object in his hand. I took off, as a sizable gap had opened in front of me while I was stopped. He got back in his truck and caught up. Traffic stopped again, and he got out again. Flow resumed, and he started driving with his door open so that he could hop out once traffic stopped again.   I had my pistol in my lap.   I rang 9-1-1 to report the impending road rage, assault, battery, property damage, and possible act of self defense. As it turns out, while I was on the phone, I noticed that there was a police officer just two cars ahead and a lane over. I started to lay on my horn, and that apparently grabbed the police officer's attention, as he stopped in his lane so that the source of the noise could catch up to him.   He saw the car in the shoulder, which was unable to get back into the lane of traffic, so the he threw on his lights and pulled the guy over. I pulled over, too, as did another fellow that saw the entire ordeal go down.   Assault charges, among others.
1	The difference between League and other games, and why I think League has such a more negative player-base compared to others, has to do with the type of game that it is.   To even get into League, and play a ranked game takes several weeks worth of playing. It takes effort, concentration, dedication, etc, to even play on an adequate level. They don't even let you play against other players until you're level 5. League represents an investment of time and energy that other games just don't. I can hop in and out of 6 Call of Duty games in as many minutes if I want. To play one all the way through, win or lose, is at THE MOST 10 minutes, that's the time limit, if no one wins outright before that.   To play 6 League games, win or lose, for most people that's more time than they have to play League in a day, or even a weekend, that's 4-5 hours of play time.   If you hop in a game, that is a large amount of time and energy you've already spent to even be at that point, and the game represents another investment.   Further, nothing about it is within your direct control, and no one likes that at all. I could win a Call of Duty game with a lobby full of feeders by myself, I've done it dozens of times. I'll just go 35-4 and win on my own against an entire team that can't touch me. In League, you can't do shit about it if your team is that bad, NO ONE can carry 4 people alone.   The investment that even playing League represents, added to the stress of each game, in addition to the frustration and anger that the lack of total control provides, on top of the usual stuff from day to day bullshit is just too much stress. That's why people that don't rage/feed or lose their cool are generally much higher ranked players and further up the ladder. The ragers stay low on the list because they lose their heads and stop thinking about the game and the enemy team, and start thinking about their own team.   Think about it, have you ever seen Voyboy, Dyrus, WildTurtle, or any of the other top level players rage on their stream? Sure, when a teammate does something stupid they will say, "What the hell is this guy doing?", but they don't type it out, they keep it out of the game and out of their heads. The most they will do is offer a constructive criticism, which is usually welcomed, thanked, and ends with almost immediate improvement.
0	SI]( conversions:     7 pounds = 3.2 kg     > I'm going to counter this using an immediate family member as an example.  >  > He has had undiagnosed hypothyroidism for many years, probably between 5-7. Before that, he was a star athlete (he could run a sub 5-minute mile by the time he was 13) and an honor roll student, however things started changing at the end of high school/beginning of college. During those years I watched him balloon in weight, have uncontrollable (seriously... uncontrollable) cravings for horrible food, lose his hair, have awful skin rashes, depression, and so little energy that he found it difficult to be awake for more than 12 hours on any given day, let alone work out.  I too blamed his appearance and depression on personal failings that he had the capacity to control. >  > However, a few months ago he was diagnosed with hypothyroidism. After trying a few medications that had little effect he found a medication that worked for him-- Amour Thyroid. He started taking this ONLY 10 days ago, and he has already lost 7 pounds^(3.2 ^kg)  (after struggling unsuccessfully to lose weight for upwards of 5 years), is waking up at 7am every day to go running, is the most positive he's been in years and (which is most relevant to your topic) has no more cravings for those awful foods that you associate with hopelessness and lack of self respect.  >  >
1	1) Top lane is way too long and easy to gank. You're guarenteed dead if one of them has exhaust and you're in the middle of the lane. You have to zone yourself to avoid dying at level 1/2 to their jungler, meaning the other laner will just kill you later   2) Altars are too important early: Lose a level 1 fight to the usual mishmash of bruisers and they have 150g, farming advantage and trading advantage then on. Trying to retake against any decent team will lead to the next point:   3) Going into the other team's jungle has no risk whatsoever attached to it. Its easy for a team to collapse in on the other's jungler/solo alter capper. There is no way to help the jungler in distress because if top and bot come in they're effectively split in two and picked off easily by the group of 3. Almost always leads to free altar and counterjungling of every camp. If the invade is somehow repelled, its easy to run over the speed shrine and get away scot free
0	Your opinion obviously is based off of nothing. Your idea of young mothers not having the mental ability is debunked by your own source.   "Three alternative explanations for this relationship are explored-the life course-immaturity account, the persistent poor parenting-role model account, and the diminished resources account.  We find no evidence supporting the first account claim . " It's pretty obvious that when a young single mother faces many advertises and often ends with her being and single parent, living off welfare and never getting a degree her children will not have the best upbringing but this is entirely a social problem and has nothing to do with actual age of the woman.
1	To be honest it doesn't matter. Why do you play League in the first place? To have fun right? So, if you enjoy watching League and following the competitive scene, then have at it! It is something you do to relax and it entertains you.   Its very similar to watching football or basketball. Most people that watch hardly ever play the actual sport, yet they enjoy watching a high level of competition.
1	If you or your team plans on doing any invading you need to have your w as Annie to prep your stun in case of any level 1 team fights.   Also stunning your junglers buff can minimize damage taken to your jungler, therefore increasing his clear effectiveness.   Moreover, you should be focusing on using your AA as Annie level one and using W when in the appropriate range, by taking your Q first not only can you not get stun (as easily) but you also burn a lot of mana trying to spam harass with your Q.
1	Korean Junglers evolve E>W>Q thats thats the ideal evolve Order E for Ganks, W for Mid Game Skirmishes, and Q for late game max Damage(Lizard/Black Cleaver/Maw/Last Whisper).  But the game can completely determine what you need If your team is skirmishing a lot/making picks then evolving W>E>Q(Elder Lizard/Black Cleaver/Last whisper/Randuins+Banshees) will be the most beneficial for you since you provide a utility slow and can just engage low health targets.  In Competitive play there is no need to Evolve Q First teams are much to organized to let you isolate them without the rest of the team reacting or just simply baiting you to invade but in SoloQ evolving Q first can help you shutdown the enemy jungler and get early dragons for your team so you would want Q>E>W.
0	This reminds me of something strange that I do/think about sometimes. Whenever I hear about a death, like a fatal car accident or an overdose, I think to myself, "What if, when that person is pronounced dead, she/he is resuscitated in an alternate timeline?".  For example, when I was in high school, there was a freshman who died in his sleep from an enlarged heart. I was a Junior at the time, and I remember feeling guilty that I got to experience things that this dude would never be able to experience himself. He would never be able to get his learners permit, let alone his drivers license. He would never get to feel the joy of graduating and moving onto bigger and better things. He wouldn't get to experience any of it, because he was no longer alive.   It was at that point that I began to imagine what his life would've been like had he woke up that morning. He was a star athlete, so I pictured him graduating with a full ride to a nice school, where he would use his scholarship to discover another passion. And I imagine that he would pursue that passion with the same determination he had with sports. He would later graduate at the top of his class, and live happily ever after. He would die an old man, surrounded by his family, as he should have.
1	No, this is because there has been a massive boost in members on LoL. Riot did already know that the servers as they are now can not host to that many users as is needed and they bought more servers to be added to the the existing. The new servers are in frankfurt and the main reason for them not to add the servers ( I saw in a red post that they will do it in the off-season(in a topic about why we the Europeans had to use US servers in ranked games)) is that it would take about 1.5 - 2 days to add theese servers and check everything before they could open the servers. Here I am left with a feeling that theese 4 days could have been avoided if they THREE months ago would have added those FUCKING servers that they have. I can only have disrespect when talking about Riot because they should have known that more users were inevitable when DreamHack is the largest Lan in the world and people watch it. Riot does also have employees from Europe who are well aware that school is almost over - or over for most people here in Europe. ( for their main target - the 15- 20 year olds). So Riot are fucktards when it comes to this because this shitstorm could have been avoided three fucking months ago, now they have to listen to this shit till they have those 1.5 - 2 days downtime.
1	I'll preface this by saying I'm not high ELO, I just watch a lot of streams and play a ton.  That being said...   It really depends on what my team looks like.  I'm a huge fan of Jarvan because of his crowd control capability and mobility in bursts (passing through terrain, etc).  If my team is lacking CC I'll usually jungle him.  If my team has pretty sufficient CC and mid is a very mana dependant champion, I'll usually jungle Shyvana or Lee Sin so I can pass blue buff to mid early on.  She has good burst damage and movement speed to get in and gank easily.
1	if u are toxic to the community then fuck you, im happy they take all the money u spent in the game and keep it as a punishment for beign an asshole, if u get banned then you have no right to complain about anything since you are the MAIN problem of the community
0	Excellent, your username is the
1	The constant "coded as minions" reference is a joke that is actually coming from j4 ult (and other champ created terrain) actually being coded from minions.   People dont realize that coding stuff from minions isnt really bad, and is more just J4'ult being buggy for whatever reason. (whole wall coded as minions works fine for trundle and anivia)
1	Something pretty close happened to me. I was in the lobby for soloq when all of the sudden the game just kind of broke and froze after the first pick was made. We could all still chat and everything, but there was no ability to select champions. After a while playing the waiting game, someone finally dodged and we were ejected from lobby like usual. However when I went to queue again, a message said something like, "this account is already in a game." So I shook it off and re-logged. When I pressed the login button and entered what seemed to be the client, the "You have recently left the game, please reconnect." notice showed up. I was very confused at that point, and clicked reconnect. Instead of reconnecting, though, I got kicked off the client. The whole rest of the day I couldn't play. Good news is, everything was back to normal the next day. No leaver penalty or anything.
1	League of Legends has been around for a really long time, so as I'm sure you can imagine, this question has been asked a lot.   As far as I can remember...every time a red actually responds to this they say that it's not implemented because they don't want to expose their game to the ability of being hacked. When you set up the "starting gold" or when you change the ability to have the same champions on the same team you change certain things in the back end. Through close observation and study, a hacker can find out what changes have been made and then make these same changes for real games leading to a hacked game.
0	So you're a 42 year old male nurse who spends his time playing video games and getting butthurt on reddit? Yeah you're totally making this  so  much better for yourself ahah. And I'm that guy who gets mad at people calling me creepy? Ahaha no, I'm not mad, I don't really care. I don't think it's creepy to look at a widely available source for character reference. But for the record, I'm a girl (a relatively attractive and intelligent one at that). It's pretty easy to figure out from pictures in my submitted link history or, you know, actually reading my name (although I know reading is hard for you). But in all honesty, you should probably get help for your wall of text issue. I don't think I'd trust the competence of a man who made it all the way to middle-aged believing that a paragraph of roughly 9 sentences is a 'wall of text'. There are plenty of adult literacy centres out there if you need assistance learning. They've proven that whole 'old dog new trick' thing false, so I'm sure you have plenty of time to improve.
1	I wouldn't say that. If he doesn't pick up the MR from Maw, he'll 100% lose every fight with LeBlanc. If he rushes Bork, he's getting all that useless Attack Speed from the Bork, and missing out on the Pickaxe, plus the damage multiplier on Maw. Imo, picking up the Maw before Bork was safer for him, especially when he knows that he can't blow anyone up.
0	I believe this philosophy whole-heartedly....however I still can't enforce it...I feel like I'm abusing my child if I don't give him food.....it sucks.
1	I am not praising myself.Its just a straight up question. Supposing I destroy my opponent in top or mid lane by playing champs that have early lane dominance or any champs for the sake of argument.What should I do after enemy mid or top tower falls?Even though I am plat,after crushing my opponent I just run like dickless chicken not knowing what i should do.These 10 minutes of midgame usually 20-30 mins I lose my immense cs lead,not able to pressure bot or any lane.
0	This same shit would always happen to me and my buddy with our third roommate.   He and his dumbass girlfriend would cook using all types of pots and pans and then just leave their mess in the sink and on the stove for a few days. He would eventually decide that enough time had passed for everything to sufficiently be caked on until he finally cleaned them.   We asked him to be a little more prompt and he would initially respond but quickly resort back to his old ways. We then decided to take matters in to our own hands.   One time, after the kitchen was a mess for a few days proceeding a rather indulging cooking session, we took every dirty item they used to cook and eat with and placed it in the middle of his bed.   He never left another dirty dish.
1	considering this is a spectator sport and the coolest things are usually from pro players what were you really expecting. I personally am not a fan of ppls crappy stickfigure drawing and lame youtube clips where they do more wrong technically than right.
1	literally no chance. if you go watch a single OGN game this summer, you would find out that Koreans are really hype train. NA is like 7 years kid in front of Koreans 18 years great athletes. China would be the closest region so far to Korean teams.
0	18 years old self with 4 hot classmates having breakfast in a café. Order a chocolate milk (powder form), waitress brings it, I take the powder bag, rip it open, pour it all in the ashtray in the middle of the table. Time slows down. I'm still holding the packet above the ashtray. 4 hotties opening their eyes wide all looking at what I've just done. My synapses are slowly processing the information. Yep, as a single 18 years old lacking some self-confidence, I just poured my chocolate in the ashtray in front of 4 hotties. Time gets back to normal. The 4 hotties laugh their asses off, I akwardly laugh as well, the waitress is not amused and says "ok...I'll bring you another one but try to aim for the milk this time". By the way, I didn't score with any of them.
0	I saw your post history and figured as much.   Also, to answer your original "question".. comment, whichever - the people in this thread are on either ends of the extremes because we're conditioned into binary thinking. Either male or female, and no grounds in between. Traditionally, men are associated with the positive aspects of two opposites - strong vs weak, hunter vs gatherer, etc.   3rd wave feminists challenge that and started the revolution where women are in control of their sexual activity, power to reproduce... etc. Being paired up with a male classmate who have a crush on them  slightly feels like it's taking female choice out of the equation .  It's akin to arranged marriage, medieval courtship, etc; and objectify women into "things" that are traded between men. (In marriage, father of woman gives her to husband of woman) In this case, The teacher (authority) and the male student (desires female classmate)   There's also a little cognitive dissonance happening here, so to "fight back" against being "oppressed in a male dominated world", some people started listing "all men" as vilified sexual deviants and fiends through a very narrow, biased and conditional aspect of their life. (I.E. Forced to do a project with a male classmate) To magnify that personal experience to fit the sexual deviant troupe, characteristics are greatly exaggerated.   Looking in one's direction is now "checking one out"; Speech impediment is now "stuttering because (insert sex-related-reason)", Bumping of hands is now "he tried to touch my hand" - Viola, the "Creep" construction is complete. (If this discussion was taking place in Japan, culturally speaking, there'll probably be something about panties, too.)   And..
0	The biggest difference between the two is the delivery mechanism. Regardless if both happen to contain similar amounts of caffeine, I've come to learn that people flip out over how the drug is introduced to one's body if it is not the "normal" way that is socially accepted. Pills = Medicine, Coffee = A normal daily drink.  It's the wrong way to look at it.   I quit smoking over 2 years ago now and switched to an electronic cigarette. After watching so many studies come out on how the vapor is absolutely harmless to any bystanders and then see state governments banning their use in the same places cigarettes are, I just shake my head. If I wore a nicotine patch or chewed some nicotine gum then everything would be fine.  Exhale some odorless vapor or even pleasant smelling vapor that looks like smoke and everyone loses their minds.
0	My ex and I agreed to having kids and when we started trying she had a "blighted ovum". Her doctor recommended a DNC to avoid cramping/pain  and said wait a cycle then go ahead and try again.  We tried again and she got pregnant and developed into a fetus however the fetus stopped developing early.  It was likely the DNC hadn't finished healing or her body was still rejecting the first failed pregnancy.  Either way a relatively high percentage of failed first trimester pregnancies is not uncommon.   Her and her twin sister declared that I must have genetically compromised sperm and continuing to have sex must have caused the miscarriage.  Her twin sister had undergone fertility treatment for several years.  They tacitly blamed me amongst their circle of friends.   I did my own reading and research and then spoke with her OBGYN when we went in for a follow up.  The OBGYN just did the 'these things happen - don't worry, keep trying'.
1	Well my way of thinking is, first ward up because no tower = no vision anywhere near the river. Second, using the wards, you can plan objectives like dragon or orchestrate ganks. More importantly, you can use them to catch people alone, because if you are roaming as a team and they are not, you will always outnumber them and kill them in a fight. (Thus wards are almost always worth buying on any role. )   If the enemy isn't giving away easy advantages like being caught, and you are restricted to farming, you must learn how to freeze the wave (keep it always near your tower) so you can farm in safety. Also you can still try to plan for dragon (by telling your top ahead of time, so their top is late to the dragon fight).   Sometimes you will be fortunate enough that you don't even have to play passive - if your team comp is straight up better than theirs and you win teamfights, by all means play aggressive. But this also requires that you stay grouped so you can be advantaged in teamfights.
1	Considering all of those games are F2P, and WoW isn't F2P it doesn't really have to do with reading comprehension   WoW has no F2P component, they have a trial, if it said micro transactions instead it would make sense
1	Because we didn't focus on getting a final shot of the UI, but more on giving an idea.
0	While irony has many meanings, It think by irony you mean "the opposite of what one might expect," in this case. Thus, it's not  ironic  that he demonstrated a greater understanding. Rather, I would say such an outcome would be expected (at least by myself).
0	No matter how fast you drive there will always be someone who wants to go faster. If you can move right, do it. Actually switching lanes is way more engaging and keeps you more alert and aware of the surroundings than the idiots who pick one lane and stick with it as long as possible.   I drive faster than a lot of people and whenever I reach a point where there is a good amount of space or if someone is coming up quicker behind me I move right, if 30 seconds later I move back into the passing lane that's just fine so long as I'm actually going to pass someone at a reasonable rate of speed. (since some people will argue that going 1 mph faster is still technically passing)
1	We can only evaluate what evidence we have. At the moment, men are the better casters, just because there might eventually maybe be one female caster who isnt shitty, doesnt mean we can't say that the ones we have at the minute are.   I was not saying that these casters are shitty because they are women (apologies if I worded it wrong and implied this) I was saying that they are shitty, and as are all female casters in the industry.   Personally I would take a Moletrap / Hatperson duo cast over any cast with Jade or Kara on. At least Moletrap and Hatperson are energetic (or try to be)
1	I actually prefer to due lane with Mordekaiser--for quite a few reasons. Yes, he's easy to lane with, but he's also easy to gank, especially in a solo lane. This is because 1) he has no built-in escape mechanisms, and 2) he pretty much HAS to push a lane, which makes him vulnerable to jungle ganks and makes it harder for his own jungler to gank his lane.   If morde is laning 2v1 (as the 1), there are some trade-off. If the enemy does a lot of auto-attacking and lets the minions get pushed to the tower, Morde should be fine (the tower will take some damage, but not much). However, if the two laners top know what they are doing, they will zone Morde out of xp from the very start. If the top laners have 1) a decent a mount of harass, or 2) a decent amount of disable, and they use it before morde is able to reach the minions, laning is going to be difficult for him. If they subsequently keep the minions away from the tower, it will be even more difficult. The jungler will also be somewhat less inclined to gank top (2v2) when they can gank mid (2v1) or bot (3v2).   On top of all, as far as champions that NEED a solo lane go, Mordekaiser is pretty low on the list. Yes, his early-mid game is strong, and is even stronger if he gets to solo lane. But he is can duo lane and still be pretty effective/useful (assuming he doesn't fail really hard). Other champions, such as your ranged dps carries, are much more dependent on having a solo lane than Morde   That said, very little of this is due to the jungler--its the situation of the match as a whole from which these issues arise.
0	Okay, imagine it like this:   Say there's a deer in a forest. The deer notices something - maybe a twig snaps, or it sees something out the corner of its eye. It could be any of the thousands of non-threatening/friendly animals in the forest. But maybe one time in the past it ran into a wolf, and that's not a lesson you forget. The deer goes on high alert and gets tense as fuck. It's not a voluntary state - the deer isn't thinking, "It sounds like a squirrel but I bet it's one of those asshole wolves". There is an automatic fear response to the slightest chance of a threat(cause evolution!).   So humans are different in that we can logically reason that it  isn't  a wolf. The chances of that are slim. This is 99.999% likely to be a good guy who just wants to get home and see his family and eat some good food. But there's still a tiny little deer in our heads, shitting bricks at falling leaves because  there's still a chance it's a threat . We do not think you're a rapist. We just heard a twig snap. Again, evolution, involuntary reaction.
0	It's actually because 5 months into the relationship I was talking with another girl, texting. No pictures or anything, but there was flirting. I'll have to explain.   Before her I was in an abusive relationship. The girl I ahd been texting (she doesn't know who it was) was a girl I had been talking to during that relationship. Lived across the country though. We were flirting through text and she saw that. I had stopped it before, and had been planning to tell her everything, but hadn't found the strength to do so. Not sure if I would have found the strength.   Fast forward a few months later, I thought she had forgiven me. Things seemed fine. We were engaged! No ring yet, but we were searching. And when she found the eprfect one I went out and got it in January. I was planning to ask her come summer time in a spot by the lake. Where we had shared one of our first "romantic" moments.   We were together a total of 17 months before she ended it out of the blue. That's when things really took a toll on me. Trying to move past it for the first few weeks and she contacts me. Crying. I was trying to date another girl, but it wasn't the same (never is at first). She hated me for becoming this great guy  after  her. This was beginning of April. I'll have to explain that before continuing.   After she ended it, I started working out and noticing all the other little things I had done wrong. My workout routine was everyday, running and/or lifting. I trained for a Half marathon that I ran a few weeks ago, and I'll be running in the Tougher Mudder soon on July 20th. I started playing guitar again and writing music. I started doing all these things I had forgotten about. I ahd been down on my luck stuck in a depressing job (Still am), but it kept me from really enjoying life until it was too late. There was a bunch of other things I changed, and it pissed her off it seemed.   So, back to the timeline. We went back and forth until I saw her again. I drove out one night, two and a half hours away to where she lived (and where I used to live with her), to see her. We talked on the phone the whole way. We ended up having sex before I went home. We planned on seeing eachother again later that week. (By this time I had called it off with the other girl, I liked her a lot, but things felt unfinished at the time).   She ended it a second time, citing that we had to start moving on. Well, this would happen a third time! Where we met and started talking. Hung out again and everything for the day and I stayed the night. Before, you guessed it, she ended it again.   Fast forward two/three weeks. She calls again. This is where she said she really wanted to try again. So we ended up living together for two weeks, she said we were both "single" but trying. That she needed time to clear her head before jumping back into it. But she wanted me there. She was in school and finals were coming up, so I thought it was a good idea to just feel things out.   Two weeks, and we went out on dates, I took care of the house work while her and her roomates were in class, I cooked for all of them, went out and had fun. I even became closer with her best friend, in a good way! Something I hadn't done before. Everything was going great. And she ended it  again . Called it quits.   That's when I pretty much broke. That was a true "I fucking snapped" moment. Not in anger, just not wanting to even move. There's a lot of great things that happened between her and me during those two weeks that I obviously didn't write out. Which just made it all feel like things were getting better. She ended it because she said, in her words, "I can't trust you again. You broke my heart and my trust." It had been the fact I had been flirting with that other girl. She couldn't get passed it a year later.   The worst part, during our break inbetween she was seeing other guys. Not when we lived together, but other times. She saw three other guys that all told her they didn't want to go any further. That they weren't ready for a relationship. And I took it for whatever reason.   So what did I find out after? Two days later, she had another guy visit her and hang out at her house. That guy would later have sex with her before telling her he didn't want anything to do with her. So, four guys told her that. She now associates me as a guy who doesn't deserve a second chance. This is now... Oh... 7 weeks after she ended it last?   The worst part? I still felt bad. After everything. Even though she was already with another guy. I felt bad for her, I still wanted to make ehr feel better for whatever reason.   My body is in shape. I have my six pack back, gained 30 lbs on muscle and a beach body. Can play some kickass guitar songs and sing too. Got back into pottery, throwing on the wheel, went out to L.A. because Microsoft invited me out. And a ton of other great shit with the Tough Mudder event to look forward to.   So at least i got that going for me.
0	You laugh, but I sorta did that: met this girl, geeky, pretty. Went out on two dates, hooked up on the second date, didn't wear a rubber, second time we hooked up, I asked her if she was on the pill, she wasn't, and we both didn't care as we loved each other. Two months later, she was pregnant. Four months later, we moved in together. A year after giving birth, we break up and move our separate ways.  Moral of the story: get to know your girl before knocking her up, you don't know how crazy she is in a few days, weeks or months.
0	Exactly. Story time! I live in Massachusetts, and my girlfriend (before we were dating) lived in New York. When she lived in New York, we were good friends, and so a couple of times we met up in Montpelier, VT for day trips, since it was about the midpoint for us. One time in particular, we had dinner and drinks at a bar, and had both had quite a bit to drink. The bar closed, so we couldn't stay there, we didn't have a place to stay because we were just staying there did the day, we were too drunk to drive home, and it was too cold to just walk around. So we decided to just wait in her car until we were sober enough to drive home. Fast forward, about 30 minutes of drunk cuddling later, I see this incredibly bright light shine into the car. There's a police man standing next to the car, shining his flashlight right in my face. So I rolled down the window, and explained the situation, and he proceeded to lecture me about why what we were doing was illegal, and how he should give me an OUI, but fortunately he didn't. Oh, and he also threatened to give us a ticket for "camping" in the city... Because we were sitting in a car... I guess he thought we were sleeping in it.
0	I once called a dead co-workers voicemail so i could hear the voice of a serial killer. Turns out he was a rapist/ serial killer police had been looking for. He took himself out when the police questioned him. We worked the help desk call center.
1	I used to play with my ex's (more than one hahaha) and well it legit ruin our relationships because I was in bronze and they were in High Gold or Plat and refused to teach me how to properly do things and then made fun of me for being bad, obviously this upset me and they got their friends to laugh at me too. So
0	Of course, though, we are not behind the Iron Curtain. The death penalty has popular support in the jurisdictions where it gets used. Something like  60% of Americans support it .   Also, we have a completely different system. The state does not decide who to kill, juries do. And, of course, juries are chosen to reach a certain result to some degree, but it is at least an adversarial process that seeks to prevent outright bias. And if there was obvious bias than there might be a remedy in appeals to toss out the sentence.   Point is, the mere availability of better tools to execute will not compel the state to engage in more of them.   Note, though, that I do agree with the idea that it might happen more if we found better ways to do it. Juries are going to be more likely to support it if it looks painless and not barbaric. This is obvious, though. But it is not the state doing it.
1	Think of it this way.  Sure, you could look at it as "their abilities get better when their bars are full".  But you could just as easily say "their abilities are not at full strength unless the bar is full."  I mean, look at their abilities, and then compare them to other abilities on similar folks.  Renekton's skills without rage are actually a bit substandard.  (His skills WITH rage are actually a little above average, but most of the time you use the substandard version.  The part that makes him work is that you have some control over when you want to use the awesome version.)   Good Renektons monitor their rage bar and will sometimes NOT CAST SPELLS because they need to save their rage for something.  (More lifesteal or longer stun, usually.)  Rumbles have to walk an even finer line, of keeping their heat high enough to get the full damage, but not so high that they self-silence themselves for 6 seconds.  (6 seconds is a LONG TIME)   I would argue that these champs are far more limited by their resource system than mundo or vlad or trynd are.  When I play Trynd, if an ability is off of cooldown, and I want to use it, I just push the button.  I don't have to think about anything else.  (sure it costs health, but it's so laughably small it might as well not even be there.)  I don't even think about it otherwise.  The only limiting factor is the cooldown.   On the other hand, when I play Renekton or Rumble, I often hold off on using abilities that I would like to use, so that I don't blow my rage/heat too early or on something I don't care about.
0	Excuse me, I shouldn't have said profession, I meant a craft.  If you are looking to make money learn a craft and sell your services.  Oh wait I forgot people don't know how to make things or are too lazy and undisciplined to do so.  So they are regressed into mediocrity, and have a choice of three options; pay for college, work your balls off for someone else, or join the military and be a "hero". Being a soldier is not a legit profession, I'm sorry.  Yes, you can make a career our of the military, but its a horrible thing to do.  You essentially are asking to be a  pawn.  Do you know what happens to a pawn in chess games?  And the fact that being a soldier is a regular job doesn't bother you in the least?   I never wanted to convey to you that being a soldier is NOT a profession.  I wanted to convey that for the reasons it even exists as a profession is not a way to make your daily bread and contribute to humanity.  Perhaps being a soldier under different circumstances could be a better contribution to humanity, such as personal protection for the people back at home and only on the home front.  So long as being a soldier means to go to another land, I do not support it's cause what so ever.  I'm fine with preparation, and its for that reason that many other countries do mandatory military service, so that should another country invade, as a citizen you will be well prepared.  If our freedom was really at steak then the fight would be on our turf, and then and only then could I condone a soldiers profession.  The discipline, is a nice factor into creating a warrior, but  its not all sunshine and rainbows.  Combat veterans come out with horrible symptoms of post traumatic stress AND get treated like shit by their own country.  THAT is supposed to be a profession?   Also you have to understand what it means to work a job today.  It mainly means working for someone else, meaning that they OWN you, somewhat like a slave but its voluntary.  You pretty much sell your self.  I honestly feel that is a violation against humanity to give us 3 options out of high school WITHOUT preparing us with technical skills.  But I digress,
0	I don't know what to tell you, then. The mentality exists and there are plenty of people willing to believe it. At my school, everything was blamed on race. A black kid stole a laptop and got suspended? Racism. A white kid made the highest grade on the test? Racism. Disregard the 3 black kids in the class's top 5, the black-only scholarships, and the white guys who get busted on possession.   Being white made you a minority and whatever stereotype they came up with for you. If you were white, people automatically assumed you were rich with a nice family even when most white kids in the area lived in trailers and a significant percentage had one-parents homes.
0	While there is some variation in how durable clothes are made, I wouldn't say it scales well to cost.   Calvin Kline was selling black t-shirts for $100, but I doubt they lasted 20 longer than a basic $5 hanes black t-shirt.   My Hugo Boss button downs run about $100-120 a pop, but they don't really last 3 times as long as the basic structure button downs I buy. Hell one of the button downs I've had that lasted the longest is a $5 walmart deal. And the button down my mom got from me in Italy had a button break within a year.   Nicer clothes are also more likely to be dry clean only, which is just a PITA. I have dry cleaning service that picks up in my building but I still refuse to dry clean stuff I wear regularly. If I can't wash it at 2am by myself than it's just not for me.   Really if you want to impress the majority of people just dress well and wear clothes that aren't very old (this will keep them from being faded and help keep them in style). You've got to be around really style minded people before they start assessing if you've got quality buttons and the right kind of collar style for the season.
0	this whole fucking DAE unpopular?! followed by inevitable top comment OMG ITS ACTUALLY POPULAR GUISE and then le reddit upvote bridge splooges everywhere and goes "chaeeyyaa this guy omg thats so right cuz its actually popular not unpopular"  let me help you out kids.. if something gets to the front page .. ITS POPULAR .. if it doesnt... its not.. the only real unpopular opinions have 0 or negative upvotes... why the fuck do you fedora tippers have to argue about whether or not its popular while stroking your neckbeards? why cant there be actual discussion or an interesting opinion anywhere with positive karma... or maybe its just too controversial and the only safe bet is to .. just.. fuck it
1	I find the design to be fairly enjoyable compared to others. I find it quite amusing to see players here picking on fizz and saying he's OP, rather than Syndra, malzahar, or veigar. The amount of burst they have is far higher than fizz, and can 100 to 0 people even harder than fizz. Everytime that syndra lands that stun with insanely huge width and range, then lands a second Q and ult, makes me want to cry. Not to mention the insanely low cooldown on her Q and E makes it practically impossible to avoid getting hit. I always ban syndra. I never ban fizz. The margin of safetydistance you need against a syndra is far higher than a fizz. Sure they may not have an 'escape' against junglers like fizz. but for fizz to actually be useful, he has to all in. And that frame of all-in can be abused extremely hard by junglers.
1	I made a similar post. Was the first post I made actually. I watched one video called "Why elo hell doesn't exist" and in that video it said "there was a pro DOTA player that said 'I was actually really bad 3 months ago. So one day after I lost a match I said to myself. "I suck in this area this area and this area" I then proceeded to move up in ranking." Now I know why you may think it exists but it honestly doesn't. I have a current elo of 897 and currently bringing it higher.
0	Disclaimer: (I am no biologist, just trying to remember stuff from school)   We have the same cells in our eyes (cones/ rods) and I believe they regenerate so we might see slight variations of color, just like we have different tolerances to touch but cold is still cold, hot is still hot.   Why don'ts you ask if a surface is rough how do you know i am not feeling it as soft?  Because it is course and grainy.  You might perceive rougher or softer than me but we both perceive it as rough.   This is just scientifically, but like a lot of people are saying it is totally subjective and it is a very popular paradox in philosophy.
1	I know nothing about OP, so that could be true. That being said, look at the following quick math. This doesn't count MR or MPen. OP has 78 MR, and Nidalee has 40% MPen + masteries. Safe to say OP has effective MR after MPen is taken into account.   Items:  > LB    80ap    350mp   > VS    70ap            40% mpen   > RD    140ap            +30% ap   > AS    45ap    400mp    +1000mp    3% max mana -> ap (assuming full Archangel's)   > MS    180ap (assuming full Mejai's)   Default for Nidalee:  > Mana        220 + 45*18 = 1030   Quick math: > Total mana = 1030 + 350 + 400 + 1000 = 2780   > Raw AP = 80 + 70 + 140 + 45 + 180 = 515   > AP bonus from mana    = 2780*.03 = 83.4   > Pre-RD AP = 515 + 83.4 = 598.4   > RD AP bonus = 598.4*.3 = 179.52   > Post RD bonus    = 598.4 + 179.52 = 777.92   Nid Spear max: 575 (+1.625 per ap)   Max Damage possible from one spear = 575 + 1.625*777.92 = 1839.12   Assuming that Nidalee had exactly enough MPen to cancel out OP's MR, her spear at max range would do 1839 damage. I seriously doubt it was one spear.
1	I've reported people that have had less than 20 deaths before. One recent example is someone that went 0/7 before 10 minutes, and in the chat refused to play better.(he was overextending without warding and knew he was being camp, he admitted to it, and just kept dying on their tower) I had another instance where a player got mad at something someone said and afk'd in lane giving 2 kills.
1	I'm a hugeeeeee advocate of not adding surrender, at least not in it form in league or hon.  A game of dota is not over typically until one team can push a rax down, and even then you can come back. Typically in dota, team comps that are strong early, tail off later, and team comps that are weak early, become stronger later.   Surrenders also seem to promote giving up, once someone on your team has waved the white flag, your moral is definitely going to take a hit. Add in not wanting to surrender because you think the game salvagable, and players getting mad at you for this, and it doesn't create a great environment.   DotA follows a MUCH different meta-game then LoL. There isn't a 'snowball meta', and I've seen pro games where the team down 12-1 in kills is actually up on exp and gold (and went on to absolutely stomp the other team).
1	Here are my thoughts as a 1600~ player.  She is trash and will not been in ranked anytime without major buffs.   Pros:   -She has decent mobility when chasing or escaping long distances.  However, her mobility is non existent for when it counts most, during team fights.  See the first point of the cons.   -Decent AOE damage during team fights.  I haven't done the math, nor am I a top player or theorycrafter, but with her ultimate, she does gain huge range for those team fights that are very packed together.   -Huge damage potential as a snowball champ.   -Also, this is stated in the tips section of the character info, but I'm going to repeat that Riven is decent against multiple melee characters targeting you.   edit   -I rarely ever play TT, but if she could dash through thin walls, she would be godly on TT.  TT's metagame usually involves 3 tanky DPS, or at least 2 tanky DPS, and Riven excels at dealing AOE melee damage.   Cons:   -For a character that is supposed to have high mobility, the distance of the E dash is pathetically short, like Nidalee's W.  This grants her piss poor mobility in team fights.  It doesn't let you traverse thin walls unlike Nid.   Although Q grants forward movement, Riven has no gap closer, thus she is not considered an "assassin" by Riot.   If you were to use Q to close the distance on your desired target, you are wasting your damage if you leveled Q.  If you level W for damage, then I can see Riven using Q and E to close the gap, but after her short 0.5 second stun, I don't really see her being able to use 3 stacks unless your enemy is directly fighting you.  If you are chasing someone, good luck with that.   -Incredibly high skill cap required to play well.  The "stutter step" micro required of her is going to be very difficult for average players.  Also, during team fights, if you are intending to stick on a specific target, as you usually should, it's  too hard to stutter step properly and always be attacking your desired target.   Because of this, she will get kited severely just like Udyr and Nasus.   -No disables aside from her W. Her W stun range is piss poor without her ultimate active.  This is related to what I feel is her main problem with mobility.  If the stun radius was to be extended too greatly, it would be overpowered.  As it currently stands right now, she lacks the move speed and mobility to get into a good position to AOE stun, so if you're chasing the enemy, you'll usually only stun one :[     No good abilities that help you sustain in lane nor farm even.  Riven has no ranged aside from her ultimate.  Farming early game against a good harassing champ will cause you to be denied to hell.     She can not initiate fights aside from a short distance.       Other thoughts:   I keep wondering if she designed by the guy who made Garen, for multiple reasons.   Riven seems like a snowball champ like Garen or Akali, but seems mediocre without any advantage.   If you play like Garen does, camping the brush as top solo for a chance to harass the enemy down with your combo, such as in the champion spotlight, possible seems like a viable method to lane.   I can't seem to think of a role that couldn't be filled better by multiple other champions.  She doesn't have any abilties that are truly unique to her aside from doing massive aoe melee damage, which is what garen does also.  Garen is 100x easier to play, does more damage, and has more survivability also.
0	Fyi, although I'm not saying that coat-hanger abortions didn't happen, or that such a thing wouldn't be horrible, a good bit of what's said about the "bad old days of illegal abortion" (for instance any claim where someone talks about "5000 deaths a year") is very much exaggerated.   Dr. Bernard Nathonson, an ex-abortionist turned pro-life advocate, was one of the key players in the legalization of abortion in the US. He wrote "I confess that I knew that the figures [they fed to the public and media] were totally false and I suppose that others did too if they stopped to think of it. But in the 'morality' of our revolution, it was a useful figure, widely accepted, so why go out of our way to correct it with honest statistics?"   (He also said that they played the Catholic card, made it seem like the only people opposed to abortion were some Catholics, and suppressed the views of pro-lifers of other Christian faiths, other religions entirely, and pro-life atheists. But that's another story.)   Additionally, Mary Calderone, medical director of Planed Parenthood in the 1960's, said "In 1957 there were only 260 deaths in the whole country attributed to abortions of any kind…Second, and even more important, the conference [on abortion sponsored by Planned Parenthood] estimated that 90 percent of all illegal abortions are presently being done by physicians…Whatever trouble arises usually arises from self-induced abortions, which comprise approximately 8 percent, or with the very small percentage that go to some kind of non-medical abortionist…So remember…abortion, whether therapeutic or illegal, is in the main no longer dangerous, because it is being done well by physicians."   This chart from  shows the downward trend in maternal abortion deaths in the early 1900s, when medical care was improving and antibiotics becoming more available. Though the numbers are low probably before and after Roe due to under-reporting, the trend shows that legalization had virtually no impact on the already declining number of abortion deaths.
1	I'm a mod on the solomid forums, and I was working on filtering questions on the oddone AMA thread, not the TSM Q&A. However, you have no idea how many times questions were asked/repeated.   The thread to public members looks to be 22 pages (220 posts, many with mutliple questions) but when you factor in the hidden ones it is 37 pages long. That's 150 posts of repeated questions/spam.
0	Well, you seem to be missing my point, which is i don't hate on fat people because of the way they look, i hate that they do nothing about it even if they can, simply because they are lazy. Dietary habits can be changed, and fat people will loose weight, but if a gangster rapper from the 'hood decides to clean up his act and get a job/education or w/e he still remains black. So yeah, if you are lazy enough to endanger your health, and maybe even the health of others by promoting "fat culture", and tell everyone being fat is ok, that's fucked up. Being black or racist has nothing to do with it.   Also i am speaking from experience - used to be a bit overweight, started working out and eating good food and now i look and feel awesome. But even when i was fat, i was never one of those guys that try to defend they're lazyness with bullshit about fat culture or w/e.
0	He's excited. He's found something that makes him happy. Think of it this way. As Christians we are taught to believe that Jesus is always there for us. He's found someone  who loves him unconditionally, will never turn his back on him, someone he can count on. Someone who he can turn to when a problem arises. There's love, grace & mercy. And he's probably never had it like that before. As Christians, we are told to spread the message, make disciples, share our love of the Lord. You're his friend & he wants you to experience that joy along with him. Just be excited for him, & support him. You can even let him know that it's a bit annoying bc you're not into it the way he is but, you're glad he's found something that makes him happy. However, I will say that if he's condemning,  judging,  or telling you that your a horrible person bc you don't think the same then he's completely missing the point.
0	TRUE story: Teacher in 10th grade told me I'd never amount to anything, and I'd be lucky to flip burgers at McDonalds because they would never let me work the register. When I graduated, on graduation day, I made it a point to tell her and a few others to fuck themselves. HS was the worst 4yrs of my life. I was popular, active, was having sex, etc...but the teachers were mostly all horrible.   (Jokes on her, you don't flip burgers at McDonalds!)   and............ ffwd 7 years later, I'm upper management at a Fortune 100 company. I had some issues with the group that set up Blackberries dicking me around. I escalated and had a guy call me at 5pm on a friday before I had to leave for Singapore. Dude is very apologetic and being a real nice guy, but definitely kissing ass.
1	It's like everyone that plays has the IQ of a monkey, forgets social, common sense rules, empathy.   Yes, you're totally blaming other people for your toxicity, if you want an advice : start looking at yourself, you're fucking bronze/silver that means (no offense) you SUCK. You brag about a freaking 60% win rate in bronze... Even a high silver player can easily climb in less that 30 games.   Learn about the game, practice and maybe when you hit master you can say other people are idiots and suck at this game. Hell, im d5 and i consider myself as trash.  Thing is people are too light-skinned, everything you gonna say will be considered as "flame". So just stfu, don't trashtalk, show them you're the one to follow by making good plays/calls around the map.
1	From a ganking standpoint however, if your laner has a good engage as you are entering the fray, the ganked opponent will likely have blown their burst, and will instantly enter the mindset of needing to run away. This is where Naut shines - land a hook/AA/Ult and CC train engaged - there is no time for an opponent to pop the shield.   Naut's damage with a couple points in his shield, assuming he can get a few AAs in is quite remarkable, and most people I play against don't expect it, at all.   This aside, his peeling potential in teamfights is completely unmatched. If your comp is a protect-the-carry comp (which is pretty common in the current meta) you will be hard-pressed to find someone who can protect and let the carry deal damage throughout a teamfight. Not to mention the pick potential.
0	This opinion seems hella repugnant and callous. What did someone else being fat ever do to you? Was your puppy sat on by somebody's careless giant butt? If so, fuck you cause that puppy wasn't going to last long regardless of what sat on it and you shouldn't hold on to that anger. Look at it this way, If I'm a fat bastard the only thing that's going to affect is my own damn self. Too big to sit in one airline seat? I'll have to buy a second. Too out of shape to play a fun sport for extended periods of time with the gang? Bummer, I guess I'll just sit out for now. Fat people understand that an opportunity cost exists with eating so much. Being fat isn't anyone's problem but their own for the most part and if the specific fat people are cool with it then that's all there is to say about it. If they were encouraged to get fit by positive people that weren't full of projected hate I think that would be super rad but, you shouldn't make it your duty to inflict psychological damage to others cause they are totally unfuckable in your eyes. (I'm assuming this is something on a shallow level of looks because I doubt your passion for making fat people feel bad comes from a place of compassion for their health.) A lot of people suffer mental health issues because they are ashamed of the way they look and because they fear the way others perceive them, I think that's fucked up. I think shitheads like you should take a second to realize just how low you are behaving as people when other's feels of self worth are lowered because you don't like their appearance.   In regards to the fact that fat peoples' medical bills affect all of us; this is true, you got me there. let's inflict mental damage on fat people as penance for their folly, that's totally reasonable guys. Homeless people are a burden to the tax payer as well so we should just arrest them, oh no wait... we'd still pay for them, instead let's just murder them. Same with criminals!  they're on the country's dime and they've clearly proven they are not fit to be treated with dignity. The old and infirm can stay if they payed into Medicare but we got no room for orphans or the mentally ill as I can see it.
1	My goals? Reach Plat 1 or better. I only started playing ranked in season 2, at the end of it because I didn't think I was good enough to play ranked. I was placed in Gold around 1550 elo or so, but after the season ended my elo had dropped even lower. So when I did my placements in season 3 I started at Silver 2. I got to Gold 1 by the end of season 3. Placed back into Gold 1 from my 10 placement matches in season 4, played 1 game a month to not decay. Missed a couple days and decayed to Gold 2, but have now reached Plat 5 in about 50 total ranked games in the season.
1	I feel like some of the guides on this website were rushed, and if you've never actually seen the writer play that champ, I wouldn't trust it.   For example, in Aphromoo's Amumu guide he says to max W 1st, so I check the abilities section to see why that is. He says it does good damage early game, then I look for some argument on his E, so when reading that he says "After buying your Malady, you will see that Tantrum will burst the squishier champs for significant of damage." So I think Malady? That's an interesting item, I check the item section, Malady isn't even mentioned once.
0	Right.  It's really crippling.  Scumbag Brain.  I just think too much, that's it.  I mean, my brain is always running on overdrive, and it always breaks off into tangents.  Tangents eventually hit a negative memory.  Boom. Episode.  Could be anything from something my parents said to me, to any number of dumb shit that happened in grade school (I was a really awkward kid). Then, after the episode, there's a few minutes of recovery where I have to tell myself that I'm alright and that I'm here in the moment now.  I just wish I didnt have to hurt anymore.
0	Engine braking is only good if you have issues controlling your braking, and often lock up your wheels. The  one  advantage it has is that it will never lead to locking them up. One downside is that it doesn't turn on your brakelights for anyone traveling behind you.   This really doesn't matter nowadays, as ABS has gotten really good. The shortest stopping will always be someone who can ride the brakes just shy of locking up, but since that's incredibly difficult, ABS is the next best thing.
1	You'd think so, but there is quite the common theme amongst the champions that is getting not only annoying but is entirely uncreative.   Look at the last few champions released and what do a majority of them have in common?  Partial to most of their story isn't even built around them.  It's based on some MIA element.  Yasuo's brother, Lucian's wife(though, this was more so a product of reddit speculation than anything), Jinx's sister, Aatrox's Darkin, Lissandra's Frozen Watchers, Quinn's brother, Vi's sister, and Zed's box.   They either don't spend time on their lore past the point where it gives reason for a champion, or they're not giving it to us for some reason.  Most of the champions don't even pass the "describe their background to a friend" test.  Explain Zed to someone?  "He's a ninja that go kicked out of ninja school and then came back to ninja school and was going to destroy this box where he got his powers but the box did something and then Zed killed his master."  Explain Diana to someone?  "Diana was a member of the Solari that wanted to prove that the moon was just as strong of a power-at-be as the sun.  When she found her armor and blade in Mount Targon, she returned to the Solari elders to show them the fruits of her research where she was labeled a heretic and condemned to death.  She then broke her binds using the power of the moon and killed everyone."  There's a huge difference when plot essential subjects in the character's background are actually described.   One not listed here that I've had a problem with ever since I first played this game was Janna.  Have you read her lore?  It's like the dream of a 3rd grade girl.  It's literally, Janna was a street urchin, met some mysterious dude, and became the strongest wind bender in the world over night.  It's infuriating.   All-in-all, I guess my point is that these flashy graphics and videos mean shit when they don't support a complete story.
1	You need to understand it from start to finish.  This is excellent decision making by both players.  Annie starts with a great 2 man flash Tibbers to stun both.  Jinx sees shyv coming and attack moves north to get away.  Annie waits to pop her shield to block all the burst from thresh and lucian.  Jinx starts running to get shyv to try and move ahead of her and open up the rocket.  Then the real clutch happens.  Annie drops a 2 man stun on the enemy team while barely avoiding the boxes insant kill and jinx pump fakes Shyv to get the rocket off.  Then Jinx having not blown her flash to do any of that runs away from her turret so Shyv is foreced to ult away from Jinx's safe point and flashs brush to brush as soon as he makes his move so he can't see her and she can get away.  After all that she uses her barrier to bait shyv away from her annie so that they can both get away.
1	Just play it like its a normal game. Remember it just for fun AND you can just delete your old team with a shitty record and make a new one.   And laugh. I can't say how important it is to laugh. When something shitty happens, and a close friend blames you, just say a witty retort (Eat a dick!) and laugh. Laughing relieves the tension in a game quickly. And don't make your force your friends into champs they don't want to play. Hell our ranked team has a 100% win rate with support Nasus and mid Karma because they felt like playing those champs.
0	Repost of a comment from lower in the thread, because it applies here.   If you're a gay man that hasn't had a negative association with the word f-----, great, but that doesn't give you the ability to speak for the entire community.   1)There are thousands of people who have had that word thrown at them while being bullied, shamed, and physically assaulted. They don't get to choose to be offended by that word, the association is forced upon them. Same for the n-slur. This is stuff that continues in the present tense, and to demean them as "just being touchy" is heartless victim blaming. So stop.   2) Beyond all that, words are what we use to teach people meaning. By contributing to a culture that introduces young boys to the words gay and f----- as negatives, long before they have the nuanced or even complete understanding of sexuality that we do, is terrible. Imagine any number of preteens on xbox live hearing and regurgitating homophobic slurs, then eventually finding out what they mean. They've internalized that negativity, possibly even before they know their own orientation.   3) You're saying that sucking dick is objectively submissive, and therefore fair game as use for an insult. You're wrong on both counts. It's a personal choice that can go either way, but for my two cents: I say, and feel, that the one in the power position is the one who has the teeth around the most sensitive part of their partner's body.   Reddit is great because it gives us the best possible toolset for breaking down cultures that perpetuate harmful ideas and language. It's also terrible because it's hard evidence that people don't choose to use it that way.
1	There was a time, long long ago, in a season not unlike this one...When towers truly recognized friend from foe, when they sought to protect the champions of the league, growing stronger when ever a beacon of hope that was an ally was nearby!
1	If I may use myself for an example:   I fell in love with Veigar when I started playing LoL. Played him almost  every  game for probably 400 games. I consider myself "better-than-average" with him.   If I had to play any champion other than him during that time frame, and I wasn't able to support, it was almost a guaranteed loss for our team - I had to make a smurf just to learn different roles vs. humans, because I felt I got my normal elo to a point in which you can't start training against the people you play against - they'll just outright stomp you.
1	If you already are a challenger level player, you can carry 4v5 and will not have problems achieving 90% winrate in plat and below.   But you are not. It's not that easy. You learn, but you don't learn that fast. So you climb slow and losing a game in a promo to an afk that trolled the game before is a thing that can take hours to redeem.   Hey, some challenger said he can win 4v5 anyways, so obviously you should just do the same. Doesn't matter if you are a plat player stuck in gold or anything similar.
1	maybe, not entirely sure without doing calculations, it'd really depend on:     what level you were     what hero you were (different base mana depending on champ)     runes and masteries     passives etc (i think ryzes ult gives him mana? not sure)       But overall it's a much better choice to stack archangels as you have a much larger mana pool/regen (more spamming skills) and its also cheaper than rabadaba.   Found this quote on league wiki   >To gain more AP from the  Archangel's Staff than a single  Rabadon's Deathcap (which gives 182 ability power if alone) a champion would need more than 4567 mana. However, a champion would only need 3167 mana for the  Archangel's Staff to provide more ability power than a second  Rabadon's Deathcap.
1	Not OP, but I guess I can speak for him. Alex is a legend. He was the face of Moscow 5/Gambit Gaming, who back then were an absolutely dominating force in the competitive scene. He was extremely knowledgeable and skilled, an exceptionally solid midlaner (and a strong toplaner (and jungler afaik too)), yet very humble in victory and graceful in defeat, as the summoners code tells us to be. I don't know how his current state is since I don't follow the EUCS, but at least that's how it was in the past.When people thought about M5/GG, they thought primarily about Alex. That's why so many are talking about changing their Gambit flairs.
0	First of all I don't really care about racism one way or another, I was just posting because this entire thread was full of racism or stereotypes, either way if you say black people can't swim and always disregard the rules its racist, and then this post was defending black people in regards to being shitty public pool users because it's all poor people not just blacks who suck at using public pools and defended the racism that is being exerted throughout this entire post.  But then they basically said that they would take poor black people over poor white people as long as the blacks weren't gangbangers, whites can be gangbangers, latinos can also.  In fact where I live it's cambodians who most likely resemble gangbangers.
1	I should have rephrased the line about him being an upgrade. My point is that many people assume that he's inferior but if he was inferior in every aspect he wouldn't have been chosen - there was enough for TSM to believe he was 'better' than Xpecial in one way or another. As you've pointed out a lot of things imply that TSM will perform worse but we have no true indication aside from player opinions. I'm just providing counterarguments to the assumption that they'll 'obviously' be worse, because I believe there's a similar amount of evidence that they'll be better   my
0	Agreed.  Just saying it is subjective. Water has a taste,  or so says insects .  So yes, these frequencies are visible - just not to us.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	Being a top lane main and seeing other people on my team trying to top with ghost plus exhaust which ONLY/or never works with SPECIFIC champions (nobody used exhaust top because escaping from ganks with flash so you don't feed is more important and ignite is a must because even if your champ sucks in lane vs their's, you at least have a chance to kill them if they go full retard) and my ad carry bitch at me for teaching someone to play better. My top was obviously feeding for real while the enemy top was being the ultimate raid boss due to lane dominance in summoners.
1	It is a different game, but that might not be a bad thing. My experience with first time league games is that a lot of players bring heal, exhaust, ghost or whatever and then never use either summoner the entire game. Many people can't even consistently do their spell rotations in a fight and might die without ulting. Seeing as this is the case, I'm OK with flash ignite not being available immediately, as those will probably only be used by smurfs anyway. Heal and ghost are like the easier versions of ignite and flash.
1	I've been playing since s1 and didn't play ranked until this season >.> had something like 1500-2k total games before doing ranked. I guess I was plenty experienced because I was placed mid silver(right before the switch to the current League system) and went from Silver 3 - Gold 5 pretty easily playing only support with the occasional Rammus jungle.
0	I never hear people say we should hang out soon. I'm always the one that has to make plans, and then they are cancelled on me for shitty reasons, and the best one was "I just don't really want to see you". Thank you. I don't want to see me either, but too bad I'm stuck with it all the time because no one hangs out with me. Then another one of my friends only talks to me when he wants to hang out, I cannot get him to answer me ever at any other time. Feels like shit.
1	its funny cause half the greif is that the game takes too dam long, you know when your going to lose, and then it take 20+ minutes for the loss to actually happen. In that time, everyone is bitching, whining and complaining cause they can't leave, they will get banned. They are force to play this terrible situation for the next 10-15 minutes. And you always have some people who will refuse to surrender, no matter how obvious it is your going to lose.
1	That's a fair point. On the other for hand many people, self included, the story is the payoff. It's why I played Dungeons and Dragons as a teen, it's why I love fantasy novels, it's why I watch Game of Thrones, it's why I started playing MMOs and, as I grew up and ran out of time for those time sinks, eventually MOBAs.   That's why I brought up an AR game. It's marketing for nerds who are in to that stuff, and completely ignorable except as something that looks like a hype video for those who aren't. Not to mention the side benefit that the people playing the AR game can be fed speculation about new champions as part of the Riot hype machine.   I mean, they already have the trappings of an AR game in a lot of their web development with strange stuff happening on champion profile pages when they are teasing champs/skins (and the vel'koz video). It would be absolutely trivial for them to put some clues in the source for the web page. Virtually no investment by Riot, and excellent marketing for the segment of the population that loves a good AR game.
1	In general, I want to know how to get better at this game and gain more knowledge. I'm bronze 1 know and I feel like in the past 3 months since capping my skill level has gone nowhere. I never feel like I earn victories or that I'm outplaying anyone. Every game I go into lane and try to poke down my enemy as much as I can then all in and hope I get a kill, but the outcome feels random. I just don't feel like I'm getting better at all, I've tried spamming solo q, learning from streams our youtube guides.
1	It's always a skill matchup even with counter picks, I will still beat your 4th game Diana with my Kat main...   But if you actually care about climbing, you will have your main, and then  1-2 champs that counterpick your main's counters that you're also good with.   You will shit on any Kat player if your skill with these champs is just slightly lower than hers:     Fiddlesticks   Diana   Lissandra   Lee Sin (don't be bad, end game before 35min)   Galio    Sejuani   Malzahar   Fizz   Riven   Lulu   Casseiopeia     The following picks will ensure you lose the game vs Kat:     Xerath   Leblanc    Veigar   Lux   Akali   Twisted Fate   Teemo     Everything else is a skill matchup.   how du me not fed teh kat when am bot lane??   Step 1 - Pink your tri bush   Step 2 - Why are you pushed to their tower with <50% health?   Step 3 - Maybe don't do dragon with MIA mid while you're all low   Step 4 - OMGAWD if we all in and dive tower, we get a 1 for 1 trade with their adc! Nah Kat will get a reset and potentially kill both of you. Also why are you diving/extending for 1 for 1 trades? Those are never worth it.   Am go top, me still die, wat du?   Step 1 - Don't over extend Step 2 - Use trinket Step 3 - Don't build full AD on bruisers, you idiot. DERRR BUT ME PLAY FULL AD JAX, well yeah m808 you deserve to lose then   Am mid, i suck, wat du?   Step 1 - Recall  properly, why the fuck are you recalling at 20% health in the middle of the fucking lane??   Step 2 - Push tower, fall back, repeat.   Step 3 - Use Barrier not ignite, sekrit op vs kat   am shite jungle idk how 2 gank som1 with escapes   Step 1 - See if you can gank anyway   Step 2 - Make sure you poke when you gank so your mid laner can actually function as a player   Step 3 - Go gank another lane maybe   Step 4 - Stop tower diving, you're lv4 she's lv6 what are you even thinking   Step 5 - Stop counter jungling, you're lv3 with 150 health left, calm your titties and recall
1	So I strategized sub optional adc kit that helps with 2 scaling tanks. The only problem is that you need to pick a champ that needs yommus ghostblade. But what I've noticed is that there are two champions that do this best which are graves and lucian because they are lane bullies. So I get ie , ghostblade then vamp. The vamp is necessary for early team fight life steal. Then I get lw. If I feel like I need to shred in team fights I go bork. If I need to 1v1 tank in fights I go bt. Your boots is dependant on when to get at different situations. Now that tanks in meta i get qss to help be active in team fights. I have plenty of armor pen with sub optimal life steal. The reason why graves and lucian do well is because the landing phase lead you can get can quickly get you to that point.
0	During spring my first year of college away from home, I couldn't catch my parents on the phone for a week. This was odd, because I called my mom at least once every couple of days.   When my mom picked me up to take me home at spring break, she said my dad had something he needed to talk to me about.   As it turns out, the week I couldn't get a hold of them it was because my dad was in the hospital. He had a heart attack Monday, ignored it and went to work. He felt like crap but he's too stubborn to go to the doctor. He had another heart attack that Wednesday, ignored it and went to work. My mom finally talked him into going to the hospital Thursday night.   My dad is 61 and is now taking about six prescription medications a day to help his body deal with the damage.
0	I actually worked for the Kirby company for a few months. I found that I am actually a decent salesman and was actually making between $500-$700 a week. Then they start throwing in these random stipulations that made it okay to then pay me like $5 or $10 after working my ass off easily over 60 hours a week. As well they had us doing really underhanded business tactics. Needless to say it went from "Wow! Not bad!" To "Fuck this underhanded immoral company!" I could go on and on about it but I'll cut it as short as possible.
1	SHRC last year played arguably the best league team ever at the time and this year SSW is also arguably the best team ever. OMG beat NJWS who as good as they looked at korean regionals were the 5th seed in Korea and barely qualified for regionals. Plus they didn't play nearly as well in worlds as they did in Worlds. All be OMG 3-0 against NJWS was impressive i think they get stomped just like SHRC. SSW Bot Lane and Jung would shit on OMG. While OMG solo lanes can potentially go even or win in lane.(looking at go going). SHRC solo lanes will probably get stomped with their jung and botlane going even/ winning. OMG and SHRC both have weaknesses that SSW can exploit greatly. So saying OMG would be a better matchup against SSW because they 3-0 NJWS is reaching a bit. SSW is on a whole mother level, they essentially have a player better at every role besides top compared to NJWS. i agree though korean win worlds again :).
0	I would have no problem with making such a sacrifice for my significant other, but I'd hope that she'd respect my lack of belief. I respect her belief and let her go to church, she respects my lack of belief and I stay home.   Also, a lot atheists are also anti-theist/anti-Christian. Church could have been a bad time, thus pushing them away from religion. That's why you might see a lot of hostility for Christianity in /r/atheism and other places. Not saying trauma or anything, but a lot more hatred than you might think.   Also, referencing what you said in a further down comment. Not all churches are the same. I have been to a large number of black (baptist/methodist) churches in my city and they all have the same things in common.     Speakers on maximum settings, enough to vibrate the room.   2 - 3 hours long. (Not including extras.)   Large choir that sings several times, contributing to length and speakers.   Unfriendly to newcomers or "fake," i.e. talk about you behind your back. Although this one might vary from church to church. Not constant like the others.
1	Did this in a ranked game once against a Trist solotop. Just farmed minions and didnt think much of dying. Was 0/4/0 midgame, getting raged at, but with a massive creepkill score. Get 1v4 by the enemy team, take down the squishy Tristana, Tristana kill the rest of them. We won on that switch.
1	But if you got told you were reported 4 times for verbal abuse, said nothing in all chat in the game, or post game chat and non of your team said to report you in all or post game chat you know it was your team mates and if you were that way inclined look at recently played and message them.
0	For what it's worth, I'm a lesbian who really doesn't enjoy lesbian porn at all. In the slightest. I exclusively watch hetero porn.  shrug  just want to add that data point... I'm sure you're discovering here that there are a ton of different orientations and things that turn everyone on. Best of luck to you.   Related not to this sub-post but to your topic overall- I'm not intersex, but I often fantasized about being a boy when I was younger. I now have a fairly androgynous haircut and body and sometimes pass as a boy when I'm out around town. It took me until my mid-20s to embrace my differences and actually be brave enough to gender swap myself in public (still I go to places where I won't know anyone when I'm dressed as a guy). The freedom has become exhilarating. But when I was a teenager it was frightening. I took great pains to wear lots of dresses and learn to put on makeup so that I would fit in and be "normal". But as I got older and met more people, I realized that "normal" was not all it was cracked up to be... and also what the hell was "normal" anyway?
1	it is not that hard to understand why you feel sometimes that this is "not just a game" even tho it is.   we now have evidence that humans even from like 20.000 years ago were worshipping something. meaning they already used symbolism. our whole language is symbolism. humans were always good at finding correlation between all parts of life.   what this means is we are very good at finding truths, and also very good at fooling ourselves and let our imagination run rampart and believe what we like.   hence you want to feel like gaming part of your life is not a waste, so you pair it meaning.  the truth is, life has no real meaning so gaming has none too. but if you think being happy as much as you can is YOUR meaning of life, then of course gaming and any other fun activity has meaning, since basically it is the point of your life. like gaming, laughing with friends, being with your SO etc.   so ultimately, this is just a game, and has no meaning. if you prioritize other fun activities, you won't care about it. but if for YOU, it is really fun then for you it is more than a game because it makes you happy, it becomes one of your key point in life.   people believe in the most kinds of weird things(due to confirmation bias) spiritualism, reincarnation, religions etc. deep down i think even they know these are not true. but it makes them very happy, and that is what matters. does the truth even matter if you dont hurt anybody with it, yet it makes you feel happy not knowing it?   i had a friend who was very depressed at a time, due to life issues we talked less and less. and i somehow found his blog years after we last spoke to eachother. he wrote there that he considered suicide for a time, then found god, found out he doesn't have to be perfect etc, he has to accept he is a weak human being and all he has to do is to be happy. now he has a girlfriend, soon married, surrounded by other religious friends and is happy. even if i could convince him that it is all a tale, i wouldn't do it since he is happy now, he will have happy children, so that's that.
1	The problem is his Ultimate being weak as hell. It doesn't do anything on its own.   WHAT? A  big aoe stun with huge range  that can also be used in many different ways like an  aoe zhonya  for your team (vs some karthus etc.), can even be used on your  turrets or baron/dragon  (delaying enemy objectives for your team to come can be big) or just as a  'teamfight reset' ,  cockblock vs a towerdive .   And you say it's 'weak as hell' and 'doesn't do anything on its own'?   If anything,  his ult is the strongest and the least balanced part of his kit , balanced mostly through his weak laning and his potential to screw up. Mid-late game Bard's ult can single-handedly carry games by catching someone from long range, running up with the team and wiping him/them out.   He might actually need some nerfs to his ult (probably range) and a bit of buffs to his other abilities/stats (I personally like him the way he is atm though).
1	In my opinion Seraph never got to play to his full potential because of how CLG plays their games. Seraph was always at a deficit from champ select, picking carry type champions in every role EXCEPT top lane.   Then it was usually CLG who would initiate a lane swap so doublelift/aphro was at the advantage while Seraph suffered the most.   I have been watching this guy in soloq through op.gg and I must say he's among he's really strong mechanically and decision making wise, but only if he's allowed to have a 1v1 lane and get ahead.   I appreciate the fact that in this meta top laners usually are deprived of getting ahead early due to all these lane swaps etc. but most teams accommodate and adjust their playstyle accordingly, CLG just seem to forget they have a top laner and just focus all their resources on getting doublelift/Link fed, which is fine as they are the carries but I think they overdo it.
1	I'm not Garyyyyy, but I was in the same boat as you last week.   I had been following the meta on Reddit for about half a year, and had recently hit 30 - but was reluctant to start on Ranked due to the horror stories about it found all over the Internet. After all, I only mained solo top and was a horrible jungler (despite having the runes for it) - they say you should never start Ranked until you know at least two roles.   However, a good friend of mine popped onto chat and started asking me if I wanted to play on a 5v5 ranked team in the near future. He said that the open positions were AP carry, AD carry, and support. I realized then that support might be great for me (I hate squishy champions). I bought a full support rune page, got my 16th champion, Janna, and started practicing in Customs.   Eventually I got tired of practicing, and against my better judgment, I jumped straight into Ranked. I called support, and went on to easily win that game.   I'm currently sitting at 5 wins and 1 loss in my placements, at a 1305 provisional Elo - all playing as support. Take what you will of that.
0	There's so much wrong with reddit and these posts and comments. Hopefully my comment won't get buried. This will be an unpopular opinion, but I'll try to speak my mind.     Life is about second chances.  I'm not condoning what Chris Brown did. I find it terrible that he hit Rihanna, but she's still alive and she has forgiven him. He may have bypassed jail time and harsher punishment as a celebrity, but he has done community service and probably paid fines. I don't agree with the light punishments, but he has done what was required of him. Perhaps he instantly regretted his actions. Perhaps not. If he  ever  did it again, I would throw him under the bus like a lot people here have. (Note, once again: I am not condoning his actions or the light punishment, but I am supporting the fact that he deserves a second chance).   Stop with the musical hate.  Reddit's hivemind mentality about hating people's music is dumb. You can dislike an artist's music, but it doesn't make it "bad" or "crappy." Everyone on reddit wants to be that hipster, so they throw popular music under the bus (and one commenter even said he is ashamed of his musical tastes. Why?), especially with Nickelback. Does many Nickelback songs sound similar? Yes. Are they bad? No. You can hate the voices, the sounds, the music, but don't hate the artist for doing what they enjoy and making music. For example, I personally dislike Justin Bieber's music, but I don't call his music "bad" or "crappy." It's simply something that does not appeal to me.   Stop saying people lack talent.  Some commenters said that Chris Brown lacks talent. This is often the same mentality that youtube commenters have on Justin Bieber, with their hate-filled posts about his lack of talent compared to their "real music." Both Chris Brown and Justin Bieber are very good singers and dancers, very talented in each aspect. I'm not saying that you have to like certain artist's music, but saying someone lacks talent or is "bad" just because you dislike them isn't right. (On the other hand, if they can't really sing and require autotune for everything, you can say they lack talent in singing :P)
1	I thoroughly disagree with the first half of your comment and its unfortunate its currently at the top. It grossly oversimplifies what most of the article is about and downplays the bigger issues that are discussed.   On to the article, the lawyer does refer to various sections of the contract being standard/common several times throughout the article and those sections, very clearly, have the shortest commentary. It could be summarized as "The author of the article notes the skewed nature of the contract toward Riot while also mentioning its fairly standard." There is literally next to no commentary outside of that except examples given in some sections like the limited liability. However, much of the article concerns very relevant matters to players/organizations alike such as:     name/likeness    promotional restrictions   lack of appeals process   forfeiting right to class action lawsuit       For those looking for a nice
1	There is nothing "Wrong" with WotA. If you're AP heavy, it's amazing. A long time ago, sustain was the Meta, which since has changed. Also, 80% of the current community plays SoloQ instead of ranked 5s, and WotA is a team item, not a "Carry" item. (It's an aura, I know that last statement was mainstream).
1	Shaco stabbed a reporter.   He skins his enemies   His poison is a poison that attacks the nerve system. He also makes people hallucinate, can dissapear from the world (he can travel through dimensions), he has boxes that shoot out energy, and he supposedly has MORE killing devices. He is uncatchable in the lore, and kills for fun. People are not even sure if he's a mercenary because he kills for fun.   You might think he's useless because of his build and weapons, but in reality, you can never think highly of Shaco, because the moment you would, the moment you are defeated, your throat is already slit and your eyeballs already out of their holes.
1	There's a reason for Dyrus to be up in the team for so much time already. First of all he is just one of those amazing pokerface players who tend not to tilt whatever happens and no matter how far behind their team is. Then it's his game awareness he god damn knows everything. Yet again as the OP said he always gets camped, ofcourse he'd get camped otherwise Dyrus will just snowball. Have you noticed how he has the lowest KDA ration in TSM yet he's the top gold earned player through the split? He manages to handle extremely tough top lane matchups, now imagine what'd be if he didn't get perma camped? In my personal opinion (being a long term TSM fanboy) it's Santorini who's the weakest link in their current roster. He is a great player and stuff but he's kinda always one step behind the enemy jungler. Most of the teams that beat TSM capitalize exactly on this.
0	Yeah I hated that. I worked at an afterschool program where my younger brother attended. He and one of his other friends would always ride home with me (because both their mothers are like "woot free ride."   Anywho, one day a mother was running late. I said that was fine, I will lock up and take them out to the playground until she gets here. When she showed up it was her daughter, my brother's friends, and my brother. She joked, "Other mom's running late too?"   I said no, I am taking them home. She just instantly looked mortified and started demanding they come with her. I tried to explain it was my brother but she kept saying ignore what he says come with her.   I had to call both of their mothers out there because she called 911. It was fucking ridiculous. The best part though is that, instead of apologizing, she pulled her daughter from our center.   Edit:
0	Your standards are realistic. Its better to go after people that are within your league and have a lot in common with you than to put in a ton of effort to get a trophy girl.   Not saying there's anything wrong with going after people who are really attractive, but you're both more likely to be happy if you're in the same league.   The reason is simple. Two people are dating - one is attractive and the other is average.   First imagine you're the average one. Fuck yeah, you won. You got the girl with the sweet face and the bangin' body... Now you get to try your hardest not to get insecure and territorial when you see attractive guys hit on her. You get to show her off to your friends, but you also have to deal with  her  friends and family giving you funny looks. You might be a happy, confident person, but sometimes looking at pictures of the two of you next to eachother gives you a twinge of insecurity meshed in with the feelings of pride and accomplishment. After time, you may come to harbor feelings of insecurity and suspicions that she may be cheating, even though you have no evidence. And you may find her withdrawing or pressuring you to improve your appearance after a time.   Now imagine you're the attractive one. You like the person you're with. He has a great personality and other compensating features, he just isn't the most handsome fellow around. After introducing him to friends and family, they tend to say things like  "Really? That's him? Honey, you could do so much better..."  You tell them to fuck off and you ignore them. Hot guys hit on you all the time and don't take you seriously when you point out your boyfriend and say "That's him." and often aren't deterred. After a while, you might start noticing his flaws more and you might start pressuring him to work on his appearance or feeling yourself becoming less attracted to him.   Don't get me wrong, it can work, but both parties have to be really emotionally mature and committed.
0	My GF had that habit is well. I talked it out with her at one point and it came down to this:   When you are fighting the mooks you look busier. So while it may be something you don't need to pay as much attention to or would happily pause, your controller or keyboard is being clicked and you are staring at the screen. You just look busier.   Then as the game transitions to the cut scene there is that lull where you are not doing anything (and personally this is when I would go to scratch an itch or light a smoke or just not look at the screen). So my GF would start talking, of course as soon as her first sentence is over the game has loaded and now there is Something Important ^^TM  going on.   So we talked, I told her about the calm before the storm and that the less interaction I am putting into the game the more exposition it is probably throwing at me. So now she talks during mook fights and looks for subtitles so she knows she isn't going to be fighting for my attention.   Problem solved, I don't miss cut scenes and she feels better about starting conversations during the times she used to be worried about.
1	I believe it's a violation of this:   "A. Intellectual Property. All rights and title in and to the Properties, and all content included therein (including, without limitation, user Accounts, computer code, titles, objects, artifacts, characters, character names, locations, location names, stories, story lines, dialog, catch phrases, artwork, graphics, structural or landscape designs, animations, sounds, musical compositions and recordings, Riot Points (defined below), audio-visual effects, character likenesses, and methods of operation) are owned by Riot Games or its licensors. The Properties, and all content therein are protected by United States and other international intellectual property laws. Riot Games and its licensors reserve all rights in connection with the Properties, including, without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works therefrom. You agree that you will not create any work of authorship based on the Properties except as expressly permitted by Riot Games. Additionally, except as otherwise set forth in this Section IV.A, Riot Games does not authorize you to make any use whatsoever of any Riot Games trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, taglines, and/or trade dress (collectively, the "Riot Games Marks") under any circumstances without a written license agreement. Any reproduction, redistribution, or modification of the Properties, or use of the Properties not in accordance with the EULA or this Agreement, is expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties."   But Riot is, indeed, wrong to punish you for it, as your summoner name was chosen BEFORE Ghostcrawler joined Riot. Your act was perfect in every way and should not be challenged by any norm that only became valid way after it (in this case, Ghostcrawler joining Riot and his name becoming part of Riot's intellectual property).
1	If I couldn't get beer 1 EUR a can, I'd still drink, but it would be things like 2 EUR beer cans.   Lets say, without 1 EUR beer, I bought 1000 cans of 2 EUR beer a year over the course of 3 years.   1000 cans a year @ 2 EUR each over 3 years = 6000 EUR!!!   1000 cans isn't even a lot in one year, some people probably double that.   Personally, I'm glad 1 EUR beer cans have saved me so much beer money!   Thank you God for cheap beer!!
0	Really interesting analysis on leaf blowers in Freakanomics. The usage of a leaf blower is a socially unsustainable activity. Unless you gather them up, you're only ever moving the problem somewhere else. The only reason they work is because not everyone is using them. If everyone (including city street clearing) used them, the leaves would just be constantly moved around, and no-ones yard would be clean.
1	There isn't really a viable option, otherwise I think Riot would have explored it.  Calling roles is annoying, but that is what will happen when people refuse to play certain roles.  Mechanically some people cannot jungle, for lack of runes or experience, and others just flat can't last hit as the ADC.   When I play, I like to call a role that I want to play.  If it becomes a crisis (say we have a whiny little brat who only plays top-lane because he thinks he's Dyrus or whatever), I will typically let him have it and play another role.  That only works though because I'm not raging about it and I can play every role comfortably.  For most people... that just isn't an option.
1	Whenever I watch TSM games I see chaox get caught of position and xpecial carry hard. I know your arguing about AD carry, but I think xpecial > Chauster simply, because i see xpecial do much more clutch moves then chauster. Also chausters blitz is god awful, and it may be because of this that i think chauster is worse.
0	Somewhere in the middle would work well. "Son, your grades are slipping. No more Nintendo. Bring them back up, and maybe you can have it back."   I never went through this, but I've seen friends... They didn't take the first week too well... After that, they realized they had responsibilities. It's a good method that I shall employ with my own children.   [
1	Which form of depression did he have whereby it prevented him from being able to tell right from wrong? What kind makes it so that he loses the ability to understand that hurting someone else is wrong?   are you actually serious? Emotions drive people and everyone reacts differently to everything, some people that are depressed will act completely irrational while others will not. He was 16, 16 and emotionally unstable and he did some irrational things and didn't find them wrong. When my ex left me last year, I was just as irrational as him and I did a lot of things that I shouldn't have. Does that mean I shouldn't ever play League of Legends again?   source: I have bipolar disorder   edit:
1	People love to say how shitty the players in lower leagues are   It comes from the fact that when you actually make it to the higher leagues yourself, you've improved from when you were in the lower leagues. And by improving, you probably don't do as many stupid mistakes any more. Then when you get to play/watch a game at the lower leagues, it just seems everyone there is bad because they make mistakes that seem so obvious and stupid to you or perform considerably worse at mechanical level. It's all about perspective. For example, for me it is unfathomable how someone could be stuck in bronze but that's just because I have played enough to learn to avoid the kind of mistakes that keep some people in bronze. I've been there and done the very same mistakes, the difference is that I've already learnt from them while the people "stuck" at bronze haven't yet done it.   Also, I've played and won several games against players from all leagues except for challenger and there have been people I could call terrible from all of them. It's also a matter of perspective. My mechanics are my weak point while my game sense is my strong point so I can completely outplay a higher ranked player on the mental level but if it doesn't work out he will stomp me to the ground because he is superior in terms of mechanics. The higher you go the more important the mental side of the game becomes. I might stomp a bronze game with just my mechanics but I wouldn't do the same at silver. Yet I can win against diamonds and plats by outsmarting them and playing in the way that puts less focus on mechanics.
1	An interesting perspective, and I agree with you. I see that the culture is behaving and growing as a bubble however. The marketing is towards potential gamers, and they market the tournaments towards existing players. Thus the direction that we are moving at the moment is to some degree working away from the goal of accepting e-sports. But not to all degree since for every new gamer, there is a new potential viewer. And there is still potential for growth.   Even though the feat of making e-sports so immensely popular is Riots doing, I do not believe that LoL is the correct game to take it a step further towards popping the bubble and get interest from outside public. Mostly due to the nature of the game, and its recipe for success. The constant changes are immensely hard to follow if you lack basic knowledge of the game. So I do not believe outwards marketing would be that effective, and could not gain any ground. I believe in a future game continuing the work with a potentially broader market of spectators, that can build on this and work towards way more acceptance.
1	I don't agree with your assessment. Friendly thrash talk is saying: "Yeah, we're gonna be too strong in lane and will totally kick team X' ass". Loco's thrash talk was about how fnatic was going to crash and burn because they're so bad all the teams were gonna walk all over them. And I actually think he partly meant it as a prediction. Saying a team is gonna "crash and burn" in a tournament isn't just saying that YOUR team is gonna kick their asses, it's saying ALL the teams are gonna kick their asses. And that's a bit past friendly thrash talk in my opinion.  edit:
0	So, for instance, if you quote directly from a reliable source about something in an active project, whoever has watchlisted it flashes the batsignal, calling other project members and tame admins, the properly cited direct quote from a reliable source will win over territorial meatpuppeting backed by admins in that project?  It won't then get taken to the dispute resolution noticeboard to be ignored for a few days before someone from the same project that was participating in the dispute purges the dispute from the dispute resolution noticeboard?  And when you bring all this up to admins the admins won't automatically assume that you're in the wrong, and, will confront you with actionable behavioral infractions and when you show them that what you were doing was saying "same to you" to the project members, what elicited a "you broke all these rules" to me, when admins find out that the instigator is in the "in crowd" suddenly breaking the rules gets a pass from the admins?
0	It's because most people realize moderation can reach the best results. Beating your kid with a belt? That's fucked up. Giving you kid a light spank (or threat of such) or a light arm grab to divert his attention? That's fine. It's not going to permanently scar you child for life. I was got sometimes spanked and sometimes slapped as a child, but I never turned into a violent abuser. Hell, most people don't.   Quite simply, you're being downvoted because of a combination between "that's how it has always been done, so it shall remain that way" and "moderation actually works as sometimes it is needed."   And this is coming from someone that doesn't hit his child. I make sure it doesn't get to that point as he respects me (as much as a 3.5 year old can.) But if he did something so stupid and conversation doesn't fix it or he won't stop doing said thing despite being told not to, a spanking would get his attention.
0	Marriage is one of those things where you are never prepared enough, or prepared as you can be; but there is a certain time that it is acceptable to try. I don't think anyone is really ready for their first time having sex for an example, and it is really different for everyone. I have heard all these different stories about people saying they did too early, or too late, but regardless of timing, it was in a way the right time for the person.   That being said, generally when it comes to these things, I think of it in not so much as prepared for the event, but the living with it afterwards. I remember when people always used to ask when they thought it was the right time, or not knowing if they are ready. I judge it based off of when you are no longer worried about doing it, and how you can manage to live with yourself if you did it. You are ready for marriage when you are not scared of the idea, the commitment, or the practice, but are scared about how you will perform to your own and other people's standards. If you love the person, are financially stable, and emotionally collected, but terrified about fucking it up, then you are ready to take the next step.   Love has little to do with it, but obviously in these cases it is a very important factor. You can be in love, and ready for the idea, but are not financially, emotionally, or structurally ready for marriage, kids, etc. The way you get ready is to enjoy being single, drinking, experimenting, and either getting it out of your system, or realizing that kind of life style is no longer for you.   For me, I have created a checklist of things, and girls I want to experience before I set out looking for the right one. If I commit to a girl, I don't want to wonder what it would be like to be with a X kind of girl, or do Y before I settle down. If this girl happens to fit one of these qualities, or I find her during these events, that is great. But I don't think I would commit myself to another person without being really sure about what I do want, and more importantly what I don't want.
1	Her jump targets your cursor, but it's not targeted in the "point and click" sense. If you jump to a marked target, said target can briefly turn to face you to make you jump a shorter distance, giving it (admittedly unwieldy) counterplay. As for swiping a marked target to refresh pounce's cooldown, until someone finds an efficient way to cancel swipe's animation, she can easily take damage/cc back.
0	In the music industry the recording budgets for making well-produced full-length albums have been continually slashed for the last ten years. Whatever you think of the songs themselves, Random Access Memories is an amazingly well engineered and produced album. It just sounds amazing. Engineers/mixers like myself are drooling over it, since there haven't been that many pristine albums to talk about lately.   Could go on, but
0	Because saying things like this makes me worried about what will happen when AI finally does arrive. If people truly think that artificial consciousness is impossible, with no evidence to support them, what will happen when it actually does appear? This mindset makes people biased against any potential AI.   I would hate for humanity to create AI just to enslave it under the pretense that it is not "really conscious" because it doesn't have "emotions", or "free will", or  a "soul".   Besides from not being falsifiable, assertions like these detract from people actually trying to study consciousness and emotions from an empirical mindset. Perhaps the reason we haven't created consciousness yet is because people like Butazzo say that we can't.
1	DON't PLAY RANKED YET. I am speaking as someone that went 3-10 and was placed bronze three. Yes, I was the kid that was actually better than what he placed. I wasted three months of climbing to gold because I didnt wait to really hone some of my skills and learn all positions before I rushed my 10 placements.
0	the mo is the same idea as the pink ribbon for breast cancer (raising awareness of the issue in the hope that more people in an at risk demographic get tested and hopefully catch it early), and the fund raising works more or less the same as shave for a cure... i'm not real sure what some people are missing here
1	At the end of the spring split, Wolves were on par with (and beat) both of them. EG also seemed to be recovering from their slump as well (a testament to the fact that they were able to send Wolves to relegation). Overall, I think the summer split is really going to bring out the best in the EU LCS and foster an environment that can compete at an international level.   I'm also interested to see how NA does as All-Stars seems to have opened some players' eyes a bit. Xpecial in particular seemed really interested in what the analyst brought to their team and seems like he wanted to take it back to TSM. I think given the diversity of their All-Star roster (composed of members from NA's 4 longest running teams), that knowledge is going improve the top contenders in their league. Though I do worry about the overall quality of the teams. The stronger all the teams are, the stronger all the teams become due to competition and, while I think NA has some very strong teams (TSM in particular), I think all their teams combined are the weakest region overall. Still, I look forward to NA's continued improvement and I think Cloud 9 and Velocity will force the bigger teams to step their game up over the summer.
0	Bro, when two bro's share a bromance, things can get confusing and murky. Embrace it, it might feel weird but two bro's cuddling is a natural part of life. After a few beers escalation is bound to happen. The best thing to remember is that its not gay, not that there would be anything wrong with that. It's just two bro's hanging out with their dicks touching. Nothing odd at all.   Does anyone want to play some GameCube? Just as a warning I play without my pants on.
0	I think it has a lot to do with group thought, and that you say you aren't on team vagina they think it somehow hurts the movement I honestly don't get why marginalized group from both genders MRAs and WRA argue on the internet, shouldn't they be working together to make a society a better place? I certainly don't feel comfortable in our society and feel intensely marginalized by it to the point where I can't have a anything close to a normal or happy life so how is my pain any less real?  its the happy people who don't question the network of our society, happy people aren't going to sit and think about the ways society oppresses them because it doesn't. I don't get how I can even offend feminists the one thing I desperately seek to do with my life is to make the world a better place for the people within it thats literally my only dream and I don't know how I can do it or even contribute to it. and, I don't even care if I would get credit for it, but I can't I"m just a broken person that doesn't fit in our society it seems. “From day one it was like society was this violent, complicated dance and everybody had taken lessons but me. Knocked to the floor again, climbing to my feet each time, bloody and humiliated. Always met with disapproving faces, waiting for me to leave so I'd stop fucking up the party.   The wanted to push me outside, where the freaks huddled in the cold. Out there with the misfits, the broken, the glazed-eye types who can only watch as the normals enjoy their shiny new cars and careers and marriages and vacations with the kids.   The freaks spend their lives shambling around, wondering how they got left out, mumbling about conspiracy theories and bigfoot sightings. Their encounters with the world are marked by awkward conversations and stifled laughter, hidden smirks and rolled eyes. And worst of all, pity.” -david wong. Edit:Thanks for reading at least self catharsis is useful at times it makes me feel much better. Sorry if i bothers you but it allows me to vent my emotions and release any tension within my mind.
1	I don't really feel Shyvana is in a bad place. Sure she's not 100% pick or ban in competitive as she was before but then again that can be said for like 75% of all the champions.
1	Fuck those people" wasn't directed at the designer of this theme. Find one post of mine where I specifically faulted the person who designed it. Spoiler alert - you can't.   My "fuck those people" comment was directed squarely at the moderators of this subreddit. The moderators who are relentlessly pushing something that the community doesn't want. The moderators that have  specifically said  they  will not  remove the theme. So let me say that again, just a bit more resoundingly -  fuck those fucking people . They don't give a shit about this community, they refuse to admit their own massive fault, and worst of all they're being as transparent about it as the reflective side of a double-sided mirror.   So, yeah. Fuck thoese people.   >But christ, could we, as a community, chill the hell out for a second and have at least a little decency towards what somebody worked and is going to continue working really hard on?   If someone performs a job, and does so unsatisfactorily, you don't sit around and pretend that it's amazing and that with a bit of tweaking it will be perfect. Maybe  you  do, but I don't. I'm not going to fucking pretend I like this abrasive, intrusive theme. Not for a second, and shame on you for implying that we all should. The person who designed this theme did a piss-poor job. I understand that you, as a designer, have a hard time seeing all the criticism lobbied toward the theme, but I, as a frequent user of this subreddit, do not. I spend hours a day here. I don't want it to be abrasive to use. Sorry if that upsets you, but I'm not going to stop criticizing something just because it upsets a few web designers.   >Could we stop upvoting more threads about this exact same topic?   No . Absolutely fucking  not . As long as the moderators continue to be obtuse and ignore criticism, and so long as they chose to not be transparent, they deserve  every ounce of criticism  they receive.
1	Guis, you think Aatrox and Janna are trollpicks   TIL some people think those picks are trollpicks.   > Trollpicks is something like picking Teemo/Urgot/GP.   Yeah that's what non-meta picks are, although Teemo is quite popular compared to the others.   > Trollpicks are champions like AD Veigar.   Not even all of the times. That would be a non-meta pick which most likely wouldn't work, but still. I've played adc ori too, and kill lanes like Rango/Panth botlane are also sometimes seen in yoloq.
1	Does not make a whole lot of sense since it says we won the first match. We have to play round 2 by the 15th of july, which I in my good intentions was trying to setup. However on the brackets it goes as far as round 4, which shouldn't have been played before the 20th.
1	I felt that one if the biggest reasons TSM lost was because they didn't have enough damage. The only damage they had were Turtle and Bjerg(which was behind). dig had 4/5 champs that did crazy amounts of damage.
1	I don't quite understand what are you trying to get at with this post.   Why is there an ignore option? So when your teammates get on your nerves so much you have to mute them.   I'm guessing you are mad because you got banned due to what you have said, and you feel the only reason you said anything to your team is because THEY are the ones trolling or at fault, and you had every right to.   Utter and complete bullshit.   No, I'm going to wager that when bot lane gives first blood you're the player who says "gg" in all. You're the player who tells that faggot teemo to uninstall after going 0/3 when he's laning against cait. When your score is negative, it's not your fault, it's your junglers, right? fukin solo queue noobs you always get stuck with shit.   You report the players who DC at the start of the match and can't make it back. You report for feeding when a person had a bad game. You don't help them with advice, you bitch and tell them they should know better.   Why is ignore there? Ignore is there when I have no other options.   I don't want to block your pings. I don't want to miss your MIAs. I want to know when you want to give me a buff or you want to take one. I want to know when we are good to get dragon or when to push. So I put up with the shit. But eventually it gets so bad that I can't take it.   No, you don't have the right to tell them to fucking stop. You're not better than them. And if you are better at this game than them, so what? Yeah, you'll have the most kills or the least deaths or you'll win your lane, but let me ask you this:   How many games have you won by bitching at your teammates.   I would tell you to delete this post because you'll just end up embarrassing yourself, but in all honestly I want you to keep it so the community knows who to avoid playing with.   You'll downvote me just like you have every other person on your forum post, and that's fine, they're just numbers, but in all honesty dude, you're  that  player.
0	I don't know about the Bronx, but i live in Brooklyn and when I moved into my new place, the supers son- a real douche- hit me up for 20 bucks he was short on. I obliged not wanting to start off on a bad foot with my neighbors. Kid said he'd put the money under my door. He never did, but in exchange he avoided me like the plague. After hearing multiple arguments with his mother the super and a Building mate saying he'd invited him to his place only to be magically robbed the next night( Xbox , laptop, tv) . Eventually the cops hauled him away not to be seen again.
1	The biggest thing for this, outside the "I don't want to lose LP argument," is the, "Why am I wasting 20 minutes," argument.   Well, really break this down now and the DOTA system doesn't actually help that at all.  I started MOBA's on the original DOTA, so when DOTA 2 started I tried it out, but found I liked LoL too much to fully switch back into DOTA.   What I DID find is that of the ~5 games I played, 3 of them had pre-5 minute leavers, 2 of which were consecutive occurrences.   The time "wasted" was not magically less than LoL.  ~5 minute queue time, ~5 minutes of champ select, Multiply this by about 3 for the abandoned champ selects, add in the ~5 minutes to load and abandon game, and recycle into a game in which I get to play.   So: 15 + 15 + 5 + 15 + 15 = 65 minutes to play a 5v5 game of DOTA 2.   To compare: ~.75 minutes for LoL, ~5 for champ select, dodging averages below 1 per queue for me so we will add ~50% to times here, ~20 to FF, recycle for 5v5 game.   So: 1 + 7.5 + 20 + 1 + 7.5 = ~37 minutes to play a full 5v5 of LoL, AND I still got to play for 20 minutes of that, even if at a disadvantage.
0	This doesn't relate to your main point, but addresses the "bro code." The usage of the "code" has evolved to encompass general social obligations hetero males have to each other and varies among different groups. One can spin many actions into the code, as it isn't strictly defined.   For example, if a friend tells a bro's SO about how the bro was bragging about cheating, it could violate the code on grounds of confidentiality. But that friend could counter with "cheating violates the code" or "getting me involved in your infidelity" as violations.
1	Overall:   Weakest member of TSM the whole season : TheOddOne and TSM got no one to take hes place.   Terrible ban/picks for TSM.   Balls is way better than Dyrus.   LemonNation is a god support.   TSM bot lane was shutdown.   Meteos is probably the best jungler in LCS   Bjergsen .... wtf are those picks ?<
1	she is a tanky bruiser. she can splitpush if needed (with hydra) or build to dive the enemy backline (botrk). depending on match up you can get away with rushing your offensive item if ahead but generally getting you sunfire (or situational visage) early is mostly foolproof. she sucks in the range department, ranged laners like elise or kennen/teemo should make her life hell in lane (elise kinda destroys her in lane). her strong points are lots of mixed damage (40%phys/60% magic iirc) that is hard to itemize against. I guess you can do q>e but e gives you that little bit of ranged aoe.
0	The idea that a "man attracted to teenagers" is so so bad is a thing that scared the ever-loving crap out of me as a  young  man.   When you're 22, you're a "man attracted to teenagers."  Not all of them, one would hope.  (13?  Ew.)  But 18 and 19 are certainly still fair game.  Right?  And maybe 17?  That's not that far off.  Even 16 still  looks  attractive when you're only 22.   This scared the crap out of me.  This would come out at times when "scumbag brain" was at work, like when I would be trying to sleep, of course.  The fear was that I was certainly still attracted to a group of women who were becoming increasingly taboo.  Was this going to be something I would have to resist forever? Was I going to have a moment of weakness and end up in some federal pound me in the ass prison?   So in those moments, I gained some understanding of what it must be like for people who are attracted to something/someone they can never have.  It must be utter hell.  "Sword of Damocles" indeed.   Fortunately for me, I have since become decidedly  not  attracted to teenagers in the first place, so my fears were unfounded.  I don't  hate  them, and they're still kinda cute and all.   But then they  talk .   I... I just can't.  Just no.  I need someone my age.  Seriously.   It's all moot, since my wife is my age and incredibly awesome.  But she and I were discussing wills and living trusts and all that "in case something happens" stuff and the inevitable question came up, "Would you find someone else?"  She made jokes about young buxom trophy wives and I just got the heebie jeebies.   I told her, "I wouldn't want to spend the rest of my life  alone , but I can tell you already that it won't be like  that ."
1	I am not sure that you have a coherent argument. Are you saying that because new champs have definite roles and combos, they are stale?   Unluckily for you, I play Dota 2 as well. Tusk is a melee initiator. As you know, his Snowball is a great, hard to avoid initiate-stun ability. You set it up with your Ice Shards so that the target is less able to run away. This sets up your Walrus Punch that gives your teammates time for them to attack the previously stunned target. Frozen Sigil is used to keep the target from escaping.  Are you saying this kind of hero design is bad, too?   What about Anti-Mage? Blink in, Mana Break auto attack for a while, ult for the kill then blink out. Because he has a combo, is that stale?   What about Skeleton King? He has just one active ability, and that is his stun. Is that out of place?
1	playing 3v3, i was kha zix. Darius ulted me and i just pressed the R button from panic. I didnt die! i became uninvisible and darius flashed to me. ulted me. I pressed R again and again nothing bad happened!   It looked so pro, but it was completely unintentional. without a doubt the coolest thing I ever did in league.
1	To explain this is Bischu he rose to 2700 elo playing Nidalee and Katarina exclusively, he hates this video. On his stream he mentioned he did an interview and it was so embarrassing. He attempted to show this vid multiple times, but he kept turning it off saying it was too embarrassing, and how his hair was a mess etc. So some fans that were watching hos stream found the vid linked it, and someone got the bright idea "SEND IT TO REDDIT!" That's why if you scroll all the way down the first comment is by Bischu saying "I hate my fans so much right now." And that's how we got where we are today.   Here are some of his guides if you are curious:
1	I'm honestly outraged by this.  Let the players play what they want.  Agreeing to an ARAM is not against any rules or regulations in the MLG nor is it stated by RIOT Staff.  This is absolutely ridiculous that they would be fined / punished for simply playing against the meta game.  I would have backed the punishment if there was some sort of collusion due to the prize money being split / allowing the team to win but that is obviously NOT what happened here.
0	I had a boyfriend, even though he said he was, wasn't the most respectful to every "adult" or "grown-up." When he visited and essentially met my parents for the first time, my mom found him rude. He really let me down by being very reclusive and un-engaged with having any sort of conversation with my mom or me. I even told him beforehand to be respectful. I guess if you have to tell someone beforehand to be respectful to your parents (despite the differences you have *edit: with your parent; from fights, etc), then they're not right for you.
0	Fancy graphical covers are a recent phenomenon. Typically, it's still merely the dust cover that has all the graphics and quotes. The actual bound hardcover book is still a drab affair, hardly an opportunity to properly represent all that is contained within.   In fact, even the glitzy dustcovers cannot be trusted, as the are almost always controlled by the publisher, not the author. This makes the old cliche even more true, today. Oh, best seller, greatest novel ever? Yeah right, never judge a book...   So the covers of books are designed to sell books, not accurately represent them, if there is a conflict. Eteeen the two. If not, bookcovers fell into conformity, designed to look good on the shelf, fitting in well among all the rest, like the wall of a lawyers office.
1	There is nothing more convincing that a well formulated post, full of sophisticated examples, allusions and witty language. Riot will instantly support your demand. Way to go, young chap!
1	Edit:  motherFUCKER... I based this all on what a fake maplestreet said...     I feel like at BEST this was a barely even swap and (most likely) at worst a complete disaster of a swap.   Lets break this down a bit to really analyze just what TSM lost and gained with this swap.   XSpecial:     Mechanically good   Has a LOT of experience playing in the professional scene   Was already working with the "same" team for a couple of years   Perhaps had negative attitude?   Bad work ethic     GleeGlarbu:     Decent mechanics   Good theorycrafting & ideas (expect to come out ahead of even in pic/ban phases)   Strong work ethic   Perhaps has a more positive attitude     So TSM loses out experience, mechanics, and comfort for good theorycrafting and strong work ethic (and perhaps better team morale).   Experience, is gained over time and is INVALUABLE in games that matter (finals of worlds, splits, etc.) Match-day jitters can cause some SERIOUS problems and is the reason why many amateur teams fail to dethrone more experienced ones even though they looked so strong getting there. League of legends, being a team game, could make this a bit better but the sheer size of the audience that will be at some of these future matches has me worried but GleeGlarbu's performance.   On that note, theorycraft will most definitely help out in the pick and ban phases where each team has plenty of time to think but I feel that inexperience will again hinder proper execution during games. The lack of familiarity with the team, experience playing big matches, as well as his position of being the new member in the team will make any sort of shot-calling by GleeGlarbu to be most likely hesitant and, perhaps, down-right awful.   Mechanics... ah, mechanics... There once was a pro called July in Starcraft (both BW and SC2) who was a GOD as zerg. He was considered among one of the best Zergs to ever grace the scene. The reason he was picked up initially was because he had "fast hands". It wasn't because he played smart or had crazy in-game sense; it was because he had ridiculously high APM (actions per minute). Why was this? It's because everything about the game could be learned and improved upon but mechanics were limited by just how fast and how accurately you could click with that mouse. With that bit of history, it is a HUGE loss for TSM to trade away a mechanically good player who matters so much when it comes to initiations and disengagements. The only saving grace is that Starcraft is a 1v1 game whereas LoL is a team-game so you are able to make up for the shortcomings of one by supplementing with others. The problem with this is that there is a clear skill cap that TSM WILL hit. A team that is just like TSM in every other way but has a support who is better mechanically WILL be able to out-scale them eventually.   But this is a team game and I suppose teamwork and positive morale does go a long way. Not to mention that there was no guarantee that Xpecial would have been willing to put in the time to learn the game better.
1	Worst thing you can do is to take any of that to heart. It's okay to lose. They may be making huge mistakes and having other players in that position might have been better. Unfortunately, though, it doesn't matter what could have been, would have been, or should have been. It doesn't even matter what's already happened. Games are won and lost by the adjustment of a team far more than the successes or failures of a single person.   Do not get baited into an argument. If they are blaming you or a teammate, then it is pretty much impossible for you to change their minds. People hate the idea that they are making mistakes. In our society, making mistakes is seen as a bad thing. If what you're doing is bad, then you must be bad. Nobody likes being bad. Instead, they will look for ways to push blame onto anyone else. Let them. Their blame doesn't suddenly make you bad.   Try to remember that these frustrations are, more often than not, just a way to shield themselves from scorn. Not necessarily yours, but their own. It's why they will rage in all chat. A wider forum for their behavior, the better chance of having just one person agree with them. People afraid to admit their failures typically seek affirmation. However, because they refuse to accept fault, they will disregard the validity of anything else that is said. This is what makes the "all chat rage" a win-win for them.   Instead of taking the bait and descending into the team-destroying arguments... cover your weaknesses. To cover it, you first need to identify it. Once you've identified your weakness, you need to identify your strengths. It is very important you find your weakness first. It will put your strengths in better perspective. Only when you've done both can you learn how to cover your weakness. Allow me to explain.   Say your top lane is having a rough game. Behind in farm by a hefty sum and lowest level in the game.  "There's your weakness!"  NO!  That is the symptom. If you're coughing and sneezing, snot-faced and water-eyed... you have a cold. The cold is the problem. Taking cough drops can help the hacking and wheezing, but it doesn't cure the cold.  Why  is your top lane feeding? "The enemy is better?" Yes but  what makes them better ? Ward coverage solid? Map awareness to even make use of the wards? Last hit ability? Lane positioning? Champion matchup?   Once you isolate the problem(s), you need to assess your strengths. Is your ward coverage terrific? Got that one teammate (who everyone should strive to be) that knows precisely when the timers are up on every buff and objective? What's your composition like... good amount of poke or sustain? Heavy initiate? Good disengage? Easy peeling? Siege? Play to that composition. Have the discipline to know when to fight and when to run. Designate one team member as a shot-caller. Preferably that really smart, globally aware player. Don't have one of those? ... Why are you playing ranked without that skill?   Now that you know your strengths and weaknesses, you should see a very clear way to win. A bad lane phase is not a sentence to lose the game. All it means is that your team needs to put on their big boy/girl pants and  solve  your problems rather than give up and perpetuate them.
0	Update: I went halfsies with a girl and we made $200 on video poker at the bar.  So $100 accounted for.   Update 2: Learned that my friend who drove got lucky last night; we had a full car going in last night and with the extra body we picked up I volunteered to stay behind and wait for a cab while they went ahead.  That left me alone at the bar.  Now, I know the bartender sorta well so I sent her a friend request,  whether or not she accepts it I'm still gonna message her  and find out if she saw anything.   Update 3: [Found the source of $100 number 2!]( Not that exciting I know but I still have yet to hear from the bartender and one more bill to go.   Update 4: Mystery solved.  As many have guessed it involves gambling, sorta.  So after leaving the bar and either before or after going to the diner I went to one of the casinos I used to work at.  I know this because a pit boss I used to work with just called and told me this story.  He looks up and sees me stumbling over to one of his Baccarat tables. Now, I've dealt to many of these players before and know them quite well.  One of my regulars looks up and asks me who I like on the next hand.  I squint at the board and say "banka" in a horrible asian accent.  Banker wins and they all look back at me to see what I think is next, "Banka!!!"  Banker wins again, a couple people give me some $5 checques.  I say "banka" again and at this point these guys have been pressing their bets for three hands now and a couple of them are betting over a thousand dollars on banker.  Banker hits!!! Now everyone's really excited at the run, more players hand me checques a couple give $25's.  All of the players are now turned around and staring as I "contemplate" the board.  My friend the Pit says at this point I raise both hands up in the air and yell "BANKA!!!!!!!"  Player wins, natural 9.  He tells me I didn't even react, everyone loses and I walk away with the checques that will soon become the third hundred dollar bill plus a couple of fives.
1	We had a troll in our team, same as in enemy team. We had AP Amumu, he just farmed for 50 minutes and did nothing, they had Revive Karthus and g/10 items stacking Pantheon.   We were pretty much losing, but this Amumu. used his ult at 50 min. mark (for 1st time in that game!), it did epic damage, and we won due to him. And he was on a 3 games in a row winstreak w/ AP Amumu.
0	Basically the Paleo diet is based upon what our ancestors diet in the Paleolithic period consumed(mostly meats veggies and fatty foods, and abstaining from grains).  The principle is that evolution of our digestive system and knowing what our bodies are meant to consume can help lead a healthier life often with many people attaining a healthy weight and body.  So the diet is based on evolution and that's the humorous part of this was her lack of understanding the principles. [r/paleo]( to learn about it more.
0	Okay but what exactly set, say, Iraq apart from Syria or Darfur, other than misinformation about WMDs and ties to the Taliban?   Simply put, there was enough political will for an intervention. I do not, nor ever did, agree with the intervention if that is what you're getting at though.   >We have to be honest here, these kinds of operations are less about human rights and more about politics and gain, otherwise we would have done something about North Korea by now.   I think they're generally far more complex and nuanced than you're alleging. I think the Iraq war was in part an attempt to bring down the regime of a truly, truly, truly horrific dictator who gassed his own people. I think it was also a long term plan since the 90s by neocons who wanted to stabilize the middle east and therefore oil prices (while lining their pockets in the process).   I think North Korean people need outside military intervention because they live in a tyrannical failed state. I also think any intervention would undoubtedly be portrayed as a geo-political ploy by some, regardless of the human rights element. I also think that it would line the pockets of th military industrial complex just as Iraq did.   See what I'm getting at? These interventions seem really necessary and great before any boots are put on the ground. But when they are, and people start dying, and people start to profit, and people point fingers, nearly any intervention will look like another Iraq to at least some people.
1	Was doing some theorycrafting earlier, and with 600 AP + Liandry's + DFG, Malzahar can 100-0 practically anyone in the 2.5 seconds of his ult, including tanks.   >With 600 AP, just his QER does 2910 damage   >If you add Liandry's that's another 4% current health per second, say over 2.5 sec (ult duration) 10% current health W does another 35% max health over 2.5 secs   >If you have one double buffed (bonus AD and attack speed) pet and one single buffed (bonus AD) pet, that's another 960 damage in 2.5 secs   >So in 2.5 secs Malzahar can do 3870 damage + 10% current health + 35% max health with 600 AP + Liandry's   >With DFG that would be 3492 from QER, 960 from pets, 15% max health from DFG, 12% current health from Liandry's and 42% from his W   By those calculations above, he can burst a 5000 HP target for 7600 damage in 2.5 seconds. On a 10000 HP target it is 10750 damage, and on a 12k health target he can do 12010 damage.   While this is never going to happen (no one has 0 MR and 0 armour, and 10k health is impossible etc.) I just find it interesting how absurdly hard Malzahar can potentially burst. All these calculations were done only over 2.5 seconds, but his E over its full duration. If you gave him the full duration of his W, he'd do considerably more: with just 600 AP his W alone does 70% of a target's max health over 5 seconds.
0	However ethics and science go hand in hand, through short a term evolution. Going to be up front and say this is a hypothesis still but it makes sense.   Bear with me   Ethics are a result of a certain brain wiring(genetic nature) supplemented with nurture from surrounding environment.   Throughout human history, especially in early civilizations, honest "good" men were more likely to be used, framed and killed, then cunning a deceitful men. Also cunning women were more likely to attract a mate than good natured ones, once women stopped being "owned" that is. So the genetic trait of bad ethics was more likely to be passed down than that of good ethics.   There are plenty of variables I'm leaving out, and a lot more evidence i.e. dishonorable people in japan were despised by the world and not likely to reproduce, and the japanese still collectively hold honor in high regard today.   However this is a good summary of it.   EDIT:
0	As a sailor let me explain. I've been to many races where they've canceled/delayed because of how much wind because when there's too much wind you're basically leaning out so much you have your head in the water the entire time, or you capsize.   At the Junior Olympics race on the Puget Sound it was around 25-30 knots. I turtled before a race and ended up spending 5 minutes trying to right it (the waves and wind kept pushin me over), I ended up getting a coach to help me. I came in 10th to last.   One thing to note which is off topic, is that everyone trains in different winds, and that low wind sailing and high wind sailing are two different things. I was lucky to have a US champion coach who taught us how to sail in all winds, so this wasn't a problem; but in low wind races I've seen people quit because they didnt know how to sail I'm slow winds.   Edit: I sail Laser Radials if anyone's interested.
0	For the lazy:   9 “‘Of all the creatures living in the water of the seas and the streams you may eat any that have fins and scales. 10 But all creatures in the seas or streams that do not have fins and scales—whether among all the swarming things or among all the other living creatures in the water—you are to regard as unclean. 11 And since you are to regard them as unclean, you must not eat their meat; you must regard their carcasses as unclean. 12 Anything living in the water that does not have fins and scales is to be regarded as unclean by you.
1	I have to agree, I was in Silver 1 for whole season, almost gave up cuz I kept on failing my promos, needed 100 games to get to gold 5 when I finally make it I went into winstreak through whole gold, once in gold 1 I lost 2-3 games and then again got to promos, was 2/0 in first promos and sucked the next 3 games -.-", won 2 and got back intro promos made'em and then again win streak in platinum( 1st. game in plat was a loose but stillm 15 games later I got promoted to plat 2   So.. 100games to get out of silver (got my MMR pretty high) 44 games glide through gold to plat and 16 games to get to plat 2.
1	On the one hand, this is true.   On the other hand though, there are other items that make the other jungle items scale into late game:   Magus: It gets stronger with CDR (you can use your AP-based skills more often), Deathcap, maybe Luden's. All those multiply the use of the AP. Also when the game goes on, the user also gets (a bit) tankier and can potentially use another rotation of his (burst)combo.   Warrior: scales with AS, potentially CDR (depending on champ), ArmorPen and with some champs even with CritChance.   Devourer: scales into late completely by itself, also scales with AS, MPen, AD(+crit).   HP: scales with resistances, but in drawn out fights because your enemies got Lifesteal or CDR on an escape to avoid you (assassins), your HP will just go down, where their damage will come and come and come. HP just falls off later compared to offensive stats.   That's why I think, that giving a tank item a multiplicator to tank stats (HP in this case: Warmogs reg doesn't help much in combat but only really against poke) is absolutely fine. It might be better on another (non-smite-reliant) item, but as long as it isn't on another item, I think it is good that we have it on Cinderhulk.
1	If you are freezing the wave you are forcing your opponent to lasthit with abilities a lot of the time. Melee's absolutely have to use their abilites to lasthit. This makes it really tough for your opponent to not hit multiple minions and or do more dmg to the wave than you do.   Even if you only hit 1 minion with an ability when trying to cs while the enemy is freezing it's really likely you are actualy pushing. Why? Because almost all abilites have a projectile with a travel time (or some sort of AOE). It can be quite hard to time your ability in such a way that you are lasthitting the creep at the last possible second. Because you are already desperate for every cs you can get (and because it's a pain in the ass to time and aim your abilities just right) people will not risk losing cs and cast abilites on a half health creep, further extending the freeze.   Basicaly you apply a lot of pressure by freezing. Only way for your opponent to relief that pressure himself is by being patient and accepting that he's gonna miss cs. Bodyblocking an approaching wave might also pull the wave.
1	Im thinking they wanted her to jungle.  Remember she came out during the farm fest days of jungle in season 2 and she has a great farm jungle oriented kit.  Her shield allows her really to never worry about hp after the first clear and she is then only mana gated which blue solves.  The biggest problem they have is the shield scales on ap.  So people realized well if I have 600 ap I get a massive shield times 2.  Then they say well since im now building ap holy crap my ratios on q and r are pretty darn good to and oh my passive also has a decent ratio and assassin diana is born.  She became akali 2.0 with a decent pre 6 laning phase and post 6 she became one of the most dangerous champs to lane vs.
1	and don't you have the ability to be just as good a player yourself?"  That's relative, if you have good reaction speeds and have a solid base of knowledge about the game, you'll no doubt be a very good player.   But not everyone has these perks, the average player might only ever get up to plat and never climb higher even with years of playing.  It's like saying "I'll be the next Roger Federer, Messi, or whatever famous sports professional, if I practice enough."  No matter how much time you dedicate to something you'll always reach a point where you just can't improve anymore.  Pro players put the time into their trade and they show it to the community through their plays, we're amateurs who want to get better at a game so we look up to pro players to show us how to do something efficiently.
1	In all honesty, you should of jumped into normal games at level 7 or 8. You won't really learn what to avoid playing strictly bot games, and with bot games I find people hit a groove where they stop improving. As far as I'm concerned after you play some normals you should never die to bots unless you really misplay.   So,
0	Studying" art != art.   Yes. We should all learn how to build robots. You can still create art. In fact, robots are a form of art themselves, so is Kraftwerk, so what's your point?   I guess this subreddit is full of butthurt art students.   Well... it's /r/AdviceAnimals after all and the creation of these memes is exactly what the majority of art students will amount to in their life other than working at Starbucks.   But hey, don't get demotivated. It's just that people studying science can also create art AND have a real job.
0	This is guaranteed to be buried since its five hours old now but it reminds me of a story my law teacher told me when i was in school.   My law teacher was a practising barrister, and used to tell us about cases he was dealing with / had dealt with in the past.   In one case the police came to give a man an interview, he was not under arrest so they didn't take him to the station, instead they asked him a few questions in his living room, throughout the process the guy being interviewed started being aggressive and told the police to fuck off, they asked him not to but he repeatedly swore at them, calling them names and generally taking the piss and swearing.   At this point they went to arrest him under the public order act, really only a slap on the wrist for being a dick, at that point he punched the policeman, the police responded with force, chased him half way around his house, landing up in the kitchen. the guy grabbed a knife and fatally stabbed one of the officers.   Defence was that the guy was being arrested under the public order act, since they were not in public they were in the guys home, that act didn't apply, making it a false arrest, since it isn't a crime to resist false arrest the guy responding with force wasn't illegal. This meant when the police tried to tackle him they became trespassers, and it would have been a battery. Stabbing one was seen as a reasonable measure of force, the judge wouldn't even hear the case.
1	For streams (Again, referring to non-major events) I think they should be removed.  It makes much more sense to use /r/LOLStreams) so not to clutter up this subreddit.   As it stands, the majority of the Streaming pages (In my opinion) just take up space where something more important could go.  The well-known Twitch streamers still will most likely get the viewers even without those posts because of the in-site Follow feature on Twitch and word of mouth.   If it requires a person to get onto Reddit to see another person is streaming, then watch them, then they probably didn't care that much to watch them in the first place (As they didn't follow from before).  I realize that it's not always easy to follow multiple subreddits, but in my opinion, this subreddit should be mostly written posts videos from games and not about advertising.   If somebody wonders how new people would find streams, as I stated before, word of mouth is a powerful tool.  If you watch a stream and like it, tell your friends about it.  Even though some streams make it to the front page, they rarely have the viewership that I personally feel should be a prior requirement to 'deserve' it.  (This is either the fault of the viewers for not distributing it to friends or that the streamer quality isn't as quality-based as other streams)   As for the major events (Since I stated they should be allowed to be posted on the main subreddit), I'd say it'd make the most sense to have a single pre-determined person create the thread in order to remove spam.  This would (hopefully) remove duplicate threads to some degree and would lessen some work for the moderators.  (I assume you remove duplicates, but if not, it doesn't really matter to the overall point.)
0	Ok so i might have exaggerated the 60kg lifts. Theyre all machine lifts on their own but we have product like gun safes that need two or more ppl to lift. We have a system that gives you a specific time for weights, distance, shift length etc. All based on safe weight limits and working procedures. If they cant hit 100% theyre an obese mess or lazy as fuck.
1	Yes, I thought that was obvious... "I see what you did there" refers to something that is hidden and hard to realize. These kinds of messages can be found in nearly every thread here in r/lol. Wheres the hidden thing? It's like someone spoke in L33tspeak and the next one goes "I see what you did there (used numbers as letters)"
1	From Riot's perspective, the problem with balancing Kha is the sheer versatility of the champion. At the base level, he is an assassin - one that can do well mid, top, and in the jungle. Very few champions can claim to be good in all three roles. Add on top of that the choice of getting different evolutions and building different stats based on play style and he's a champion unlike any other. Sure there's other assassins that can fill various lanes on the team (like Riven) but the difference with these champions is that they have a very defined playstyle, whereas Kha can build tank and evolve his ult and still function pretty decently as an assassin - type champion but really it's not his focus anymore.   What Riot really needs to figure out is how to incorporate Kha's different playstyles into one coherent champion. His uniqueness lies in his ability to adapt so their ultimate goal is to make a champion that can adapt better than any other in the game.   The way I see it, there's four roles he can adapt into and he can pick three. They are: assassin, poke, resets, utility (his evolutions obviously).   To really define how each person will play Kha, I recommend that players pick a primary role at lvl 6 and secondary/tertiary role at 11 and 16. Let's face it, most people will either want a damage Kha or a tank Kha. The way to do this would be to make his first evolution stronger than the following. Allow him to evolve Q and he have large single target burst. If summoner decide to go poke and resets for 2nd and 3rd evolutions for a full damage Kha, make the second and third a weaker evolution than the first. If summoners decide on utility and tank, let them evolve R first for a stronger evolution. They can then choose what weaker secondary roles they would like.   This allows for Kha to have choices in his builds but at the same time stops him for fully excelling at 3 of his 4 roles. This way, he can't just leap in, deal massive single target damage,  activate his ult and tank large damage, then leap out or on another target. Rather the new Kha may possibly wait with his first evolve Q and second/third w and e on the edges of the fray for a low health priority target. In the meantime, he can poke with spikes that don't just wreck a third of the carry's health. He can then leap in with a low damage reset capable ability, and Q for large amounts of damage. In this way, rather than being a champion with master burst, poke, and leaping for tons of damage; Kha can utilize tons of q damage and small amounts of poke and leap damage to success.   Ex evos (feel free to critisize): Q: 1st evo: missing health, isolation, massive damage. 2nd: isolation, massive damage 3rd: massive damage W:  1st: large damage poke, multiple shots, slow. 2nd: large damage, slow. 3rd: large damage. E: 1st: leap further, resets, possible slow(? ) 2nd: leap further, resets 3rd: resets R: 1st: extended stealth, 3 stealths, damage reduction 2nd: extended stealth, 3 stealths 3rd: extended stealth
0	I had a stint in unemployment a while back.  The challenge I faced was that I basically ran out of things to do.  40 hrs a week of job hunting is something you can do for 2-3 weeks.  But if you're in a specialized industry you'll run out if opportunities really quickly.  Then you just fall into maintenance mode where you only have maybe 15-20 hours of work doing the networking and monitoring job boards.  Some reading and professional development is important to keep yourself current.  But there's only so much you can do to fill your time.
0	The last time I ate Sonic, I found the legs of a spider in my empty tots box when I finished.  Not a  whole  spider mind you, just the legs.  I could not locate the body of the spider.  I can only presume I unwittingly ate it.  Interestingly, the legs were still held together by whatever it is that holds them to the spider. It was like someone lifted the body off of a tiny little truck, leaving the frame, if the tiny truck was actually a spider.
0	It is still literally taking their work. Playing "Enter Sandman" by Metallica and then playing the same song by the Scott Davis, it's obvious that they have different sounds and provoke different feelings. To get the sheet music and play it yourself is the equivalent of building your own ferrari, because you are responsible for any flaws in the design and differences that literally cannot be duplicated (in this example, Hetfield's voice). When the technology exists to make multiple copies of anything with no cost and they still sell it at the original cost, tough shit. Buy it or don't, and remain an honest person. But take a look at the people involved in the transaction of downloading: The artist worked and didn't get your money; you didn't work and got his music. It's not a matter of whether the product you took was "worth" the price they asked, or if you did or didn't hurt their pocketbooks by downloading instead of buying. It's the fact that you didn't buy what was for sale.
0	Some alarm on my iPod went off in the middle of class recently. I must have set it with my face while I was asleep or something, because it was set for 11:42am and had never gone off before. I let it go off for 30+ seconds before I realized it was mine. I hope everyone in class forgave me... If you're exaggerating with the 3 minutes part, maybe that's what happened to this guy.
0	Because straight, white people have so much shit they have to wade through, right? Like their families disowning them because they came out as straight, or all the black people looking at you funny when you walk down the street in a nice neighborhood. And isn't it time we had a straight president? Hell, straight people can't even get married in some states. And we're all sick of all the white stereotyping that goes on. Won't somebody please think of the straight white people?
1	There's a difference between hiding the files and hiding the content. What extra content do you unlock with PFE? Nothing, you unlock a different skin that's completely optional and doesn't change how the game plays in any way, it just looks cooler. That is a bit of a difference between having an OP champ on the disc that you need to pay to unlock, RP only. Or having a new map come out that's RP only. That is what he is trying to make. You are rushing to decisions before reading the entire post. You are completely wrong in what you said because you only read the first part of his post, not the entirety. That, or you didn't full comprehend what he said.
1	Chat is just a basic XMPP chat system, so you can connect to it with most IM clients (like Pidgin). The information displayed is received by parsing the connected account's XML-formatted status. Connecting with an external client and editing the status XML, you can change the information displayed.
1	Thing is, I think piglet wouldve been better if he was still in korea, as long as he doesnt speak english Ill give the edge to sneaky for now, I do think piglet and xpecial will be the first to dethrone rush hour as strongest laning bot duo, also I dont really like the world champion argument, by that logic bebe and Lamia should be top level aswell, piglet was still top 4 in KR tho last split.
1	That's nothing to do with there being a projectile or anything. That's the fact that an animation has started, and at THIS point in the animation, you take damage. It doesn't matter if you move away once the animation has started, a similar effect can be found with Fizz and Jax's Qs. The things that will stop the damage is actually stopping the animation before the damage would be applied, for instance by using an interrupt or killing them, thereby stopping the animation and causing it to not reach the point in it where it deals damage.
1	I, personally, try to simply cut out everything negativce I have to say to my teammates (soloq) and say it out. Everything positive, like scoring firstblood, securing a dragon via smitesteal etc. comes to the chat to keep up morale.   Besides that I try to completely ignore the chat if its not necessary for the game like strategy or smalltalk before the minions spawn.
1	Are you just arguing for the sake of argument? or do you really not see why this person deserves a ban, or at the very least, to be reported? No one said he deserves jail time or a $10,000 fine. He said he deserves to be suspended or banned from a game that he treats like a punching bag. If you just feel like pointing out the other side, sure, go ahead, but most will disagree with you, since behavior like that Nasus' ruins the fun for everyone. If you actually think that behavior doesn't deserve some kind of punishment, then you, sir, are what is wrong with this game, why every time decent people go into a queue with as few as 4 people, they are met with nothing but idiocy, and have to wade through a near-hour of this kind of trash.
0	I already see the standard "reddit is not homogenous, everyone is different" response to the this. When he talks about the hive mind he is talking about the predominant opinions that show up the most often, not the outliers who disagree. You're not telling anyone anything they don't already fully understand when you say reddit is full of different people with different opinions... everyone already knows that.
1	This is a common problem, which is only solved my more jungling :P   Lee sin as a character is a little tricky compared to some others when doing ganks, there's so much in his kit it can be tricky to pick whats best. As far as when to gank etc, remember you will /always/ need to farm your jungle. If bot asks for help, do a wraiths/golems clear first if you have time, and if you know the lane won't pendulum back.   Also, if you see the jungler suddenly appear top, and you have the opportunity, go for a gank bottom (or maybe mid). This is normally your best chance at getting the bottom tower/dragon and taking control of the game.   In general, remember you're Lee Sin (The Blind Monk), and you can scare people by just running into their lane. If you're going past mid to your top/bottom jungle, run in, try and get a Q off, if you hit, Q again, maybe and E and a few auto attacks, generally make them mess themselves. 9 times out of 10 you can get 1/2 summoners blown on you, meaning you can go back and do it again.
1	As someone in bronze 5, this idea would be heaven for me for exactly this reason. I understand why people think there is no elo hell but my luck is terrible and half the games I lose, I lose because someone feeds and then afks or I get someone fed and then THEY afk. Being able to get an alias and redo my placement matches playing one of my mains, I am confident I could get placed higher and very likely have less of the bronze 5 rage quits that hold me back. Bronze 4-5 is the hardest to get out of because of the people that are in it...
1	MLG has been doing an amazing job running it's tournaments since Columbus in 2011. In regards to stream issues and other issues they have had, those issues were pretty much non existent since Columbus which was 4 MLGs ago not counting this one. Since Columbus they have also been improving in many different ways one tournament at a time.   SC2 is a big part of why MLG is where they are at now, because the community helped shape it better and better through player and community input. The last LOL tournament at MLG was completely riot's fault for not having the spectator mode working. So far though this MLG has been great for LOL and I hope that it'll grow into one of the most respectable tournaments for the community like it is for SC2.   MLG is still testing the waters with LOL since the first tournament was an absolute disaster on Riot's part, they weren't fully convinced yet that it has the potential to be an MLG title. However, I'm sure this weekend's tournament will change that perspective around and starting in 2012 we can start to expect seeing more teams from all around the world showing up, for a more interesting bracket and experience overall.
1	Imo, it's just the bundled nature that's awkward. Spending 200 RP on a single Chroma  feels  like not much, it is not even a 520 skin at sale. Having to spend 590RP on three chromas on the other hand  feels  like a huge waste considering you probably won't ever use 2/3 of those Chromas. Especially considering you could buy a 975 skin on sale instead.   Chromas for skins should be purchasable with IP or a severely lowered RP price though. Having to spend money two times sucks a tiny bit and already upsets redditors.
0	actually, as proteins coagulate (cook) they squeeze out water in the meat so the more well done it is, the drier it is.  however, those parts of the bird that are submerged in broth will suck in water as osmosis attempts to balance the saline concentrations. additionally, the more connective tissue in the meat, the better it responds to long, wet, low-heat cooking, "tenderizing" and "moisturizing" the meat.   source: im a chef
1	Thanks for the nice words!   For the first part of your question: I believe that getting rid of the Institute of War is good in the long run. It separates the church and state, so to speak, preventing contradictions between how champions behave in the lore and how they do on the Rift. For example: Kayle wanted to   > [bring her own brand of justice to the League of Legends.](   Yet summoners   > [representing a particular political allegiance would each call forth a champion](   How can she create her own brand of justice when a summoner from Noxus could summon her to defend their decision to, I don't know, eat puppies?   If you want a lore direction that fixes this issue, try out the very nifty [league factions]( As for me, not having the Insitute of War, or League of Legends for that matter, only makes it easier to create stories like this without hitches.   An alternative for summoners? I've thought about it for a bit, and my answer is simple: relegate summoning magic to the champions.   Udyr, Annie, Anivia, Zyra, Malzahar, et cetera: there are a lot of examples of champions who rely on what can be dubbed 'summoning magic' -- whether its conjuration or possession. Having each champion associated to an affinity they may summon or harness clears up the way for     City-state specific ideas on magic.     Techmaturgy found in Piltover and Zaun being a solution for those unable to summon magic on their own.     Separates church and state once again, implying that champions have more mastery over their element than implied by the Q-W-E-R in the games.
0	Congratulations!   I did this quite a while ago to a very close friend who I was living with at the time in a dorm room. She was very controlling toward me and the rest of our mutual friends. We fought often because I wouldn't take her unsolicited advice and wouldn't tell her all the details of my past or present.  She actually said to me that "we could no longer be friends if I wouldn't tell her everything." This was in regards to me hanging out with a guy from class and not being back in the room right away.   Finally there was just some ridiculous fight and I snapped. It was like someone turned off a light switch on caring about her at all. I just didn't care anymore. I did not give a fuck about her anymore and just stopped interacting. I didn't fight with her anymore, and I didn't go along with her ways of apologizing. I would simply say something like "No thank you" or "I'm busy."   Best decision I ever made. I was so much happier after I cut her out of my life.
0	I hate husband logic on where the "right" spot is.  Where's the right spot for the beaters on the hand mixer?  Well, the mixer should go inside the massive pot beside the cat food, but the beaters for it belong in the back corner of the top shelf, where I can't even see them without standing on a chair.  The measuring spoons belong with serving utensils, but measuring CUPS go in the cupboard between the plates and the mugs.  Pans go on hooks on the wall, but pots go on top of those beaters, particularly the lids.   If the spots were consistent, this might work.  But my 5 measuring cups are down to 1/4 and 1/3 cup measurements, with the other 3 lost forever.  My roommates bf uses them to make dip in, so if they aren't lost, they're likely dirty and under a bed.  And when HE does dishes, he leaves the clean dishes on the counter under the cupboard they belong in.
1	A collection of thoughts and advice from a lover and veteran of Singed:   Nearly every champion in the game counters Singed; his laning phase is miserably weak early game.   I used to spam Singed, even first picking him in ranked, until I just got completely exhausted from fighting manaless champions with sustain over and over again. You have to recall 5 times for every time they do and eventually you'll naturally fall behind.   With Singed though, the laning phase shouldn't be regarded as too important. Singed is a fairly awful laner and when playing him you need to think ahead, draw aggro from their whole team and never be afraid to pop R + Ghost and go balls deep. Singed can only be considered strong in lane when his Insanity Potion is running; when it's on cooldown it's advisable to back off of your opponent unless ahead. Singed is at his very strongest in lane when you're shoving the creeps into the enemy tower, warded up, and repeatedly diving and flinging the enemy laner out of the tower. Use common sense when doing this, as certain champs will simply annihilate you under their tower (Darius, Kennen). InvertedComposer states that Singed's strongest level is level 2 - this is only true is your opponent is level 1, but I am inclined to disagree. I find that he is at his strongest whenever he his kiting the enemy team. Many players state that Singed's late game is 'OP'. This is simply not true; ultra late game Singed just isn't tanky enough when compared to dedicated tank champions - the need to build items like Liandri's and Serath's Embrace sacrifices too many slots on squishy mage items to tank a 6 item AP/AD carry's damage. You will have difficulty in charging down the enemy carries in teamfight's late game for this reason; it's advisable that you run around the middle of the teamfight poisoning as many targets as possible.   However, one thing I enjoy the most about Singed is the fact that the champ himself comes covered with an insurance policy. Fed lane opponent? No problem; pop ult, charge and fling them, poison minions and run through their towers to proxy farm. Die or recall, buy homeguard, repeat. The sheer amount of games I've won after losing my lane and doing this is astonishing, a true lose lane/win game champion.   The other aspect that I enjoy with playing Singed is the fact that I  want  to be camped as hard as possible by the enemy jungler. In fact, I make it a major objective to waste as much of the enemy jungler's time as possible. Don't cry about being camped when playing Singed; make it a goal - seek it, relish it, enjoy it. Singed is the best attention whore in the game. If at any point in the game no one is giving you any attention, run into the enemy nexus, pop ult and farm two lanes at once. Force their attention on you at all times.   Out of all the playstyles available for Singed, the one I've had by far the most success with is Druiddroid's proxy Singed, and this was after the death streak nerf. If you don't know the playstyle, search 'Druiddroid' on Youtube and go from there. I did this a lot in ranked and it skyrocketed me up from Plat 5 to Plat 1 - and I repeat, this was  after  the death streak nerf, so don't call me a noob for exploiting a well-known loophole in the game's mechanics.   There are some champions, however, that are at the very best of times an absolute ballache for Singed to lane against. Kennen, Karma, Ryze, Kayle, Vladimir, Jayce and, of course, Teemo can all be beaten with well-calculated plays, but can beat you easily without any clever tricks themselves. For those champions, beating Singed is like breathing for them; a natural, sub-conscious process that doesn't demand anything out of the ordinary. To outplay them as Singed, you will have to either a) hide in brush and pop out to last hit. b) push to level 2, pop ghost, fling and sky auto them into your creeps with poison and ignite (extremely risky move that can fail easily) c) proxy them at lvl 1 and write the whole lane off (even riskier). I'm done with those matchups and I've put Singed to rest and taken up jungling now. I'm hoping for jungle Singed to become competitive in S4 then I can play my favourite champion without my balls aching from the huge menu of available counterpicks. What's that . . . they picked a Garen against you? Cool, but they have a Janna support who is going to make your game incredibly hard for you. Singed can just as easily be counterpicked across lanes as he can be in lane. Every champion counters Singed.   And, slightly off-top, why the fuck is Singed one of the top counterpicks to Nasus on championselect.net? Holy shitballs, that couldn't be more wrong. Nasus laughs in the face of Singed's attempts to harass him in laning phase. EDIT: nevermind, someone changed it now, but I swear it was like that for a couple of years.   What champions should Singed always win laning phase against? None. Every champion in the game can be played as a counter if played correctly. Singed has some glaring weaknesses that are incredible easy to exploit in laning phase, which is why I'm hoping to take him into the new jungle. An often overlooked stat on tank champions is base scaling magic resist, which some champions get for free and others do not. Singed does not get any free MR per level, and will have around 30 MR at lvl 18 with no bonuses. This makes him exceptionally weak to magic damage and places a lot of stress upon MR itemisation. The worst situation you can have is when you're playing versus a tough AD top laner, demanding a build for armour, as well as a fed AP mid, which you simply can never have enough gold to cover sufficient armour and MR for. If you want to counter Singed, AP champs will make him work much harder to cover the costs of the MR that other champs like Nasus get for free in generous amounts.   Contrary to popular belief, Singed is not an easy champion to play with at all. It always makes me smile when I see the enemy Lee Sin write in all chat 'ROFL noob pick Singed skillless champ GG'. Singed is not an obviously skill-based champ like Lee Sin, but actually requires a wealth of game knowledge and some esoteric keyboard mechanics to completely master effectively. InvertedComposer's famous guide explains these keyboard mechanics in great detail, the Sky Auto Attack being the most essential of them. Note that you can no longer produce invisible poison with the new keybind interface changes.   For resources, search for guides/streams/videos from the three Grandmaster Singed players: InvertedComposer, Sirhcez and DruidDroid. The three of them cover every playstyle, build and aspect of the champion that there is. As much as I respect InvertedComposer, I find his guide to be somewhat damning of certain items that I have had great success with, Twin Shadows being one that comes to mind. It's an amazing guide, the best game guide ever written in fact, but be aware that he likes to stick rigidly to his math. His champion matchup summaries are useful but assume far too much skill of the reader, making them less useful for beginners. His guide is definitely written with the advanced player in mind. A special mention also goes out to Ranka Lee, another exceptionally talented Singed player who has also written an incredible guide. The Korean player Shy's Singed gained a lot of attention last year, but I feel that this was simply because Singed stood out as a pick in that year's tournament meta; Shy is not a fantastic Singed player and his builds are questionable. Shy stands out for building spellvamp, which I feel is a waste of gold, although Sirhcez has done this with notable success (more likely due to his mechanical excellence giving him the slack to build inefficient items). And, of course, let's not forget Dyrus's don't-give-a-fuck-style Singed.   If Riot nerfs and stops making resourceless top lane champs then I might consider returning to playing Singed again, but due to the popularity of these champions I doubt that this will happen. Mobility Creep (steady increase of mobile champs and items like BotRK, which is the kryptonite of Singed) has also a part to play in slowly killing off my favourite champ - very frequently do I find games where I can't seem to get a single fling off these days. Also, Teemo is getting indirectly buffed with the new masteries in Season 4, as well as a further penalty on deathstreaks, I feel Singed will become a very mediocre top lane pick in the new season.
0	Because all of my friends are fat fucks, I am usually the one who gets stuck with the back seat since it's easier for me to get in and out. What people don't realize, even with no music, sound doesn't like to travel to the backseats in a lot of cars. So when you turn the music on, you create an insulated layer space-time bubble around the two front seats that block any form of communication.   The only thing worse, is having a friend with adhd going, "Oh I like this song!" and turning up the music a little more at the start of every song and a second time at the "drop." Soon the "massive subs" in the trunk of the car start to shake your dick off (not in a good way), and the blood from your ears drain into your mouth, choking your cries for help, as if they can hear you in their extra-dimensional bubble that surrounds the front cabin.  You slowly die as the music intensity increases. Now it is effecting your sight. Images of Skrillex trying to blow the biggest cloud of smoke at his macbook at a show. His half shaved hair flailing about as he tries to dance to the music. "Your not even moving to the rhythm," you cry out, but your words are lost in the intensity of the beeps and boops. A final wub, and everything goes black.
0	as someone who has studied actuarial sciences (aka people who make the baselines of the premiums)   insurance is a gamble with a reverse payoff. imagine playing the lotto in reverse. you can keep buying lotto tickets to make sure you never have to pay the million dollar jackpot.   the reason they ask so many questions, usually ask for payment in advance, and base it off all aspects of your life, is they've figured out how much you're going to cost them on average. at least they're going to put the same house edge a casino will put ~3% over that in case its a bad year.   i've been in apt's the last decade, and never had an option for 20 dollar a month insurance. its always been reasonably expensive, close to 500-1000 per year. i've never had to claim it and saved at least 5 grand in exchange of being in a fire/robbery or other low likely event and would be on the hook for most likely 15k-25k in replacement costs.   for some people they think its worth it.   for most actuarial people they carry the min out of pocket insurance possible, never term life.
0	And here's why:   People  want , and  wanting  has nothing to do with anyone else outside of themselves (or yourself.) There is nothing more pure than someone's preference. It's what fuels our actions and pursuits, and elemental to our survival: "I want[prefer] this, so I will get it." More relevant to dating: "I want[prefer] this person to be in my life at [xx] capacity."   Now, think about your own wants, and how you hate it when the wants of others' conflict with your own. Why do we get mad when that happens? Because the other person's preference is threatening your potential happiness; because  without thinking of their feelings on the matter , they will be  taking away your power  to actively live your happy life.   So she/he decides to leave. FUCK. "Fuck them for them taking a jab at my happiness. How dare they have so much power over me?" Your ego is shaken up, and at that point you're breaking your own heart.  So change the patterns of your ego, and you'll realize that a she/he leaving is just another person on this Earth who existed without your companionship at some point, and wants to be there again.   It ain't easy to reprogram yourself, but you understand how your own ego works, and everyone has access to their own source code -- edit one line at a time. And it's not just about dating -- the fruits of any labor start from a seed of wanting.
1	Honestly, that was bad of you. Why did you need to go top? If somebody wants to top, why not talk it out and try to get a solution that will please everybody instead of saying (not sure you said this, but way too many people do) "summoner's code hurr hurr imma fers pick top." Most of the time, you can work it out so that everybody ends up with a role they at least don't absolutely hate, or if not that went to willingly, and you preserve team morale/whatever.
1	Well, he's one of the rarest (he's more popular now, kudos to Asia/LCS) ADCs. I think a lot of people generally associate rare with bad. Twitch was, for a long time, the highest winrate ADC in the game and has only as of recent nerfs fallen from that, and most people don't realize that especially at low-elo.   He's certainly still a hypercarry, he just lacks a manageable early game that other ADCs don't. It's rather easy to bully a Twitch as he's not very mobile, his escape is unreliable, and his range is extremely short without any sort of instantaneous gap closer or extender.   Given that, in an even team-fight oriented game, Twitch is probably the strongest ADC to have packed in your arsenal. He has the highest damage potential in the game as well as the longest range during his ultimate. But at the same time, he is the most susceptible to dive comps and takes some significant ramping up to be powerful. As per his hypercarry status, I think he's fine. I don't think the E nerfs were necessary though, as I believe he was already rather weak early game in a normal 2v2 scenario (1v2 is different) and the nerf to his E just makes wave clearing/pushing and CSing even more difficult for a champ that already struggles significantly with it.
0	I've used ramen cups and bowls for drinks. Refilled water bottles with bathroom sink water. Drank room temperature, flat day old beer from a 40. Ate with a frying pan on my lap. Used dirty underwear and socks as a napkin.
0	Yeah, but in the title OP states, that she always had tan lines before. If he considered that important enough to put it in the title, than probably not the very fact of a topless sunbathing session is a problem.   What seems to bother OP is that she decided to do something, which many people have every right to call intimate, not when he SO was with her but specifically in a situation when he wasn't around. But her "guy friends" were.   Also the OP is male and he knows firsthand what men feel seeing a topless woman, be her their friend or a person they see for the first time, if they didn't have time and occasion to desensitize to that view.   You are right saying that there are some idiots itt with their "fucking dump the slut", but there also people claiming that the OP is "overprotective and too possessive".   While, imho of course, the question that this particular SS meme poses is less  "How did you dare to sunbathe topless?"  and more  "Why did you decide on doing this for the first time when I wasn't around, but a bunch of other guys were?" . And let's not forget, that for everyone emotionally involved, letting their SO on a 3 day trip to nowhere with people of the opposite sex is a sign of trust and OP may consider this topless sunbathing, to a certain degree, a breach of said trust.   This, in no way changes the fact, that, if they didn't discuss this prior to this kayaking trip, he should give her a benefit of doubt, clearly state what are his boundaries according nudity around other people and let her decide if she is able to make that sacrifice for the sake of the relationship. If not, then they should walk their separate ways.
1	When think how to get better, what I personally do is look at everything I just did, if im an adc and a gank happens in bot, I look at my position first, how far pushed was I, did I see the jungler coming, did the opponents play agressive when they are both half health under turret. that usually means a gank is incomming, was I in front of the creep line, was I chasing a kill when the gank happened, did mid just leave, where did the jungler come from. where you are exactly matters. Thats sort of a positional overveiw.   This next bit depends on how much cc and how much distance you can create as well as you ability to outplay your oppenent. In this case the amount of CC the opposing team offers is huge, if there is a jungle nautalis with support leona and varus adc, you are going to be locked up for days if you get hit by any ability in their kit, So did you know naut was coming and you didn't run to about a flash range from your tower, at least. for this example im going to assume your on blue side with a taric support, if it was a janna this would be much easier to dodge out of.   Do you have sight of both naut and leona, if you have.a general idea that's pretty good too, but knowing the range on their CC and staying outside of that range is vital. If your someone like ezreal just toss a Q    into the brush to check.   For almost all junglers if they miss their CC.and you are about mid way in the lane the gank will fail. So All you gotta do is DODGE IT. knowing champion abilities will,make you a better player offensivly and defensivly.
0	Of course, though, we are not behind the Iron Curtain. The death penalty has popular support in the jurisdictions where it gets used. Something like 60% of Americans support it. It is even supported in places where it is not used (see: Michigan).   Just because something is popular does not mean it is right or even a good idea. It may surprise you to learn that the death penalty was popular in my country also. In fact, the more popular it is, the easier it is to abuse.   > Also, we have a completely different system. The state does not decide who to kill, juries do. And, of course, juries are chosen to reach a certain result to some degree, but it is at least an adversarial process that seeks to prevent outright bias. And if there was obvious bias than there might be a remedy in appeals to toss out the sentence.   We had courts also. Of course, the result was decided in advance. Yours are also in most cases but they are much smarter about it.   >
1	I recently had a ranked game where afkers got really out of hand. I recently made it into Gold V. Which was my goal for the end of the season. I was ecstatic and wanted to see how much higher I could climb. Que up, get into champ select. I'm last pick and fill as adc. It's fine, but there's some talking going between a yasuo who originally said he preferred top but switched to mid when yasuo was open. Some guy lower pick than him had called mid and proceeded to throw a hissy fit when yasuo was picked and "mid" was said. Both proceed to go mid and I try to get one of them to go top. No one complies. I go top and hope things will be ok. Then at about the 3 minute mark Ahri leaves. Then Yasuo leaves. Then Soraka leaves. Then Wukong leaves. I'm alone. What am I supposed to do in this situation? The game is lost. I lose LP and time for nothing. I reported all of them but I know there is a very small chance that they will actually be punished and that infuriates me. I don't understand how I'm supposed to play and try to better myself when people refuse to communicate and try.
1	heres the deal:   racism is a VERY subjective term, and there are varying degrees of it.   >Who's fault was it that Svenskeren got banned 3 games? Svenskerens alone, 110%, one of the dumbest things anyone has ever done in E-sport history.   this is the critical part i disagree with.   i dont think jeziz actively blamed svenskerren. i think he knows something about svenskeren most of us dont know or dont want to see. based on previous SK posts/intervieews on the subject and on this one, i think svenskeren really didnt know what he was doing in the situation. he was acting stupidly, in my eyes, not neccessarily racist.   thats what i didnt want to get into. cause i know how reddit sees this whole thing. "you said something bad about this type of people, and we know you are toxic from soloq? why you must be a racist!"   i have a somewhat different view, as i elaborated above.   dreadmad is an idiot if he actually thinks that his "
1	Ye I can say I don't really have that much champs yet and I have close to 1k games finally, after playing for quite some time. I do wanna say though that when I was spamming URF games my IP was going really well, but that's 'cause URF was new and fun and quick. So I was playing a lot of matches in a row. From normal games and ranked games I don't play that much a day so.   I main ADC, so I have champs like Cait, Lucian, Trist, Vayne, Corki, MF and Ezreal. I wanna buy Graves next, and don't have Jinx, Twitch and Varus. While Twitch is looking appealing to buy now with this new VU it's getting. Then I had Gragas, Leblanc and Nidalee mid. Found out that my Leblanc is kinda poor when I tried it in plat so yeah that's kinda over for me. Gragas got remade and is kinda bad, I also had Kassa although never really played it, which isn't really good either. So I bought Ziggs. I seriously have no real top lanes, I have some random cheap ones like WW and Garen, but not really the strong picks. And I don't really have junglers either, besides Lee and I bought Pantheon. Supports I have actually bought Morgana and Thresh after saving for awhile.   The problem is though that this is all 'cause I rank, and many times I'm forced into roles I don't really wanna play. I love adc, and comfortable with mid and support. I don't really like top or jungle, although jungle is op, and top you could just farm and not feed and be helpful later as a tanky champ. And also going from Lv1-30, it's annoying to actually save up for a great champion pool. When I was playing I just bought some random champs so I could play some different champs instead of the usual free week and the champs I did purchase. Gets boring playing the same champs after awhile.. Like seriously I have champs like Cho'Gath who when I bought it was pretty damn good. Even though I don't play jungle, I would love champs that are strong now like Kha'Zix who seem actually really fun, and Vi who is super strong. But yeah getting 4.8k and 6.3k champs takes so long. 3k is ok though. And also I got 3 rune pages, AD, AP and Support. I don't even really have runes for several different champions. Which is really really lame.
1	IMO, all this proves is that there is one more player in the other team that you don't know. You don't need statistics for that. For me, this has nothing to do with the so called ELO hell.   What I think people need to realize, is that different roles can have a different impact to the game. An insanely great support player will mostly not be able to turn the tides as much as a great AP/AD Carry player can (which is why it's called a carry - he carries the team in the late game, in a way.) Of course, if an AD carry (for the sake of that example) has a useless Support, he won't be able to farm well and get big. But again: I think the impact this has is a different one. On the other hand of course, if top lane feeds the other top laner and the jungler like hell, even the best carry mostly won't be able to turn this around. That's probably one defininition of the ELO-hell: you are good, but not great, and not able to turn such a game around single-handedly. This ofc does get normalized by the fact that this isn't always the case (you just remember them the most), there's a lot of games, and that that would be an extreme scenario, but as one of the top posts already states: lower ELO players are much more variable in their effective skill levels.   I do not know if there's a hidden MMR (which is much more variable) like in SC2 - but even that will never be able to always reflect the exact skill of the player, but it helps. This is part of the reason why any ELO system is flawed - but for the lack of a better system, ELOs are probably the most "viable".   Another thing: let's say someone in his 1500s duo queues with a friend who's around 1000. The system will try to compensate - of course it will, it has to. Now to my understanding, it does not (only!) search for players, where one is around 1000 and the other one is around 1500: players around the 1250s might also be viable. This is of course flawed, because there's likely a huge gap in skill between the two, and it will not be possible to find two players that are exactly "in the middle" of the two. That would be as if you would stick one hand in ice-cold water, the other one in boiling water, and say that on average, the temperature is just fine.   One last thing: I think the solo queuing system needs to include the current meta; you should be able to place your PREFERED roles in that game (something like "AP solo mid/ad duo bot/..." (exact thing in the current meta), "jungle/carry" (usual role) or just "bot lane", whatever works best) and rank them all, 1 through 5 (or so). You can't be sure you get what you wanted, but players who hate to jungle won't have to. This is likely irrelevant for the actual ELO, especially at higher ELOs (most players can play more roles and some of them are even able to communicate their wishes), but it would make it more fun if you're not forced to go whatever's left if theres three wannabe ap mid players, and the other not-mids still dick around in the now duo mid lane, then dick around somewhere else, and effectively cost you the game.
1	Nope, because Riot coding that will probably break the game. Dota 1 and 2 have had this -wtf mode for years where you can spam skills just like URF mode but with 100% cooldown. Dota 2 has -cheats in custom games where you can level yourself up to lvl 25 immediately, give yourself 10000 gold and everything else you can think of to practice.
0	I'd always used those cheap disposable razors for in the shower use (pubes) and a straight razor for my facial hair.   One day my girlfriend at the time offered to do my shower shaving, which obviously I didn't object to because shaving balls sucks. She used her fancy pink razor, and that day I learned that there are specific razors for shaving lady-parts and they are INCREDIBLE.
1	I think this is needlessly complex. Zed wanted to be viewed as a real son by beating Shen and winning the approval of his father. He was even driven to "forbidden" arts by this, and when he returned and was given another chance by his master he most likely consented but actually had one of his shadows follow his master into the temple (he ain't dumb, and he still has doubts about his father suddenly being willing to let him wipe the slate clean). Viewing his adopted son as nothing more than a corrupted failure, the master kills the doppelgänger while Zed observes unseen (the shadow would be a realistic clone and would scream in it's demise). The real Zed would reciprocate his master's sentiment, and I'd like to think that in his dying moments Shen's father would realize that it was not the box or even his failure as a master that drove Zed to this, but his failure as a father. Afterwards Zed would go all Anakin Skywalker by bringing about literal "balance" by thinning the ranks of the Kinkou.
1	It doesn't mean it's bad, it's putting you against other people who JUST started a new team as well.   Which is why people should honestly play solo queue to be better instead of depending on others to carry them.
1	We also have to consider a few other things about Ryze (taking assumptions of course). Ryze usually tries to build mana items that are often very tanky (Archangels and Frozen Heart are usually very common). Picking up a banshee's veil will completely negate Talon's silence. If Talon does manage to get his silence off, he still has to burst down Ryze. Although it may seem fairly easy to do, Talon now only has 3 skills to use for his burst. If Talon misses his W (which is fairly common to do), he only has 2 skills to use. All of his skills scale off bonus AD. If Talon loses a few kills to Ryze early game, he'll have no damage output lategame. In most situations, here's what could happen:   Talon and his team initiate a fight with Ryze and his team. Since they are carries, they aren't in the front of the fight. If Talon reveals himself to damage the enemy team, Ryze can easily snare him and kill him quickly. If Talon waits until Ryze is in a bad position, he both loses potential damage in that teamfight and could potentially die. If Ryze has a banshee's veil, Talon also has to wait until it gets popped before he can land his silence. Silences don't last forever, and with the usual amount of health and armor in Ryze's kit (lets assume: Banshee's Veil, Archangels Staff, Frozen Heart, Sorc Shoes, Rod of Ages, and Haunting Guise/Rabadon's Deathcap), the silence will end a good amount of time before Talon can fully kill him. At  this point, the ADC will probably be helping Ryze and Talon as well, but let's ignore them for this scenario. After the silence ends, Ryze uses his Rune Prison, followed by his ultimate, his Q and his W (note, because of his passive, he can also use his Q again during the rotation). With decent spell Vampirism and bonus ability power, Ryze has healed up an average portion of the damage taken, as well as dealt plenty of damage to talon. If Talon uses his ultimate to escape Ryze, he will lose that portion of burst in his kit.
0	Hold your horses there, conspiracy theorists.   That bill you're referring to was basically created so people stateside could legally access [Voice of America]( which broadcasts via Radio, TV, & Internet in foreign languages around the world. VOA essential provides world news and quality journalism to people in developing countries that don't have access to it. While it's funded by the US government and run under the mission statement of promoting "freedom and democracy," it's more like NPR.   The US ban on domestic propaganda prevented Americans from legally and fully accessing VOA content (even though some of it could be accessed through other means, like shortwave radios and the internet). This whole thing became an issue when people who'd enjoyed VOA programs and content in their native countries immigrated to the US and couldn't find the same quality programming IN THEIR OWN LANGUAGE. Have you ever tried to get a rundown on world events in Somali? It's kind of a bitch.   Here's [an interview with one of the bill's cosponsors]( explaining what's up.   The whole thing with CBS's "60 Minutes" was just lazy journalism, which is kind of becoming a problem with them (see  Laura Logan and her BS Benghazi piece . They just took the POV of the subject they were profiling instead of presenting counter arguments and asking tough questions, probably because the folks at the NSA would have walked if they did that and gone to another news outlet.
1	Alright, you got me there. I get riled up at suggestions that I saw would make the community worse. Yea, I shouldn't have called your opinion "fucking retarded", but I felt even more annoyed  when you patronized my responding comment, and later called me a troll.
1	True. The main question was actually at the end tho and his answer looked alot like "
1	Like the reply below, my number one reason for banning Yasuo is because, indeed, he's annoying.   However, let me toss in the concept of  skill amplification  or however one would like to call it. People often like to mention some champions as hard to play and what not - Lee Sin I suppose would be an example people like to use.   Say you're having an incredible game with someone like old Sona - you're playing ideally, irking the most of her kit. At the same time, the enemy Lee Sin is playing like a god from the jungle, channeling his inner Korean to not only gank the shit out of all lanes early, but imposes favorable skirmishes and crazy initiations for the rest of the game. Now tell me which team is more likely to win the game. Sona mains would also tell you that rolling perfect power chords and abilities right for the situation is hardly as easy as people would claim. The reality of it is that a Sona would simply be rewarded less for good play, but also avoids punishment to the same degree as a Lee Sin for a poor performance.   Now you got stuff like champion matchups as well. Ponder Katarina vs. a team lacking crowd control/interrupts. You'd probably argue that it's up to x champion in your comp to make sure she's shut down in teamfights. While everyone will still have jobs to do, a lot of the game's outcome will depend on that matchup.   Now we come to how I feel about Yasuo. While I as a support main will generally have tools to squander a Yasuo's play, a good one will make my life a living hell. The guy can dodge most of my skillshots with ease and even thwart targeted abilities. He can even completely crush initiations on targets that otherwise would be in overextension and easy pickings.   In short, whenever an enemy Yasuo knows what he's doing, my job becomes several times more difficult and frustrating, because he will leverage the advantage of being a strong Yasuo pretty hard.
0	we just have such a large gap between well educated and uneducated. I mean I went to catholic school and I am an mechanical engineer in college now with hopes to join an privately funded project that will colonize the moon. I know tons of people who surpass the average test score, but then there are just so many who fall below.
1	Decently long time Malphite player here; why is he being downvoted?   You're seriously playing Malphite wrong if you're getting a Rylais.  His AP ratios are only mediocre - not "really good" and only two of his 4 moves actually scale with AP, one of which is a one-time use, the other which is a 8 sec CD  SLOW .   Rylai's HP is irrelevant as you're a  TANK  who wasted his time on a Rylai's instead of a Sunfire/BV and will never have to really worry about itemizing for health as most TANK items have health (or at least plenty of Armor/MR to compensate.   Your E scales off of Armor, and you actually have more survivability based off of armor as well.  As Malphite your primary role is to initiate onto their ranged champions.   You're not there for a mass-AOE slow (BTW Rylai's AoE slow is extreme meh in teamfights, Amumu is a far better choice for Rylai's in that case, he has 3 AoE moves - if you're having trouble keeping them in place or killing them that's a team issue not a champion fault.
1	There were a lot of other anti-snowballing measures that I think are sometimes under-appreciated:     Inhibitors being down no longer buffs the minions in other lanes.  Previously, this provided a very straightforward winning plan to teams that had one inhibitor down.  For example, when mid inhib was down, you just go seige top and basically /dance while bot lane pushes itself.  You really didn't even need to poke or sustain or anything until your buffed bot lane pushed itself up to the inhibitor turret.  At that point somebody on the enemy team has to break off to clear bot and you can tower-dive top 5v4.  Even if the bot clearer turns around and comes back and you lose the 5v5 tower dive, it often was worth it because your minions probably take at least bot turret (and sometimes inhib too) during the teamfight.   Decreasing global tower and dragon gold made it so that even if you turn some early lane advantages into early towers and dragon, it doesn't put your other lanes so far ahead that you start to get easy teamfight wins.   Removal of oracles .  Riot did this specifically to stop snowballing, but I feel like this fact hasn't been noticed as much by the community or commented on as much by announcers.  In my experience as a support main in Season 3, oracle's was the most snowbally item in the game.  If your team got one fast tower and dragon, or if you got a few early assists, you could by oracles and a few wards, then run around the map, put 5 wards out, clear out all opponent vision at like 10 minutes and make it so hard for the enemy team to come back.     It does seem like maybe Riot removed  too many  snowball mechanics at the same time, at the risk of making early game irrelevant and also resulting in much longer games at all levels of play.
0	I would argue that prohibition creates 10 billion in tax burden to us tax payers a year because of incarcerations from marijuana. Add the revenue from selling marijuana and that is a big chunk of change. Not enough to fix the economy but an easy fix. Plus i mean its kind of immoral to lock someone up for selling a weed that does little to no harm. So it has a direct effect on every U.S. citizen.  Also, those violent cartels make half their money off marijuana sales. That being said protecting civil rights is also a big win.
1	It's the mindset. You state you've gotten to Bronze 1 before, meaning you can do it again. The common misconception with bronze level players is that everything is everyone else's fault. (Strengthened by your claim of the bot lane feeding. Did you do EVERYTHING within your power to get them back into the game? Doubt it.)   all in all, remember, than you can't directly influence other people's decisions, but you directly influence your own.
0	Black Friday is the biggest shopping day of the year, not Thanksgiving Day, which is a more recent thing.   Also, those who need emergency services or are in a hospital or nursing home are, I am sure, extremely thankful that  some  healthcare professionals work on Thanksgiving.  It'd be a hell of a thing if hospitals with convalescing patients, preemies and newborns, and many others - were left to fend for themselves, or that the Rescue Squads and Emergency Rooms were closed.   At the same time, most doctors' offices are closed, and most hospitals run a skeleton crew to provide essential services.  That means the executives, office staff, most doctors, support staff, and a host of others have the day off.   >YOUR EMPLOYER NEEDS TO MAKE MONEY TO PAY YOU.   Just about the worst thing I can imagine from an employee point-of-view would be if employers were allowed to have whatever working conditions they wanted in order to make a buck.  I didn't say, "pay you" because lowering wages would probably be at the top of that list, followed by a great many other things that labor laws were passed to address.   Finally, it is not uncommon to overhear retail employees complaining about their jobs no matter what time of the year it is - usually to one another when they think no one else is listening.
0	It's probably your fault. Bad braking habits is what causes people to do this.   I am this passenger, but I only do it for two specific drivers. My wife and my brother.   My sister, best friend, and other friend don't get this from me. They know how to brake early and correctly, and they don't constantly "push" the people ahead of them.   If I am a passenger, and there is plenty of room in front and behind us, the three good drivers I mentioned always create as much space in front and behind us as they can. My wife and brother will proceed to push ahead and close the gap with the car in front. They might not ride right up on their ass, but they still unnecessarily get closer to a car despite there being plenty of room on the road.   The wife and brother also start to brake about 2 seconds after I have thought "they should be braking". The three good drivers brake at the same time or before I am thinking it.   Maybe I am being a shitty passenger, but I don't think so, being that there are plenty of drivers that don't make me brace at all.
0	The guy up the street mows his lawn right after someone else finishes theirs.  There are days when 6 of us will stagger mowing our lawns so the OCD guy mows the thing 6 times in one day.    I've also seen him in the yard using scissors to trim the occasional high blade..   If I'm not keeping him mowing constantly I like to announce that the bees have things too hard and let my dandelions all go to see.
1	Make runes free. Their design as an IP sink is a terrible game mechanic (and only a half decent $ making mechanic). Started this as a comment earlier and [turned it into its own thread]( The
1	I honestly don't run into these people that much. I think one person threatened to afk in my last 100 games and he just ended up playing cuz we won team fight as he said it lol. Idk if I have like positive rep so I only play with positive people or what but I just don't see these toxic people that often.
0	I had a teacher who was extremely sensitive to something in body sprays. Although she didn't have signs posted, she had reminded the class on multiple occasions.   One day in the middle of a lecture the teacher starts getting really hoarse. One of the students tell her another student sprayed something in the class. Everyone turns to look at this girl thinking she had done it out of malicious intent. With a red face the student explained to the entire class that she'd farted and was trying to cover the smell with a body spray. She had completely forgotten about the teachers's sensitivity to body sprays. The teacher steps out for a couple of minutes and when she comes back in says she would rather have to smell any of our natural body odors than have another attack. No one forgot about her sensitivity to body sprays after that.
1	I just graduated University and I had the same problem where I crammed and just had major procrastination issues in general. However, studying ahead of time or even just taking time out of your day to simply review the material lets it get stuck in your long term memory, and of course lets you be better prepared.   The first step was just forcing myself to do the work which was a lot harder than it sounded. My schedule turned into something like come home, play a match, make dinner, and then start doing my work. I found that it helped to study and review while in an area I designated for work away from my computer. That let my mind realize it was time to work, whereas being around my computer just made me antsy.   In other words, forcing yourself to spend even an hour or two a night saves you from cramming and panicking the night before. It was worth the initial pain of having to change my habits, but feeling like I wasn't dying or behind on school has made me never go back to procrastinating. It takes work though.   Also: designate a day or two to have as a break day. If you rationed your work out, having a break day will eliminate the guilt of not doing any work because you already did most of it or are caught up. That way you can have a whole day of not worrying and just having a good time.   But,
0	I'm not sure that's where the OP's meme is coming from. He calls it an "American confession". In other words, the culture of a particular area puts pressure on you to like a certain sport. For example, I've had people jokingly tell me that I'm a "bad Canadian" for not liking hockey.
0	British may refer to something of, from, or related to the United Kingdom (1801 to date), the Kingdom of Great Britain (1707 to 1800), or the island of Great Britain at any time, including: British people, subjects or natives of Great Britain, the later United Kingdom, their Crown Dependencies or Overseas Territories Britons (Celtic people), the ancient inhabitants of the island of Great Britain south of the Firth of Forth Common Brittonic, an ancient Celtic language once spoken in Great Britain Brittonic languages, a language branch of the Insular Celtic language family
0	i was that kid in school, it's not fun realising you have developed some sort of habit of pathological lying, and consequentially spent a number of years in and out of depression desperately trying to right it, forcing myself to tell the truth no matter what and apologising directly after telling someone a lie. the worst part is when you begin to live within your lies in your head in order to get away from the reality they have brought you.   really, there may be more to it than meets the eye and it's a very depressing struggle trying to prove to people that you can in fact be trusted. sometimes i wonder who worked me out and which lies are still believed.   Edit;
0	Could be worse. Could be North Carolina ;-) Always some really stupid shit going down there from what I see on reddit.   But yeah. Working on quotas in Finland would basically go against the law regulating sales of drugs here because the pharmacies must offer the products with the lowest prices at all time. So even though we have Orion (medco) who makes Burana which is a Paracetamol tab and a huge brand in Finland, they still have to offer the generic stuff that's 1/4 of the price and similar kinds allowing Burana to have like just one fifth of the shelf space reserved for Paracetamol. If the pharmacies were allowed to they would probably try to push the most expensive stuff all the time, that's a no-no to my knowledge at this day. So at the end of the day, no matter how good the sales are, they don't make much profit though they do make some profit (after taxes ans wages and stuff like that).
1	no moar melee/uber short range ult that deal tons of damage   now rocket need to fly a bit to deal max dmg
1	If you duo bot, you have 1% chance to win the game. That's why so many people do it.   Cause they love to lose.   They actually WANT to lose.   They know you. Hate you. Want you to have a bad day.
0	I just cruised over to /r/atheism. On the front page I found the following:     A quote from a comic making a joke about God and the Devil. Not even sure how this relates to atheism.     A quote from Watchmen     An obviously satirical quote being misrepresented as an actual opinion held by "believers"     An image drawing attention to the bizarreness and inaccuracies in the bible     "My favorite fictional atheist" (Han Solo)     A picture mocking religion, because all religious people believe their religious texts are totally literally true and are complete idiots.     Facebook screencapture of a "stupid believer"     Don't even know what this is supposed to mean so I thought I'd just link it.     A picture about how teaching children religion is "brainwashing"     Another facebook screencap     A rage comic making fun of a Priest for saying spider man isn't real     Philosoraptor meme pointing out implausibility of Noah's Ark       Well you get the point. I didn't see any meaningful discussion, or even any self posts. Mostly bad memes and facebook screencaps mocking "believers."   I wasn't impressed. The longest thread I've ever commented on was someone who insisted religion only existed because people were brainwashed by their parents/religious authorities, and that everyone was "born atheist" (a common belief in /r/atheism). When asked why Religion started, if everyone is born Atheist, he said it was because it was forced on people in the 1400s... him and another commenter literally went back and forth about half a dozen times, and this guy just did not get it. I get that people are "oppressed" or whatever, but you have to realize, most religious organizations do a lot of charity work, and are genuinely good for the community. Most religious people are fairly reasonable and amicable, and at the very least are genuine in their beliefs. Not every religoius person literally believes in every aspect of The Bible, or even agrees with every part of their religion. Most major religions have been refined over centuries by many scholars and great thinkers (there were actually a lot of religious scientists).   Sorry for the soapbox. I'd keep going but I'm stoned as fuck and I could use a sandwich.
1	First serious multiplayer game was Adventure Quest and Adventure Quest worlds. I was always max rank/highest gear, grinding hours and hours for rare loot etc. 3 years on Artix Entertainment franchise, then I got a console and switched to COD at the release of Black ops, I played at least 10 hours a day of CoD and I took Black ops 2 to a whole new level, nearly 2.5k hours on Black Ops 2. Also hit Prestige  Master first 3 months of release then got reset cuz some stupid glitches...sigh, 2 months again prestige master. I was also one of the first to hit Masters in League Play..Played a chronic shit ton of CoD then Around 500 hours on TF2, Loved the game, Got banned off secure servers for abusing the fuck out of glitches :'( rip 900$ inventory, Then played a game made by WildShadow (Now owned by Kabam) called Realm of The Mad God, or RoTMG for short, Played since release of that game up until like 2013, Started league when it came to the OCE servers, Stopped playing until august 2013, then I started playing again near the end of season 3...Now I play league alot, but only casually with friends..after Black Ops 2 (and a fuckload of MW2...didn't really like it)   ranked I realised that my Rank practically means nothing unless I go into competitive gaming...So I just gave up on tryharding/grinding for ranked and just play League casually..
1	I played her a lot since she came out, because she is a lot of fun but she has a lot of issues.   Her mana costs are quite absurd, you are almost forced to get a Chalice as first item if you want to do any sort of poking in the lane. Poking with just Q unlike on many other mids (Ahri/Morgana come to mind) is very lackluster and will barely phase most enemy mids. It just does way too little damage on its own... her full combo (QEWQ) does quite a lot of damage if you can pull it off, but that's where the problem lies - pulling it off is extremely hard and nearly impossible on most mids that run MS quints and have any form of mobility.   She has very good lane pushing but at the same time EXTREMELY lackluster roaming capabilities... You simply can't gank other lanes with her very well, something that is extremely important in today's metagame. Her CC requires too much setup and is too easy to dodge and unlike other mids she just simply requires too much time to set up her burst.   Her lategame presence in teamfights is also lackluster, she is supposed to be a single target burst champion which I presume was meant to take out the bruisers but her damage just doesn't allow her to do this very quickly, considering her low mobility and lack of escape she just gets jumped on and if she doesn't flashes, she dies. This is a severe problem.   Unlike the last 2 mid champions that came out, she is simply not up to par. I understand they wanted to be cautious considering the extreme negative reactions they got on the last 2 mids being too strong, but they went way too far with the nerfs on her during PBE. She is an extremely high skill cap champion that has way too many weaknesses to make it so that she is playable. Her strengths are supposed to be her CC (2 forms) and her "insane" singletarget ultimate, but she gets outclassed in  every, single way  by almost every other AP mid that is popular in the current metagame. Ahri, Morgana, Zyra, Orianna, Gragas, ... all simply outclass her in every single aspect, even in the ones she's supposed to be good at.   To fix her, they need to look at the missile speed on her W firstly. That ability is AMAZINGLY hard to hit due to how slow it is and the awkward range. Her Q simply needs to do more damage and her E needs to be on a lower cooldown I feel. Considering it's her only way to defend herself, it just doesn't do.   Comparing that to  Zyra's E (another low mobility champion that actually does well) :     Cooldown: 12 seconds at every rank   Magic Damage: 60 / 95 / 130 / 165 / 200 (+0.5 per ability power)   Root Duration: 0.75 / 1 / 1.25 / 1.5 / 1.75 seconds   Cost: 70 / 75 / 80 / 85 / 90 mana   Can be paired with a slow (W), extremely reliable     vs  Syndra's E :     Cost: 50 mana at all ranks   Cooldown: 18 / 17 / 16 / 15 / 14 seconds   Magic Damage: 70 / 115 / 160 / 205 / 250 (+0.4 per ability power)   Can be paired with a stun (Q, 1.5 sec) but is extremely unreliable     Comparing  ultimates  of the same two champions,  Syndra :     Cooldown: 100 / 90 / 80 seconds   Cost: 100 mana   Singletarget ability:   Damage per Sphere: 90 / 135 / 180 (+0.15 per ability power)   Minimum Damage (3 spheres): 270 / 405 / 540 (+0.45 per ability power)   Maximum Damage (4 bonus spheres): 630 / 945 / 1260 (+1.05 per ability power) <- added this for no real reason, as this is literally almost impossible to pull of.   I'd say it's pretty common to do your ult when you have 2 spheres on the field, making it a 900 base damage nuke.   Let's take a midgame amount of AP (300) and rank 3 ultimate with 2 Q's cast in beforehand (8 seconds of preparation without CDR, 4.8 seconds with 40% CDR): (180 + (0.15   300))   5 = 1125 damage.     vs  Zyra :     Cooldown: 130 / 120 / 110 seconds   Cost: 100 / 120 / 140 mana   Magic Damage: 180 / 265 / 350 (+0.7 per ability power)   Area of Effect radius: 700   Two seconds of CC if you don't run out   Let's take a midgame amount of AP (300) and rank 3 ultimate: 350 + (0.7 * 300) = 560 AoE damage, we all know that Zyra's ult is always paired with the rest of her spells though, which grants her an immense amount of burst.   The above shows with the same amount of AP it only needs to hit two people to do the same damage as Syndra's ult with  significant  less amount of preparation time, all the while being a  freaking AoE spell .     It's just not good enough. As for her ultimate, the base and bonus damage per sphere just have to go up. It's extremely aggravating considering how hard it is to get the full benefit of the ability to see it do less damage than Gragas' or Zyra's ultimates  while not having any direct CC linked to it and not being AoE  unlike the 2 just mentioned.   Riot has mentioned several times it's better to get the fun-part about a champion right first, then worry about balance. Well they definitely made her fun, but very, very unrewarding so I hope they stay true to their word and give her the buffs she deserves, because unlike Rengar she doesn't have a sleeper OP ability with some absurd scaling and instant reset to skew with her winrates.
1	It's correct to report them for "unskilled player" if you wish to do so, but as everybody knows "unskilled player" - reports aren't doing anything at all.   You could say that it's not fair towards his teammates to jump right into ranked after 3 weeks break though, but reporting for something like this is rather harsh.
0	I have had to ease myself into exercise.  I started with a healthy diet, and have lost 30 pounds doing that alone.  Now that I am down so far, I have been able to run for 30 minutes solid, which when I was bigger would have hurt me.  A lot of my failed attempts at losing weight (4 or 5 times over the last 7 years) have been because I started exercising and hurt myself, and then never did it again.  I learned to eat healthy, lost a bunch of weight, and now I can run and lift weights with ease, and never feel hurt afterwords.  I am the run of the mill fat dude, 320 most of my life, recent years I was down to 275 and never moved.  Now I am 246, and still losing it.  I had all kinds of reasons why I was fat, all kinds of reasons why I would always be fat.  It is a true all around change, and from this couch potato, game playing geek, it is fucking possible.  I have had all the docs tell me I have depression, anxiety, stress, and some fat people use that as a crutch to why they can't start.  It is easy as fuck to lose weight.  Get over it, throw the chips and microwave burgers away, and start moving around a bit more often.
0	In punishing folly, it does not further one to commit transgressions. The only thing that furthers is to prevent transgressions.
0	Some people post some very personal stuff on Facebook, usually to get sympathy and attention from their friends. While I do not get satisfaction out of other people's lack of success myself, I do know a lot of people that post a lot of that kind of stuff on their Facebook. i.e. Getting teen pregnant, moving into a caravan, losing their already crappy job etc. etc.
1	Yeah morello was talking about what makes a game "fun" and mana management is not one of those things normally.
1	The damage control is insane. The best thing you guys, as representatives for the F5 management and team, can do right now is to realize that the battle is lost, that people don't believe that you're sincere, and that you have both, as well as the F5 management, handled this situation horribly. First the justification thread for prototype started by mizzpeach and then this blunt article trying to justify mizzpeach.
1	I'm actually pretty confident that crit chance reds (marks) and (big) MAYBE the corresponding quints are better.   You get 17 crit immediately with only crit marks, which can help your early trades to massively devastating levels... much like critplank back then, just a bit more reliable.   Plus if you get Avarice early you are at 47 % and either upgrade of it (Ghostblade or Shivv) are core on him.   And remember, I am talking about Yasuo as a mid laner because imho he is at a big disadvantage at top because he is quite squishy and you'd have to build at least a bit tanky and he scales with no tank item at all (well maybe Atma's might be possible, but then he lacks attack speed and needs more HP to make it work)   As a midlaner you can trade better and all your dashes make it near impossible for most mages to hit you. His waveclear is also very good from level 2 on and gets better and better the more items you get.   He also won't work as a jungler too well, much like Fiora.   He has some CC, but not much and it needs to be set up and even then it's not enough (plus again, jungle items aren't the best on him and he can't go tanky if he falls behind, same as in top here, and don't say Wriggle's, that item is a mess)
1	So this been a while ago in SoloQ: this guy was first pick, didnt said anything in champion select, even when we asked. He did the usual bans and picked Orianna. So we assumed he was a midlaner. I went support Thresh, and we had an Ezreal adc with a normal top and jungle. In game the orianna went straight to bot lane. We asked him, but he didnt communicate. Ezreal with ad runes went mid. I thought omg.. but he played normally, even a potential kill in the first minutes. But things went bad and worse and eventually he began to feed. I checked his match history and it seemed like he did more of those things.
1	I bought 20 dollars worth of riot points when the servers were heavily trafficked, and I had the same problem as you did.  When I restarted my client, lo and behold I had my points, so I bought myself a couple things and ended the day with 900 odd RP left.  I logged in the next day and I found that my RP was then OVER 3000 for some reason. probably a communication error due to the server traffic (It was a half hour queue to get in, I blame Brand being on free week).
1	ADC's are balanced right now because they don't bring a lot to the table in the early game, compared to AP mids, whereas when they get to late game they are the shining stars. If riot were to make 4 new item slots that would mean they had to fix the entire way they balanced the different playstyles, so that adc's wouldn't 1-2 shot everyone not being above 200armor and a shitload of hp. The same way Apc would fall more and more and lastly become almost useless, because if as you said, you have a veigar, then imagine him in a fight vs. a 6 offensive item ADC + 4 defensive items (Warmogs+GA+Maw of malmortius+banshee's) the ADC would still just melt the Apc, and the Ap wouldn't be able to touch him.   So the
1	The trailer is a bit corny. Judging from this topic, he has as many haters as he has fans. To be honest, this seems like a good move by Ozone. Especially if they will actually get feedback from him. Not only does Oce have a lot of fans, a lot of esports related products are still being developped with minimal input from professional or former professional players. In the FPS market it took some companies a few years to realize that they should consult with pro players when it came to developping products. Companies like Razer and Benq did that the most and really catered to the competitive players. When it comes to LoL, it's still surprising how "amateuristic" a lot of LoL products and even top players (if you consider anything ranging from diamond to challenger as top) are. Only at LCS level do I feel like the players understand what it takes to be the best at a game. Not only management and practice is important, but also settings/familiarity with those settings/good products/lifestyle. It's baffeling how many d1 or even challenger players who don't use a proper mousepad and mouse or who didn't even think about their settings. Sure LoL is mechanically less demanding than FPS games, but things like this will still boost your skill by a fair margin.
0	I got to see around 30 meteors last night.  It was pretty magical.  I got my parents to sit outside and watch with me.  My mom was full of joy, like she had never seen anything like it.  We saw two in particular that were devastatingly beautiful.  One the traveled a quarter of the sky, fairly large, looked a lot like a sparkling firework.  The other one traveled the entire distance of the sky before disappearing.  It was humongous, it had two tails burning  off of it.  One of the most beautiful things I've ever seen.
1	You pick a RANGED champion mid who can farm under turret very well. Also, pick a champ who can kill his turrets pretty easily. I recommend jayce or orianna. Jayce can kill his turrets really easy with ranged autos and clear waves under tower with EQ combo. His burst,poke and mobility is very high. He's good against heimer. Orianna for similar reasons. I'd imagine lulu is decent as well. I have yet to try Karthus, but I think he would also be beast. He farms under turret well, still provides global pressure and can kill turrets.
1	how bout AD zhonyas then? cause uknow when that syndra/zed ults you most supports can't do that much.   AP champs scale insanely levels and ap items up to 7-800 ap average and 1200 ish if they push it, ad champs scale mostly with items and they usually cap at around 350 up to 450. AP champs can afford to sacrifice a slot for a QSS without impacting their late-game that much while adc's need that lategame power to stay relevant.
1	From my personal experience of working in the community team in EU, this is really different from country to country. In Scandinavia / The Netherlands / Belgium / Luxemburg? Sure you could run an English cast and most people would be happy. In Germany? Maaaaaybe. If you're German and you're here on reddit, realize you're in a minority of Germans who feel comfortable enough to do all their League discussing in English. It may seem like there's a ton of German players who can do this, but that's just because there's a ton of German players full stop. There's plenty who don't speak English well enough. But it gets even clearer when you go to places like France, Spain, or Poland. All of these countries have very large League playerbases, and we know for a fact that a majority of them prefers a cast in their native language.
0	I live in Belgium (if you have a couple hours to burn, look up our political history, it's too complicated to get into here), and a multi party system isn't all it's cracked up to be. It implies two or more parties will have to compromise to come to a governing agreement. So, they cut part of their program to get to an agreement, then in effect they can only get part of that turned into legislation. So whichever party you vote for will only execute a small part of their program. Also, if you then decide to switch parties, it doesn't really matter. The three largest usually form a coalition anyway, so either you're validating the current coalition (even though you switch parties), or you're voting for a party that's too small to weigh on policy. I would welcome a two party system, so your vote sends a clear message: I think this guy is better than than guy. Anything more complicated than that, and politicians will find a way to spin it so it suits their story.
1	We don't know yet but what we do know is that lemonhas said stuff like this before. Lemon used to be known as a twitter troll, often saying that previous or current pros would be joining a team; even though they weren't. Lemon didn't know if the people he said were  joining or not, he only said they were to troll the community and spark up threads like this.
0	I love with my parents, but I live with them....and I'm fucking 27.   They're all up in my shit 24-7, always giving me something to do or always trying to bring up a conversation. I don't even have a door to my room (im in the basement) so they come in and out as they please. I can't do anything I want to without them fucking in my shit at all points. They even go so far as cleaning / rearranging my "room" anytime I'm not around, even though I've expressed my disapproval for this multiple times.
0	When I was 13 I came down with a very bad case of pneumonia and I was prescribed some medicine that was in short supply for some reason. Well we sent the script to the Kroger that we usually went to but they didn't have it. I'll never forget what they did at that pharmacy. They then called evey pharmacy in the area to find it. Meanwhile my fever was spiking and thing were getting desperate for me. I could not even open my mouth to talk without throwing up or at least doubling over in pain. Unfortunately one after the other the pharmacies all were unable to get any of the medicine. And then at 11:00pm right as we were getting ready to head to the ER as I was dehydrated and my fever had spiked to a dangerous level the Kroger called and said they found the only pharmacy within 30 minutes that had the medicine and specifically told the pharmacy to stay open for is. They saved my life. We later found out that the lady who had been helping us had stayed 4 hours after her shift was over just to help find us the medicine. Cant thank them enough for basically saving my life.  Needless to say we still go there for our meds
1	Great work. Very clear how much effort went into this. Good analysis, clear headings, good formatting - and what's more - your English is excellent. You made mistakes many native speakers would have made and it honestly never occurred to me that you weren't native until you said so. Keep up the good work!   Btw don't feel obliged to add a
1	Okay first I would like to say I don't think elo boosting should Be allowed in any form, but to say it negatively effects low elo games is flat out wrong. Reasons why? Well if the elo system in place works players won't be effected by the one game the elo booster plays with you and yes I say 1 game because 90% of the player base is in low elo it's unlikely that you will get matched up with them again(it is possible but slim). I'd also like to point out that Riot allows professional players and streamers to take unranked accounts from unranked which starts at 1250 mmr silver 5 and climb which is literally the same thing as elo boosting. The reason it's allowed is because when someone is truly way more skilled then the league/div they are in they skip and climb fast and literally create zero impact on the players they play with/against. The only people who actually suffer from elo boosting are the higher elo players that actually have to deal with these people playing their games to keep from elo decaying and where the player pool is way smaller and it's likely to run into more often creating completely unbalanced teams
1	It's not 1 slot/server. It is 1 slot per region. The defined regions are NA, EU, Korea, China and SEA, just like last year.. If it was per server then why does EUNE not get a slot? Why not Brazil? Why not Turkey?     Are you suggesting they shouldn't be fair? Other regions have a limit of players per team being in each All-Star team. EU voted 4 members of Gambit into the team, but only 3 could go. SEA has a different dynamic to the other regions and 3/mini-region is more fair to the other global regions as well as making sure there is some actual diversity in the team. Just because TW is much stronger with TPA and TPS doesn't mean that they should just have exclusivity over it as well in the same way that just because a team like GG is so strong they should get such a stranglehold over the EU team.     Frankly, if they are so selfish that they are willing to, i guess, sabotage their own team because they can't get their own way they I don't care. Allows the other teams to compete for that extra spot easier.       Also, in regard to your
1	I've seen lower elo division in the LCS crop up multiple times over the few years its gotten big and there's a large number of reasons why it will probably never happen. Money is one of the major reasons. Companies will not pump £££'s into a team who are just a group of gold or plat players who have no real chance of reaching the LCS. If we use CLG as a case study here we can basically put it into perspective.   For CLG to hire a lower elo LCS team they would have to spend money and time on multiple different things, the first being scouting. Its far easier to scout pro players because there's far less of them, when there's literally millions of gold and plat players across the world finding decent ones is like picking a needle out of a hay stack. It would take a lot of time and money to find a decent team who work well together.   Secondly sponsorship is a big issue. Quite frankly the difference in viewership between the Challenger league of the LCS and the LCS itself is pretty huge. On a normal week of NA lcs you see an average of 200k viewers on twitch. The second its over and the challenger league is on it drops to about half of that. Baring in mind probably around 50% of that viewer ship is actually there for the games. The other 50% are there to see Phreak do puns and troll in twitch chat (Riot did a smart move putting phreak into Challenger league as a caster). If we use the basis that the reason the viewer ship drops by 50% is because the level of play is lower and the brand names aren't big, then imagine how many viewers a gold or plat division would get. You are looking at 1-2k viewers if you are lucky. 1-2k viewer ship isn't worth a lot in terms of sponsorship, and its certainly not enough to maintain a gaming house and pay your players aswell as coaching staff.
1	You can't compare the ability to Janna and Morgana because those abilities you can use on yourself, are also done so at a cost. Soraka's E has no cost, and you can still use it to harass the enemy.   Allowing Soraka to be able to keep herself permalaned is an unfun gameplay mechanic. A while ago, Gangplank used to be able to kill his own minions, and deny gold/xp to the enemy. Was fun for the player, but not for the opponent. Same way. Gangplank's deny had no counter mechanic, neither does soraka's E.   So what do you have left? Costless enemy harass with a silence and pretty decent range. When fights start you can not only hit enemies but also give your allies mana, which is not done by any other champion in game.   Please bear in mind that Soraka's main role is a support character, and is going to be balanced mostly with that in mind.   Basically what you're implying is that you want soraka to be a resource-less champion, because nerfing the mana gain too much means its useless, and not enough means infi-sustain. I don't really think there is middle ground.   I don't think it's a bad nerf: I think one of your champions had to have their gameplay altered. It's time that you actually have to use your resources well like the rest of the AP casters.
1	It's easy to carry a whole team when i play ADC. I carried from 1100 elo to 1500 ELO as Akali, but enemy teams could shutdown me down as I climbed. I realized I needed to play a new role since I couldn't carry a whole team as mid. I started Season 3 as Silver 1 (I believe) and I couldn't carry my team from Top/Jungle so I tried ADC. If you get fed enough as an ADC you can carry your whole team if you play correctly. Now I am Plat 2
1	Oh. I didn't notice because I was responding directly to his comment
0	Some advice for anyone high school, take AP Psych.The class is actually a lot of fun and the test isn't to hard to get a 4 or 5. I studied for half an hour and guess what? It's a class or two that I placed out of for college. Seriously I signed up for it as a joke and it ended up saving me hundreds of dollars.
0	I had a teacher in high school who often said shit that was just plain wrong. Mathematically fucking wrong, and he would just keep throwing these "facts" of his around every semester and never accept that he was wrong. Here's a list:   • According to Mr. Asswipe, if you put $1000 in the bank every year from ages 20-29 into a 5% annual interest rate account, then let it be, you would be a multimillionaire when you were 60.   • According to Mr. Asswipe, you could get a new car for free by waiting for a year after it was released and buying it then. I don't remember; it had something to do with waiting until a new car was old and then buying it, or else you were a sucker. It made no fucking sense.   • According to Mr. Asswipe, Marconi invented the radio. This is more forgivable because it's a pretty wide misconception, but trying to get him to admit he was wrong was the real cherry here. After I informed him that the technology was actually invented by Tesla, he said "okay, prove it to me." I blanked. "Just...you know, show me proof that it was him." So I pulled up a copy of the fucking 1943 Supreme Court decision from 1943 ruling that it was, in fact, Tesla that invented the radio and not Marconi. His response was, "whatthecheesyfuck, I don't see why this is so important to you." This man was a fucking journalism teacher and he was talking to me about fact checking.   • According to Mr. Asswipe, you had to pump out your lunch money and give all of it to this local charity that he was endorsing. In theory, that's fine; I was actually the first one to donate, but imagine having that go on for literally every day of the semester, ten minutes at the beginning of class in which your teacher guilt trips you for not forking over your pocket change. In the words of Mr. Asswipe, "look, guys, you don't get how this works: when class starts, you bring out your wallets ..." He was doing it to compete with another teacher.   • According to Mr. Asswipe — aah, fuck it. This is just another story. We read The Scarlet Letter in his English class and he had everyone get together for a game of Scarlet-Letter-themed Mafia. You know, that game where everyone puts their head down, someone gets killed by a selected Mafia member, and everyone else needs to guess who they were. Well, we played this game, and it turns out that no one in the room was actually a member of the Mafia; he was just doing it himself. Officially it was to show us the societal implications of witch hunting, and but really he just liked to trick his class in stupid ways to make himself feel smarter than everyone.
0	It is well documented that black people are convicted more for pot while having similar usage/possession rates.  It's a pretty reasonable hypothesis that cops will disproportionately arrest blacks for other crimes, too.  I really don't think you could prove that blacks don't commit more crimes, however.   I don't know if that's what you were trying to say, maybe you just meant it's besides the point, which I somewhat agree with.  The disparity in conviction is a pretty obvious race issue, and (considering our prison system is basically a network of gang recruitment centers) likely a contributing factor to a higher black crime rate.
0	As someone who overcame this same challenge, I think /u/Ascian5 has the best advice. Ask questions to get people talking about themselves, and if they're a nice thoughtful person they will ask you questions about yourself, too. Then you can also remember things they told you and ask them about the same thing later. But as someone said below do NOT pepper people with a million questions. That will become awkward seal.   Other advice that worked for me is reading the news, particularly related to any topics they might discuss at lunch, or common interests that you have with everyone else. So if they talk about movies read about movies. Then you can just bring up a story you've heard ("Hey did you hear they announced that Starry McStarson is going to be in Big Budget Box Office Disappointment"). That should get them away from telling personal stories, at least for a bit.   At some point you're going to have to talk about yourself. I HATE talking about myself as we'll but it's just a reality. Maybe think out some SFW stories from the weekend and if anyone asks you'll have that ready to go.   Finally, I found for me that part of my paralysis in conversations was due to a lack of confidence, and when I exercised and lost weight I had much more confidence, and could chime into conversations more easily. If you are able to exercise more that might help, but once again that is what worked for me.
1	how can i play my waifu against cancercopter and le balanced black man.   you use her really high ranged early game to your advantage and harass the shit out of their not as good range and kite them.
1	Yeah. There are a lot of things Riot isn't doing that I, and many others, believe they should be doing, but they do talk about it. They communicate with us and with their pro players a lot. It's great. But you're right. We're spoiled and bitch a lot. A lot. On Reddit and on the league forums.   On the other hand, I think it's cool that people are coming up with ideas and essentially helping Riot develop a better game with lots and lots of things to think about. The only time it becomes an issue, and I think it's important to make this distinction, is when people make a suggestion, Riot team decides not to implement it, and then the person/people/community who came up with the idea, with their sense of entitlement, decide to, as you put it, bitch and moan.
1	Lift Lift, I'm a huge fan, but you have to realize that you are a playing a team game. Also, the best players raise the level of play of their teammates. Your team spends an awful lot of time making you look good, but how often do you think of ways to get them carrying? Scarra is pretty goddamn important to dig, but he doesn't require nearly the amount of help as you to carry.
1	I dunno about this analysis. Let's say the average enemy has 2700 hp late game, so that would give an MBR user 108 damage per proc, +30 inherent to the item, along with 40% attack speed. So +138 damage on average, with 40% attack speed. It also gives a nice 25 armor.   It has a similar cost to an infinity edge (3800g to 3830g), which only gives +80 damage, with 25% crit, and 2.5damage per crit as opposed to 2.0damage per crit.   I'm not sure exactly how the attack speed calculation works (I don't want to just say that MBR gives 40% more dps), so I won't go on with the calculation, but I think this shows that compared to an infinity edge (usually seen as the highest dps item in the game), an MBR does a pretty healthy amount of damage. The biggest difference is that the 108 damage reaches its peak at end game, and that its magic damage (which can be construed as good if the enemy has been building armor against you all game, but bad if they've been building against other ap casters).   In conclusion, I think it's situational, and a bit simplistic to think of that 4% as a crappy 2%, since ALL damage you'll deal will get reduced by a good amount.
0	www.bosley.com   Within a matter of months my ex began to lose so much hair he thought he was going to have to shave his head. He went to Bosley out of desperation. The visit (and yearly follow-ups!) was free. He didn't qualify for the transplant because he had all-over balding, but he was given a prescription for Propecia. Within one year the balding had stopped and he had regrowth in previously balding areas. Within 2 years his hair was much thicker. Now 4 years later you can't even tell. His hair makes him look like a Disney prince. Seriously.
1	I think this is just the attitude of the Chinese fans at the event. Chaox's vlog a while back mentioned similar attitudes. When iG beats WE, then only the iG fans cheer. When WE beats iG, then only the WE fans cheer. I hope next year the event is not held in China and starts to be rotated around. Korea would be fun as would EU. I would rather it not held in the USA since I live here though it is an epic place. But seeing the pictures of China is fun and I want to see the USA players pics from around the world.
1	This is the defining characteristic of Moba vs MMO games though. If you want to truly have no idea go play World of Warcraft, there's 11 classes. 11 options. That's as large of a pool as can be created where in a free for all melee things are level and there is no tier system it's just fire beats water, water beats leaf, leaf beats fire kind of shit.   If your dislike pokemon gameplay and WoW, then play League of Legends where shit's crazy as fuck, there is tiering, there is OP shit, there is underpowered shit, there is amazing plays, there is sweat under your arms after 40 minutes of turrent siege. If it's too much for you to handle, then go play the game where 0.2s actually doesn't matter because you can just polymorph someone for 8s, then silence them for another 4s, then cyclone them for another 8s, then root them for 3s, then re-polymorph them for 4s and so on and so forth.
1	On Ori I usually start with faerie charm, ward and pots, then build charm into chalice most of time, especially if I need magic res, if not Morellonomicon or tear are good pick ups. You don't need 2 mana regen items, if you get blue buff and Athene's/Morello/Seraph it is enough considering mana and mana regen. After Chalice I usually buy tier 1 boots, then get Fiendish Codex and finish Athene's and Sorc Shoes (unless I need even more mres/cc reduction, like vs Veigar I'd build mercs), then I start building towards Zhonya's. You can try building RoA as mana sustain item if you find yourself closer to fights. It depends mostly on your playstyle, I like having my Ball close to max range or on someone in the middle of the fight, usually I stay back in fights and rarely am in auto attack range. I'd build tankier, with RoA, if enemies can easily reach me and Zhonya will not save me most of time or if I get close enough to toss autoattacks in fights. If I am ahead I build Rabadon's first, if not I find zhonya good vs both AD and AP, the active is plain ridiculous. After mana sustain item, boots, Zhonya's it gets situational. Against opponents like Diana or Akali you can try building Abyssal, so that if they get in melee range you can deal some more damage to then and you also have additional magic res. If you see that enemies are getting mres build void staff, when they are stacking health liandry may be a good pickup. If you already bough, let's say, Athene's and it's too late to get RoA you can pick Rylai's for some additional hp, the passive is not the best on Ori, since all her damage is AoE and she already has a slow, but I find the hp can help immensly survive some bursty champs, unless they are incredibly fed. Other tanky option vs magic assassins can be Banshee's. Rabadon's is of course great if you can afford it, gold and defence-wise. If you are getting focused your last item may be something like GA, if not, and you don't have it yet, go for hat. You can also go for some spellvamp, either WotA or Spectral Wraith if you want some more health sustain and they are not really bursty.
0	I had a friend who did this during Firefly this year. We arrived at 6 am on friday thinking we would beat the traffic but was greeted with 2 miles of traffic. My friend, the leader of our 4 car caravan, made the decision to cut every single solitary car in that line. I was in the back seat of the 3rd car and hid in shame as we slowly passed each car until we got to the front. I was so mortified i could have thrown up. After the initial shock wore off about 30 seconds later, i realized my friend saved us hours sitting in a hot car on a summer morning in the Delaware woods and i loved him for it
1	How about fuck off?   Burn them when your team finishes 4th in NA regonals   I wont go into the collusion as I do not know all the facts however I do know they got there by being better then the other teams, and the consistantly finish 4th or 5th, there not tsm yet. But saying they cant win unless they cheat is just downright wrong
1	OK people need to stop hating on Wickd, his champion pool actually isnt that small perhaps his kayle games at worlds was last luckluster, but he seems to be able to play it well in EU LCS as he has won the two games he played her in   more or less, his main focus with kayle was to counter the ryze, as his other champions cant counter ryze, therefore went kayle top again to try and counter the ryze but got wrecked by elise's ganks therefore never really executed what he wanted to do with kayle   if maokai or irelia were up, he would have probably used them but guess what, both were banned wickd's champion pool is where, the only meta top laner he does not play, is ryze he has played a lot of other champions, but irelia has always been his strongest champ and since it is in the meta, why not pick it   if froggen's anivia was in the meta right now, i am pretty sure froggen would continue to pick it   waht he couldve gone however, is lulu, if you havent noticed, he has played it a lot at eu summer split, also with it, he would actually make the team comp, idk not suck?
1	I had a game this morning that was quite like this.   I'd give you a video link but I uninstalled lolrecorder because it was causing problems with my client :(   I was playing thresh, supporting an ezreal (this is bronze 2 btw... T_T) and the enemy team had a yi/nid bot lane. The yi was really low so ez decided to dive him. Gets the kill but dies to nid, who was also really low. I was still under their turret thinking we were going to kill nidalee as well (see: bronze 2). I take about three tower shots and realize I'm going to die if I don't move.   I walk through their tri brush and put down my ult, then go up instead of down (juked 1st spear). Nid follows me, I walk into bush by their blue. Wait. As soon as Nid walks into the bush, I flay her toward their wolves and run toward dragon. Anticipating a spear, I cut a hard left. Spear flies past me (2nd spear). Nid goes cougar form and i put my lantern on myself. She catches me with her E, but doesn't do enough damage. I run to my tribrush, faking like I'm going to run back up toward mid lane, but cut down instead. Nid buys it, sends a spear sailing up (3rd spear). Nid goes cougar form again and W's toward me. I lantern myself and flay her back, taking minimal damage from W. I am now in that little bush next to double golems, running toward my outer turret. It becomes a game of dodgeball now. No minions, nobody else. I run back and forth, trying to make Nid choose a direction. She chooses right. Or I guess I should say wrong (juked 4th spear).   After all this, Nid is now quite low (~20%) and runs right into Ezreal, who respawned just moments ago and is now back in lane with damage items and full health. Nid tries to run, but I catch her in a Death Sentence and Ez combos her down easily. Their jungler (Gangplank... is this really a thing?) Watched the whole thing and headed bot lane, surely fuming at the "retard noob nidalee can't hit a single spear" intent on picking up an easy kill. He ults around me under the tower, but I scurry to safety. Ezreal's skills all find GP, giving him a double kill.   Nidalee types in /all:   THIS THERHS   IS SO   FUCKIGN   GOOD   I type in /all:   GET   FUCKIN   REKT   class act, I know, but I was so excited and scared and relieved and shocked and all these different emotions coming together that I just sat there for like a minute after I recalled just laughing and freaking out. I think our top laner watched the whole thing happen and was just  like:   no way   oh my god   NO   FUCKING   WAY
0	THIS IS NOT ALWAYS TRUE.  SOURCE: JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE WITH MY BANK.   This isn't always true, because the fact of the matter is when you pay a bill with a debit card it is paid as a written check - hence not covered by overdraft protection/ blocking. I realised this after being hit with 2 $35 overdraft fees. I didn't argue it, because it honestly makes sense.
0	Saying liberals are the reason /r/politics is shitty isn't gonna solve anything and doesn't make you any better than the idiots over there posting/upvoting bad links.  What /r/politics subscribers need to do is stop voting links up/down based on conservative/liberal.  Right now a lot of them are down voting good, insightful links because they're conservative and up voting lying, manipulative links just because they're liberal.  Stuff like the Chick-Fil-A bullshit you see on Reddit a lot today, just a giant lie.
0	Fuck. I was that kid in middle school. I had a friend from my after school homework center place lend me his gundam wing game for PS1. I ended up losing it so I went to funcoland to try and get him another copy. The game costs $40, which was a fortune at the time and I couldn't afford it (this is when i decided to screw him over). I told him I lost the game and that ebay had a used copy for cheap and my older brother ordered it for me and it should come in a few days, it was during the last week of school. I played it off and ditched the last day so I wouldn't have to face him. I told my mom the homework center was just having a party for the last day and it wasn't mandatory to come.   Every once in a while I would remember this and fucking hate myself for it. The worse part about it was that this guy was nothing but nice to everyone. Kids would pick on him and he would still be their friend after.   Fast forward like 10 years. I was at a New Year Rave, some guy tap me on the back and holy shit it was this dude! It was a rave so we were both probably pretty fucked up and forgot about it. Still, this guy came up to me and hung out with me even after I pulled a dick move and jacked his game. A few days later I would again remember the game and regret the missed opportunity.   By some miracle many years later I had an art class with him. He recognize me and we had some small talk and it was one of those situation where he knows I jacked his game and I definitely know I jacked his game but never once did he brought it up. He even gave me his number to call in case I miss a class and needed the day's assignment. I knew that this was my chance to make it right. I waited for him after class. Honestly it was like trying to ask a girl out. I even practiced what I had to say, "Hey man, remember at the homework center we used to go to and that one time you let me borrow your gundam game? I totally jacked it from you dude and I feel terrible." he said that it was cool and just to forget about it. I insisted on getting him a new game, he didn't want it, but I insisted. I ended up getting him a new copy of L.A Noire. Feels good man.
1	I am sorry but CLG is looking SO BAD.. They are behind the meta, it just seems ( WHICH MEANS IN MY EYES/OPINION ) they are not adapting/training for anything new. The decisions they make looks so stupid and foolish.. If you pick a j4/karthus/ez/leona/orianna you think TSM isnt capable of thinking forward and will try to shut you down the sooner the better ? And even if that dindt went as easy as it went now they would have avoid every tf later game for sure.  They are missing team morale, it all looks to me as if they have a talk about bans and picks and after that they just go with it with the feeling "We'll see how this works out". They need some sort of push or something ( slap in the face ) like wake up, its time to switch things up ( and NO benching people is not gonna help ANYTHING )
1	I would not go as far as saying that Dignitas are scumbags but I would definitely say that Scarra's response was neither sportsmanlike nor gracious.   In all the finals I have seen, the loser has always acknowledged that they lost because of mistakes they made and also because the opponent simply played better. In the current instance, Scarra clearly disregarded how well TSM played and said they didn't prepare for the final and it was nothing that TSM did. This is clearly a lie as he previously said in the same interview that Dignitas probably practiced more that any other NA team, so why contradict yourself in the same interview just to downplay how well your opponent played? Scarra is a seasoned professional and he has played in enough tournaments to know the meaning of sportsmanship and being gracious even in defeat.   I think it was simply a case that Scarra felt embarrassed that he could not back up his predictions and not only that but the fact that the finals was a complete stomp. I remember the IEM Kiev final where TSM had expressed their desire to crush M5 but they ended up losing and as much as I know that burned Reginald in the interview he admitted that M5 played better.   If you were simply to look at Scarra's interview and Reginald's response, you might be inclined to say that Reginald's response was unnecessary but looking at Reginald's vlog and seeing that it was in fact a series of events stemming from before the match, to backstage and then to the interview, then I think Reginald's response although not very sportsmanlike was justified.
0	Not from the departments I've worked in. The budget is there, but the reasons aren't. I know people who don't work in IT like to say "Hurr durr XP is the worst ever how can people still use it" which makes sense, to a point. But what it comes down to is this: the computer world changes fast. The requirements of a business do not.   Think of it this way- in ten years, several new operating systems may come out, but the change in a school curriculum is going to be marginal. The only students that are going to notice the difference are the students that are going to figure new technology out on their own time anyway. How about at a large company? Most people that are using computers all day are going to be using ancient accounting software, cloud based team management software, email clients, text editors... none of those things need fancy upgraded systems.   So there's no reason from the usage perspective to upgrade. IT is busy enough wiping the gunk off your keyboards and clearing the thousands of icons off your desktops. Which brings up another important point, service. You know that fancy thing where you can log into any computer at work and have your files there? You know how all the programs in the building upgrade at the same time, so IT doesn't have to go around and update office and photoshop on ever machine individually? Well that's thanks to some very nifty features in Microsoft's operating systems. I'm no fan of the company and use Linux/OSX at home, but if you want to manage a bunch of computers nothing works like windows. And these features don't work as well in new operating systems! They haven't been tested! AAH it's all a mess and now IT is crying in a corner, [their workflow is broken]( and the tickets are piling up.   After all this, it's amazing that you're getting an upgrade at all. Well not so much, since Microsoft is forcing it on everyone by discontinuing support for XP.   A very long
1	What's worse is that his
0	It's mainly the absence of things that don't directly add to the content of the code. It's more of a move towards making code readable as well as efficient, since almost all code is meant to be read as well as executed. Since the standards of text include paragraphs and linebreaks and pages instead of brackets denoting end of text blocks, efficient use of whitespace helps replicate the natural break in text that indicates relationship between blocks of letters.
1	kennen, in general, shits on melee. This is because of his ability to poke/harass from a distance while not being touched. That being said, he is EXTREMELY easy to trade with IF you can trade due to his natural squishyness. It isn't until he gets his WoA that he can't be pushed out of lane.   Kennen in NO way will shit on GP since GP can trade with parley. It might be possible for him to stay at range and farm/poke with Q until he gets WoA or a chain vest (as part of hourglass), but that's hardly "shitting on the lane".
1	Riot usually does this because the servers are too occupied with regular games. Running a game for one player and ten players takes up roughly the same amount of resources. If you let ten players all play customs with one player it takes up a lot of server resources. If you let ten players play one game together, you only use the resources for one game.   I wish they would implement solo games where you can play offline too, but then this could be used by hackers to make the game non-dependent on Riot.
0	I genuinely appreciate you logically debating your points. The question here is not "do chromosomes have a high correlation to gender", or something like that.  Of course they do!  Generally if someone's chromosomes do not align with their apparent gender there is something wrong with them and they can't reproduce, etc.  The only issue that I have is that there are many-many people that choose to invalidate transgender people, say that "no matter how much hormones or surgery you have, you will never be a woman/man because of your chromosomes."   I understand why you are reasonably debating this, because the statement is generally true.  The only point I am trying to make is to say that it is the wrong question to ask.   People don't judge whether someone is "truly" a man or a woman based on chromosomes.  They don't do chromosome checks.  It is just something that people conveniently use to discriminate.  They can't say "fertility" because there are many men and women with fertility issues that they can accept as their gender.  So, their mind struggles to find something else.  My point was that "just like fertility validity, I know that you would accept certain people as the gender that they appear to be even if there chromosomes did not match too.  It is not the chromosomes, but something else going on in your head."   A scientific argument in this direction is a red herring.
1	very well put. the reason i mainly stay with tri-force is for the kiting and sustain that it gives him (Q proc sheen and slow from phage, auto, w, auto, q, auto etc). I usually don't mess around with PD because you alreay get the built in AS with tri-force, plus if you're hitting your Q's and initiate with ult, passive gives plenty of AS. I agree with you on the infinity edge though for sure, nothing makes an AD output quite like an IE.  I guess I just like to play him purely for his zone/kite abilities rather than using him as a straight up duelist. Seems like people who play him wanting super deeps go the PD/IE/LW route which serves their purpose well, though IMO, the sheen phage is to much utility to ignore on a great kite like ezreal. Cheers man!
0	No, you don't. The first week she starts, you get inundated with useless texts about the hilarious thing she saw in the produce section of the grocery store and the new, obvious thing she just learned on her phone (the day she learns to make smiley faces, shall be a loathsome experience).   Then, the useless messages continue, but she knows her phone better, so you don't get the "OMG!!! Did you know that you can download games on here??!" texts anymore. Now, you may think this is a good thing that she knows her phone better, but you are mistaken, my friend.   Now that she knows her phone better, she'll start to realize it may have more capabilities that she hasn't discovered. You will then begin to regularly receive the "Do you know if there's a way to..." texts. She'll then expect you to walk her through it and its your fault if something goes wrong or she gets confused.   After awhile, she becomes content and comfortable, so the number of useless messages go down. But, unlike friends or sexual interests, she will become very upset if you do not reply within a short timeframe, this will lead to, but not limited to, resending the text, sending a followup, calling, or dropping by cause she was "in the neighborhood". Oh yeah, mom? You were "in the neighborhood"? I live two hours away!!
0	TouchWiz is hated upon by the development/design community because of its horrible color palette and overall design quirks. For example, in the notifications pull-down, the top third of your screen will be taken up by permanent quick-toggles, a screen brightness slider, and (if you're on Verizon) a constant reminder to turn on wifi whenever it detects you're within range of one. People over at /r/Android (myself included) prefer the clean, uncluttered look of pure, stock Android over the cluttered mess that Samsung has made it. The best OEM skins are those that do not interfere too much: HTC's Sense has come a  long  way in this regard, as has Motorola's (their interface is essentially stock Android at this point).   However, the beauty of Android is that it's extremely easy to install a different launcher (such as [Nova]( that will customize your phone and homescreen to look and behave like stock Android, even though you may be running TouchWiz.
1	I honestly get the impression that "apathetic" is the best way to describe several of these NA teams' and players' attitudes. Players like Regi, Dyrus, Scarra, Hotshott, and many more top players, they've been playing league since the beginning, around 3 years now. I would be so burntout on this game if I were in their position. Hell, I for one have been playing only for  almost  one year and I'm getting pretty sick of it.   Many top NA players make plenty enough money just based on streaming. Thus, why work really hard at a game you are probably getting bored of in order to...win a title? Get an ego boost? The way I see it, there's no  real, good  reason that any of these teams should be motivated to become the best when they can remain decent (relative to the korean/eu pros, let's keep in mind they are still part of the top .05%) and still end up with 50-100k/year. One might have sentiments about how it could be fun to be the best, but when you already have such a good deal, why even care about it?   Plus, basically every pro player is still very young and very smart. They have their whole lives ahead of them and must know that they won't be doing this forever.This pro scene isn't like the NBA or the NFL or whatever, players there have dedicated their whole lives to their sport and turned it into a career. LoL pros have put in at most 3 three years of their lives into this. Why spend their time chasing after perfect mechanics? Why should they even care about intense practice schedules? Even if they wash up on the LoL pro scene, they have so many other opportunities they can chase in their lives if they want to.   Sorry this got long.
1	I'm not saying that you can't build him ADC. I do run hybrid marks and get sorc shoes when I play him. My point is that he doesn't scale well with your standard ADC build. He doesn't scale well with crit and the AD passive on his E doesn't scale with attack speed at all. This is why if you want to actually go AD thresh you build magic pen and straight AD. Your first attack will do tons of damage, but the rest won't be all that impressive.   An actually good build on him would be something like BT -> sorc shoes -> zephyr -> wits end -> hurricane -> anything you want.
0	After 25 + years of paying into unemployment I was laid off of a job because of corporate restructuring resulting in me going from bringing in $6500 a month to $1980 a month on unemployment.   I used the time while being unemployed to look for a new job and found one in 2 months. I 'made' $3800 before taxes on unemployment. I have paid in considerably more than that over the years. The unemployment checks allowed me to stay afloat while I spent 40+ hours per week submitting resumes and interviewing. Cleaning up trash on the highway would have severely screwed up that time
0	fusion power would completely and utterly revolutionise how our entire world works. it's as simple as:     get water   get hydrogen from water   fuse hydrogen   put heat through already existing turbines   POWER!   Repeat from step 1     It is almost infite free energy, that would massively overpower everything. Paying too much for heating? nope, cause in theory fusion power would just keep running, so net profit!
0	Anyone can claim a religious affiliation to any extent of orthodoxy   This is a desperate last-ditch attempt to be allowed to wear a beard, but there is a legal definition of "religious affiliation" and you're required to meet it to get an exemption. You can't just claim you're a Muslim or something and therefore can't shave. You need the assertion of a religious organization to qualify. I, personally, have terminated people for lying about their religious affiliation in order to get around rules (though not at Publix). It's a real thing, it really happens.
0	I clearly was the only white colored Indian in my class.... and judging by anyone one of those damn examples I gave, anyone would know that I am sympathetic to the suffering of a minority when it comes to issues of hate and racism.   Are you just going to breeze by the fact that you first assumed that i was a racist white person?   Also, let's just take a moment to realize that my negative experience on many reservations in Idaho and Washington are turning me into a bad guy.
1	While watching high-elo streams I saw some awesome things people could do with Riven out of curiosity I wanted to know how they do it, I stumbled over a Video that shows what kind of animation cancelling you can do with her it's far beyond the animation cancelling other champions usually can, so huge congratuliations to everybody who can pull those amazing things of  but  the problem with it is that her skills can just come out insanely fast and in very quick succession thus dealing lots of damage (some might even want to say:  Tons of Damage ) in a very short time this leaves the space for counterplay incredibly small causing threads like this one and being very frustrating to play against a good Riven will also get catched very easily. Riven's kit can  if executed properly  be very good at dueling enemies and evading enemies, her 3rd Q can jump over walls (which isn't easy to do, at least not for me), she has a shield that is combined with a gap closer an with the right animation cancelling almost instant stun and an Ultimate which executes very well and increases the range of her abilities and auto attacks. The overall counterplay to her kit is very limited as most of her abilities are most instant e.g. her stun you can just E and then W stunning the enemy for 0.75 seconds while shielding which should give you enough protection to reach your 3rd Q stack to knock the enemy up combined with a few auto attacks and maybe a Tiamat or Hydra this should be enough to bring the enemy very low making her Ultimate very dangerous as it is almost impossible to evade it as it moves as fast as the old Zed Shadow (around 2000 Missile Speed) making it incredibly hard to dodge especially for people with slower reactiontime or not so good internet connection. All this make her a frustrating enemy to face, especially if the player behind it is very good with the animation cancelling.
0	When I asked my ex about his previous relationships, all he said was that "it didn't work out and they've moved on." I thought, "Okay... That's a good answer."   2 years later, our relationship ends in one of the messiest ways possible and he breaks up with me via text message. Then I realized he probably f*cked over his previous exes as well and I'll just be another one of those it-didn't-work-out-girls.
1	many things...     first things first, if you can't play every position with a few solid champions, don't play ranked. get good with strong champs first in all positions.     top: rumble, kennen, yorick, irelia, lee sin, udyr, gp, vlad. all great tops.   mid: cass, ahri, xerath <- they all take time to learn, or alternatively, you can play ryze or sion or morg.   jungle: lee, rammus, udyr, skarn   AD carry: graves, sivir, cait (for early game dominance), trist/vayne (late game carries)   support: ali, sona, janna, taric, sor (if you need explanations for each, just ask)       secondly, if you believe your ranked abilities are better than others, then play a solo lane. easiest way to carry yourself out of "elo hell". i specifically recommend playing mid/top/jungle, in that order.     if you play mid, you can dominate mid, push the lane, and gank top and bot, easing pressure on all lanes. it is the most influential position (at least in low elo where i'm rising.)   if you play top, you can win your lane hard and pressure the jungler and mid to help top. if you just ward up you will kill more often than die. by relieving pressure on other lanes, you automatically add value to your team.   if you play jungle, you can help the lanes that are having trouble, and if you're a great jungle, you will keep timers on all the buffs, counter jungle occasionally, and ward up a storm. as much as you can do right, if all the other lanes fail, you will more often than not still lose. this is because you have less gold to carry the game with, your job is simply to disrupt and prevent shit.       third, you need to study up on how to counter ppl. riven is super strong early and singed is weak until catalyst. simply by that virtue alone, if you were of equal skill, you would lose that lane. know your match ups, and try to counter them as best you can.       i could go on about game etiquette and how to go after objectives, but that would take a million more words.
1	Don't know why this man is getting down voted. Must be the fan boys i guess.   On a serious note, the problem is chauster and hotshots (or the teams) passive play style. As soon as one of them get behind they are irrelevant the rest of the game. Look at the TSM game, hotshot didn't learn from his mistake and chauster had like 50 cs  and barely any assists. On top of that link had more health than him 20 minutes in.   Link and DL have shown that they can hold their own. I'm not hating on hotshot, he is a great player but farming until 40minutes isn't possible anymore. If they don't adapt hotshot needs to seriously consider benching himself.   In regards to Link, he is a fabulous player (maybe not jiji's yet). The problem is he is relatively new scene but that is also his strength because he puts off a more innovative vibe.
1	Maximum total damage of Orianna, assuming Q was used twice and all other spells hit the enemy once: 2*(180+0.5 AP)+250+0.7 AP+180+0.3 AP+300+0.7 AP = 1090 + 2.7 AP   Compared to other AP champions who all have the assassin tag (all spells used once in these calculations):   Leblanc: 310+0.8 AP+245+0.6 AP+280+1.0 AP+600+1.3 AP = 1435 + 3.7 AP   Ahri: true damage:140+0.35, magic damage:140+0.35 AP+224+0.64 AP+180+0.35 AP+450+0.9 AP = 994 + 2.24 AP, amplified by 20% from E's effect. Total is 1192.8+2.688 AP magic damage and 140+0.35 AP true damage, which adds up to 1332.8+3.038 AP total damage.   Katarina: 235+0.6 AP+180+0.25+160+0.4+750+2.5 = 1325+3.75 AP   This is assuming ideal positioning for Orianna, like if the target was between you and your ally so that you could get the damage from E flying through them. Without that her max damage is 910+2.4 AP   Bonus: Annie full combo: 220+0.8 AP+250+0.85 AP+425+0.8+35+0.2 AP (1 second of Tibber's aura) = 930 + 2.65 AP. If you have the CDR to land another Q it goes up to 1150+3.45 AP   Heck, Syndra's ult alone deals 900 + 1.0 AP if you've summoned 2 dark spheres.
1	I came here to post "XD"
1	Issue happens when the window focus is not on the LoL window (like if you were browsing or something) and the game starts the loading screen.  If you keep the focus on the LoL before the game starts, no issue.
1	One great idea, i heard GuardsmanBob saying that one way to rework the honor system would be like this: If you do the First Blood in a match or something like whenever you kill someone with your ult, a global taunt should be played by that champion (Example, Cho'Gath kills Teemo with his ult, all players should hear an "NomNomNomNom!!!").   And for this to be played you should have an amount of honor points (that decrease after is used, and if you want more of this to be played you have to receive more honor points and so on, something like a form of currency 10 honor points for one global taunt).I don't really know the details, but i think its a great idea.   All credits to GuardsmanBob.
1	Zyra is a pretty strong Jungler, and she with red buff and she long range auto attack can easily slow ur opponent and easier to hit the grasping roots. Zyra can jungle without losing health thank to her plants after lv2. She is also very easy to carry games because people won't expect that much damage from a "support" Jungler. She can 1 shot ADC or APC pretty easily.
1	Nah it does not offend me, I do even agree with your stand point. But if you manage to be way shorter and more pregnant with your text and find a better
0	I used to work at AT&T so I did the math regularly. I actually was working while getting my CS degree so I did the math for fun, and helped coworkers and customers understand it all the time. NOTE: All of this assumes that you are NOT an a grandfathered plan and are instead on the new Mobile Share Value plan. If all of your lines aren't sharing the same data pool, none of this will apply to you.  EDIT: This also may be outdated since it's been nearly a year since I've worked there. I know Verizon's plans just recently changed to be a bit cheaper, idk where AT&T's at.   The math is simplest when you consider the total discount you're getting at various places. They'll all have different upfront/monthly costs, but the format is simple enough and the discounts are easy to point out.   Option 1: Contract. You get an upfront discount on your phone. In MOST cases, this is a $450 discount. Everything else is going to be charged in full, including the $40 contract fee and the $40 line cost per month.   Option 2: Installment. These don't come with interest charges so again, the discount is easy to calculate. First, the $40 contract fee is waived since you aren't buying into a contract. Second, it depends on which share plan you're on. If you have less than 10GB, then the line you're considering this phone purchase for gets a $15 discount each month. If it's 10GB or higher, it's a $25 discount each month. So depending on the plan it's $40 + ($360 or 600) = $400 or $640 discounted.   Option 3: Buy the phone yourself from a third party source, without a contract, and not full price from the carrier. Get the exact same plan discount as the Next option, in addition to what you saved on the phone.   Benefits of each option:   1) You tend to get a smaller monthly cost since you paid a "down payment" up front.   2) No down payment, and for families this usually ends up costing less than a contract. In fact, I convinced my parents do move to a 10GB plan on Verizon's equivalent More Everything plan, because we have 5 people on the plan and 4GB ends up costing more than 10GB once you have 4 people on the plan. They just have to be careful to budget for the slightly higher monthly price to offset the lack of down payment.   3) Largest upfront cost, but this is the least expensive option in the long run.
1	You find the most ridiculous people in any type of matches, blind or draft. In blind they insta lock and in draft, the rule is whoever types the fastest is the winner! To me that is as ridiculous as the people typing "First" every chance they get. If you insta lock a champion that is one dimensional, you are kind of a dick, imo.   If you absolutely want to play a specific champion or position, why not go to chat and look for a few other people who don’t want to play mid at all. Or even, when you join a game, start by saying hello before you start spamming position and decide on more than one position or champion you are willing to play if you don't get your first pick.   Compromising isn't always a bad thing. Your team will have a much better chance of winning, and especially having fun, if you don't join a game so hard headed.
1	If your default state is being toxic, that's pretty much on you, not anyone or anything else.   The reason you shouldn't be toxic is because all you're doing is ruining the game for yourself  and  for others, and if you're being restricted repeatedly, it might be because the system is processing all your reports gradually rather than as a lump sum. Like it or not, if you were bad enough to warrant punishment, it's your own fault, and by continuing to be toxic you're building yourself up to an account ban.   You know you were toxic. The chat logs might show you exactly  where , but you already know you were. If rational, calmly-worded tickets to Riot Support isn't getting them for you, that's not any justification for continued poor behavior.
0	I agree, and that means most people shouldn't be making fun of anything/talking shit about anyone/whatever in order to invite the opportunity of a fight.  If you do, you should be ready to face physical consequences.
0	Marxism was like the original, most complete form of communism, where there is no government whatsoever and the working class has risen up to conquer the bourgeosie (basically factory owners or middle class) and everyone is equal. Socialism is where the government controls all business but people can still own private property. Capitalism is basically every man for himself, where those who succeed are rewarded financially and those who fail are stuck in poverty. In reality, all of these systems don't exist exactly as they are. Complete Marxism and complete capitalism are equally infeasible.   Source: Honors History class, in high school. (I have a 4.5 GPA... I think I'm pretty reliable, regardless of my education)
0	Also, stop voting strictly based on social issues. Who gives a crap who you're marrying, if you have no freedom and no money, you're not going to have a good time being married. Vote at local levels, and work your way up. Look out for your neighbors as you would family. Inform yourself daily on happenings in the world. And for the love of all things holy, inform yourself from more than one news source, AND THEN don't trust a thing you hear from any of them. Bought media is propaganda. Nazis, communists and dictators use/used propaganda to influence the people, if you think it's not happening to you right now, you are as blind and stupid as you think the other side is. I'm not saying that we're Nazi Germany, The USSR or anything like that. I'm saying we have the potential to head that direction, quickly (like anyone else does). Also, if you haven't taken the time to read/understand the Constitution, make that a priority. Aaaaand I sound like my crazy conspiracy-theorist Aunt. I need a beer.
1	I love how reddit is agreeing with freeze, based on freeze's opinions. Both k0u and freeze are obviously completely opposed from each other and therefore completely biased. None of the stuff they say could even be close to the truth. Reddit like always, looks at stuff as if it was obviously someone's fault when most likely 90 percent of the shit that goes wrong in this world its both side's fault. I really hope some day people get that shit isn't just black and white.
1	since pulsefire ez is from the future and suppose to relate to creator [viktor]( maybe it's possible that ez traveled to the future and witnessed the destruction caused by the void, and when he saw viktor he blamed him and now viktor comes back to create these battlecast "monsters" to stop the destruction of the void.
0	me and my cousin were doing a stupid vlog documentary about being a loser...funny thing is, his vision kept constantly changing, and his thirst for water increased...we later found out he was diabetic. When he came home with his list of diabetic symptoms he said there an read them off while i was reviewing the video...they matched up perfectly it was scary.
0	I too have never heard of them until this ordeal.  I used their restaurant locator to find if there were any in my state and there were not which explains why. It is a restaurant chain most popular in the south-eastern united states. Flordia, Texas, North Carolina, and Georgia account for over 40% of their total restaurants. Only about 1/5th of the restaurants are actually owned by the company the rest are franchised establishments. Ten states have no locations at all.
0	How is this not sorted yet, Everyone put the seat and lid down before you flush.   No nasty spray out into the room, everyone puts in the same amount of effort.
1	I agree with you, this was my reply to this post   To be perfectly honest i love facing Fiora as a top laner. Yes she becomes untargetable when she ults but thats why you learn how to counter play it. I personally like to take someone like a shen or lissandra against her and grab exhaust. When she dashes towards me i either e-taunt her right away as shen so that she takes a lot of minion aggro and i automatically win the trade or of I'm liss i w-stun her as soon as she comes in and then auto q auto kite. If I'm irelia, i e-stun then w and q away. If she comes close to me again i do the same, yes she may put dmg onto me but she can only kill you with her ult if you're low in health and if thats the case be prepared to exhaust her as soon as she dashes in because she will ult.
0	I recently had this asshat blow a red light as I was going through an intersection; he cut me off as he turned in front of me.  A short distance down the road, he turns on his right turn signal.  I'm thinking he's either going to turn at the light or pull over (perhaps he realized what he did and needed a moment to collect himself).  So he slows and starts pulling to the right hand side of the road--looks like he's pulling over, so I start passing him when suddenly he jerks his car to the left and makes an illegal U-turn RIGHT FUCKING IN FRONT OF ME AGAIN.
1	Wanted to buy a ticket but the lower deck starcraft tickets are sold out? Maybe early bird tickets are sold out? Seems like a success to me. I have no idea. Also, why on the ticketmaster site aren't the tickets labeled for what event/seating they are for? Its a really bad/confusing experience trying to buy tickets.
0	At a recent Halloween party me and my boyfriend went as Bob and Louise Belcher from Bob's burgers. He normally sports a beard but for the costume he shaved it all off except for a mustache.   I literally spent 3 days straight sewing my costume from scratch (I screwed up the ears, super sad about that) yet all he did was shave his beard and throw on an apron and EVERYONE was raving about his mustache and his costume. I can understand but still, after all that work sewing my costume my sore fingers and back were none too happy about all the attention his mustache got.
1	It doesn't really matter what game it is though, the fact that it happens in every single game doesn't make it better. All I can tell everyone who is leveling a new account is to play to become better, not to win. Winning is nice, everyone wants to win. But if you play to get better, you will get a different attitude towards losing lane than when you play to win.   Out of my own experience, I've asked my 2.1k+ elo friends to lane against me and not hold back, this was back when I was 1300. I just had them utterly destroy me in lane, but I did not care. I saw how someone better than me laned. I saw how to punish mistakes more effectively. I saw how people snowball lanes. I felt what it's like to be pressured so hard that you can't do anything but sit on turret trying to get your last hits, waiting for them to dive since they poke you down under your turret.   When I had them do this for a period of time I just started to realize what I should do to improve, and heck I improved a lot in a short period of time. From being someone who always lost lanes in inhouses with friends, I suddenly started going even with 1700 elos. I started raising my elo, I became a better player who now has more fun at a higher Elo.
1	try to not get hit too often.. lasthit with ur spells alot.. if enemy plays rly offensive ask ur jungler for a gank so u can get abit off farm.. mostly ur goal is to get lvl 6 with kassa without falling behind too far.. as diana its the same but u can farm alot better with her Q + u wont suffer so much from autoattacks with ur W. once u hit level 6 as diana u should be scary enough for them - if they miss skills just go for some herass and maybe for the kill. as kassa u should try to poke with ult->silence and back off...
0	Good on you brother! It makes me happy when people finally get out of abusive relationships, be it the guy or girl aggressor.   I was stuck in an abusive relationship a few years back. I was dating this girl (I was 24, she was 27) and we ended up moving in together after almost a year of living at her mother's house.   She was one of those crazies, that once you sleep with them the first time, they "unleash the beast" so to say.   We were in a studio apt for about 6months, where I was the only one working as she couldnt keep a job. Due to her either being fired for drinking on the way to work or just sucked at the job. I wasnt allowed to have female friends, I wasnt allowed to talk to my ex gfs, I wasnt allowed to talk to anyone online while playing video games, I was on lock down.. When she actually managed to get a job, I caught her numerous times "leaving early for work" to get extra hours only to find out she was going to the liquor store on the way to work to get a 350ml of vodka to drink on the way to her job.   I worked at Coke at the time and was making about $11/hr @ 50+ hours a week, she would complain that she had to drop me off at the plant at 6am and come pick me up at 4-5pm when I got done with my route (I drove a bay truck and stocked vending machines all damn day). She also demanded sex at least 2-3 times every day (which after damn near 12 hour shift of slinging cases of coke five days a week, was really hard on me.) Damn near every night I had to walk across the street to the corner store to buy her a pack of cigs and a stupid four Loko or two. I  thought  I was in love even though all the signs were there and my friends/family telling me it was a huge joke to be in that relationship.   I wanted to leave all the time, but I was stuck. I had no where to go, no one to run to. No car. She was my only way to get to work.   Near the end (the last 2-3months before I left) the neighbors called the cops on us at least 12 times in that span. Every night the cops were there, they'd make  ME  leave because she was always drunk, even though I was the one paying rent, but she owned the car, which I wasnt allowed you use when I was told to leave for the night. One night I was forced to leave at around 2am, so I walked for an hour and a half and took a nap in the breakroom at the Coke plant.   The last straw for me was the night she started swinging at me in a drunken rage. Soon after the cops were there. I had scratches and bruises on my face, neck, and legs. My shirt was torn off and in pieces on the floor. She went absolutely ape shit. The cops did a quick investigation, saw the cans of beer on her side of the bed, took her outside and arrested her for Domestic Family Violence. She spent the night in jail and was released the next morning on a $1800 bail through a bondsman. The apt management came the following morning to serve us eviction papers and told us they werent valid yet unless the cops were to show up one more time, that was it. I told the lady, "Its fine, Im leaving tomorrow anyways". That day I went down to the office took my name off the paperwork, had my parents come and help me load up my stuff (I had everything, TV, Bed, Chairs, Table, dishes. Everything was mine.) I left her that day in an empty apt, no money, no job. Just left her high and dry. Havent spoke to her since. Got a new phone and changed my number.   Now Im dating a wonderful single mother of 2. Her ex husband put her through pretty much the same shit, then walked out on them. Her kids love me, and always ask her when Im gonna come around to play. I couldnt be more happy now.
0	I didn't realize how many people cared about this stuff. People shit, shit stinks, they'll understand. It's not like you went in there with the purpose of leaving their bathroom smelling like shit.
1	This is actually how I started playing league. I asked a friend of mine that had played for a while which champs were never used or UP. I ended up learning champs like karma, lb, and ori(right after the range nerf). When I ran out of champs like them I started playing ad's as ap like tristana, ezreal, mf.   I did it because it was more fun than just picking the same 30 champs that everyone else picks. These picks also offered different playstyles. Lastly, it's because I never wanted my wins to feel hollow because I was exploiting an op champ or item, i.e. stacking cleavers last patch.
1	This is a complete guess, but Nydus might have thought that Doublelift wanted to leave Thresh open so that Nydus would pick it. The logical reason for wanting him to pick it being that he wasn't afraid of it, and Thresh is a strong champion so that would mean he just wasn't afraid of Nydus.
1	Enjoyed the TSM invitational immensly (enough to subscribe), due in no small part to the incredibly entertaining casting crew that kept it running so smoothly.  The ARAM's that filled the time between matches were often as entertaining and fun to watch (and listen to) as the matches themselves.  So I'm glad that you wrote a post here where I could conveniently express my thanks.   I understand that things are changing up a bit in S3, but I can only hope that there will be events where you and the rest of the invitational crew will be able to contribute to the game.   Without trying to feed the trolls, I don't understand why this thread is being downvoted at all.  If you didn't watch the invitational and don't know the casters, you can just leave this thread be, having a variety of announcers beyond Phreak, Deman, Joe "Joe Miller" Miller, Jatt, and Rivington should not be threatening.  These guys brought a style to the game that was unique and fun, whether or not you watch much of the NA scene.  I don't take a steaming pile on posts about Arenaea's recent casting or Fnatic roster change posts simply because I don't follow their scene and feel they don't deserve to clutter up my front page.
0	As a server in a large corporate restaurant, this advice is totally unnecessary. The people working at restaurants need that money and (most of the time...obviously there are exceptions) work hard for it. Servers usually make less than (often a lot less than) 5 bucks an hour, and so depend on your tip to pay their bills. Even if the kitchen  did  try to just give you back the same plate (which they really don't do. The movie Waiting is not a good representation of what happens in restaurants.), your server would likely notice and make them do it over. Most restaurant cooks would rather just redo the food than deal with trying to pass it off and then have to redo it anyway. On top of that, if a manager is notified, there's no way you'll get the same food. And most servers will notify a manager because the managers can do more to make the customer happy (discounts, coupons, etc.) than the server is capable of. Happy customers = better tips (unless you're a dick).
0	However, through the vast majority of history, humans didn't "need" as much muscular strength as males today have. In fact, the prevailing theory now is that human males are significantly more muscled than females not because it was necessary for day-to-day survival, but instead was sexually selected for by women! Similarly to how curvier women (larger breasts and rumps) indicated a healthy, fertile female (although not strictly "necessary" to survival), thus large muscles served men. Evidence:   Women would have been-and are- expected to carry their full weight in a communal society, and the male's added muscle was there mostly for show.  Interestingly, human males also don't "need" as long of penises as they have- erect gorilla penises are only 2.5 inches! Men's penis size, again- sexual selection.  Source:
1	One day i played Vi and i was ridiculous fed so i did take everyone on the other team 1v1 and 2v1, and i was just farming me up in their jungel then i find fizz and i was like ''Let's try him'' and i was hammring on him like nothing coud stop me and then he used his E (trickster) when i ulted as Vi and my ult didn't work and it's get on cooldown. And he laugh he's ass off since i didn't get the kill.
0	I whole heartedly agree, I suffered from a break up a year and a half ago, started bad taking a few months in, started taking to a new girl at school, she turned out to knowmy ex, relayed what I said back, ended up being one of the most hurtful days I've ever experienced, I regret every word, even though I did kinda feel that way, telling a person I didn't really know about it wasn't right.
1	I side with Thorin in this view. It's nice that you say you are sorry, but more important than apologizing is... don't do it again.   If you prove yourself to be a good guy, are nice to people around you, and don't say rude stuff, slowly peoples respect will build up. Your past will then be forgiven as people move on.
0	Nah man, because students can use 3 or 4 different types of our parking spots.  SO 1. the school oversells student spots.  OK, this sucks.  Except that they can park in the lots where the majority of the employees at the University park.  THEN they oversell the Employee decals. To make things worse, employees (labeled OPS; makes up the majority of the staff at the university) are limited to 1 type of parking lot; green.  OK one may say, thats OK if there are enough spots to cover people whos job it is to keep the university running smothly.  BUT, here's the kicker.  You need to know WHICH green lot to park in.  Some are designated for Graduate students, and, even though the lot is green, and I just paid a TON of money to park in green spaces, I get a $30.00 ticket for not parking in the right garage.  THESE GARAGES ARE NOT SIGNED "graduate students only".  No, its trial and error.  SO, these employees are limited to 1 lot (which we share with residents and grad students, even though they have their own garage that is NEVER full) and 1 street that we can park on in BFE.  So no, it isnt necessarily "Better" because, Being this type of employee, we dont have to be given a reason to be fired..Oh, you are late for 3 days now because parking is a nightmare?  Too bad, out of a job.  At least students (and this is at MY university) have many more options for parking than staff.  What NEEDS to happen is that Universities need to ONLY sell enough decals for the number of spots they have.  But that would be responsible and they couldnt suck every last dime out of everyone in the vicinity of the University that way, could they?
1	Basically you're screwed. Because of both the gold advantage and the psychological toll.   Your best option is to try to focus on bringing one lane "back to his feet" so that they can start trying to help you. You should try to help a lane that has snowballing potential and the ability to roam well.
1	The way that team functions is weird. Tsm is pretty straight forward. Funnel resources into Bjergsen if their opponent camps him then you have Turtle who can and is able to almost always carry a game. You focus him and Dyrus can even go off. It's like this three headed dragon where even Santorin can pull off shit. Too many threats to neutralize.   Looking at WFX you neutralize POB it's done cause their top is a lost cause and Altec can't carry two losing lanes and a losing jungler. It's like a two headed dog on their end. They need to bring in someone that can hold their own in top or a jungler that can make the other team back pedal.
0	I'm so sick and tired of you pretentious little people. Lets get a few things in order here. For starters, who are you to say what vehicle other people should drive and by what standards they should drive that vehicle? Anybody can drive like an aggressive asshole regardless of which vehicle they choose to endanger everybody else in. I see mini-vans, SUVs, coupes, sedans, pick-ups, and vans all driving aggressively. It doesn't matter which vehicle they're in.   You don't get to decide why somebody buys their vehicle. If they want a vehicle specifically because it looks cool, then why not? Don't you want something that looks nice to you? Whether you need to haul a large amount of things, or just need something to get yourself from point A to point B as cheaply as possible, it doesn't matter your reason it's your vehicle and you can get whatever the heck you want without people judging you.   I personally think Mini-vans are ugly as hell and I would never buy one, but they're extremly convenient and you can fit a ton of kids in them. Not to mention the rear area is accessible through a sliding door which is great because your kids or yourself won't accidentally open it into another car parked next to you. This can happen easily on a windy day when your door acts as a kite. The point is you drive what you want and/or need and don't give a shit up what I think of you or anybody else on the road thinks because  it doesn't matter .   I drive a pick-up truck, work it IT, and live in SoCal. My F150 gets like 15 MPG but you know what? It's extremely convenient. I replied to another person in this thread about all the great things I can do with it. The beauty of a pickup is they can take anything anywhere. There are other vehicles that have a lot of storage capacity but nothing short of a moving van will beat a pickup in pure cargo bay size.   I can throw all my camping gear into the bed of my truck easily and it's so much easier to access it from a bed. I can also drive off the beaten path to find the nicest camping spot. I can even throw a BBQ grill in there as well. If I want to move to a new house or buy new furniture I can do so with ease. I was able to fit almost 2000 pounds of dry-wall in my truck to remodel this house. I fill the bed of my truck up with wood throughout the week and have weekend bonfires which I've been oranizing every Saturday night for the past 6 months.
1	The game shouldn't have been remade because Aatrox bug has been around since before Worlds. So, either disable Aatrox or shut up. If they restarted the game right when freddy said, what would be the idea? Restart over and over if the bug kept happening? Darien would have to pick another champion? Well that would be unfair since many many teams have used Aatrox and Darien had no warning that Aatrox would be disabled.
1	Team MRN is not "my team".  I don't live and die with their wins or losses.   Marn, you can come off as shady at times, which is likely as much a fault of your personality, as it is my reaction to it.  This is NOT one of those times.   Though I don't  care  about team Marn I do find myself increasingly interested in them.  To steal a boxing term, in any given match they seem to have a fighting chance.  More often than not the team will get the dog food beat out of them, but those times when they succeed, make the victory all the sweeter for the struggle.   I admire your pluck and hope, even if the team is relegated out of the LCS at the end of the season, that you and your team will stick it out.  Long term goals vs. short term successes/failures.
1	I'm no pro but seems like your question is asking how to be recruited. Recruitment pretty much works the same way across all fields, whether it be a job, sport, or esport.   The first and most important part to recruitment is exposure and publicity. How is a recruiter supposed to know you're any good or even pay the slightest attention to you? Well first thing is he/she has to know you exist. Advertise stream, make your stream stand out to a point that you have a solid viewer base. Of course there are pros that might have gotten recruited by other means, but in my opinion that is a good place to start.   Secondly, let's think about the reasons a recruiter would think that you could be a valuable asset to their team. Put yourself in the shoes of the recruiter. What would you look for if you were a recruiter. Well right off the bat, I could imagine your main role to be pretty important. Judging by your name, your main role is the mid lane. A team that is looking for a support will probably opt to go with a support main.   Lastly, say you get the attention of a recruiter and your role is what they're looking for to fill a team? Showcase your abilities. I like to compare league with basketball a lot of the time as I find them to have a lot in common. 5 roles, and they all work together to get the win. A recruiter looking for a point guard is at your game, and you're a point guard. What do you do? You try, try and try your hardest to impress them. Of course with league (and even basketball) it's damn near impossible to tell whether a recruiter is watching, so solution is just to continually play at your best!   Also, starting your own team is always an option. With that said, I would love to watch your stream! You can PM me. Looking forward to hearing about your success, and good luck!
0	Thats not a swastika, this is a swastika](   [This is the Nazi swastika](
0	Background: My wife is nearly fluent in sign language. I, on the other hand, knew almost no sign language when we met. Soon after we got to the 'I love you stage' in our relationship, she started signing it to me. Having noidea how to say 'I love you too' in sign language, I put up two fingers like a peace sign.. AKA the number two. So, this has been a long standing way for us to say 'I love you too.' One says 'I love you' and the other just says or signs 'two.'   Now, our two year old has apparently picked up on this. Because she likes to randomly throughout the day say 'Two mama' or 'Two dada.' Naturally, our hearts melt and we respond with 'Love you too, kiddo.'
1	I disagree.  Although engineers stand a better chance at getting a job than most fields these days, it is naive to assume that the competitive aspect of pr gaming is exclusive to gaming.  Getting a job is a lot harder without an excessive amount of money, time and effort spent on education these days.  The amount of money/time/effort put into becoming an engineer could also be put into becoming a pro gamer.   The only thing that I beg you take heed of, Villinatorzz, is that LoL wont always be the #1 top played game.  If you spent the next few years playing hard enough, and learning as much as it took, to be a pro LoL player, then you might only have a short while to stay there.  I'm sure that another game will take LoL's place in another 4 years or so, and the best money will be put into that.  Technology, and by extension, games are growing rapidly.  You'll have to do a lot of learning and playing, in order to keep up, but I'm sure you can to it, if that's what you truly desire.   Good luck in either direction.
0	I'm a recovering heroin addict and I've lost alot of friends to overdoses. It's sad when someone you care about dies. I didn't watch Glee, I didn't even know who this guy was until he died. But he had friends and family that loved him. I feel bad for them. Also I feel like if they make these deaths more mainstream then maybe it will deter one kid from trying dope or whatever.
0	While playing outside and having adventures is good fun, I feel that a lot of such perceptions come from nostalgia, and not the fact that they're inherently better. When you were younger, things you did probably carried more 'weight', and this all aggregated into your definition of your childhood. Similarly, your brother has different things that that also carry 'weight' and make up  his  childhood.   Ultimately, its about striking a balance, but that balance is different for everyone, as certain people place priority over different hobbies and activities.   Remember how nostalgic and old your elders seemed, always talking about how back in their day, things were different etc etc? You're just going to become as bitter and resentful as them if you don't understand that as society and technology changes, interests and definitions of fun do as well.
0	Some people define it as the same issue.  That is the problem.  Define death.   I have always thought of death as the stopping of a heartbeat.  So, I consider abortion to be murder around the 6 week mark because that is when a heartbeat starts.   Others say you can't die until you are born, so for them abortion is never murder. What is being born though?  If the baby is "halfway" out can you still abort it or would that be murder?   Others define death as the ceasing of neural activity so for them trimester 3 (~ 6 mos. when neural activity starts).  If death is the absence of neural activity than some people in comas/on life support should be considered dead (true of the heartbeat thing too, I admit).   I think it is perfectly acceptable for any of these people to advocate their stance publicly.  They believe murder is occurring everyday unpunished, and believe it is tragic.
1	No annotations this time, see when you dont rush the
1	Well it does have to deal with /r/leagueoflegends but yeah it was already on the front page before with his
0	While I agree that there is an implied request for eye attention when sporting something with flashy lettering or imagery on the well-fit rear of a pair of pants, there is a certain etiquette to follow that definitely helps one to not feel like a creep and to not appear like a creep to others.   1) It's definitely OK to look. We have eyes and we certain aesthetics are pleasing for a very good reason; It's completely natural to enjoy looking at the nice features of other people   2) If you look, just enjoy the brief moment during which you can gaze upon their lovely feature. You shouldn't be straining to see or looking back over your shoulder. Enjoy what's been put before you in a polite and mostly-discrete manner.   3) If the person whose feature you are appreciating sees your fixated eyes, make sure to give them a gentle, friendly smile and perhaps see yourself out of the situation if the attention does not seem as appreciated as you were hoping.
0	I don't think this is just about women.. But i will say talking about your problems isn't about getting answers. It truly is about venting and having someone listening and trying to relate. I think its completely rude to give advice to someone assuming they need it, and that they can't solve them on their own, and that them telling you about them is somehow seeking someone else to fix things for you instead of just having someone to talk to and not feel so alone in your troubles.
1	I've played hundreds of games as Zed, and I think these changes are a fantastic step in the right direction. He clearly needed a nerf, and they just made him harder to play without gutting his damage.   Before, if you used your ult on a Vayne, she would Condemn you back, and you could just swap right back to where she was. Also, putting the shadow on the target allowed you to hit the double E very easily granting the amplified slow, which then made it easier to land the double Q.   With the new changes, if you sacrifice the gap closer part of his ult and use it from melee range, its pretty  much the same as before. If you want to use it as a gap closer, then you still can use your W shadow to get the double E and Q off, but you obviously lose the W as an escape mechanism. That being said though, the ult shadow that you left behind will let you escape anyway.
1	I played with two 15 year olds yesterday and they started out by telling me what champ to pick and when it was too late to pick a different champ, he goes and says "gg report nid" and then his friend starts the game telling me to "spear the bush, bitch" and does not stop calling me a bitch. Probably because I was playing a female champ. I told him "shut up, kid" and he says he confirms they are 15 and asks me if I have my permit. This is when I start telling him he's immature and when I tell him I'm 21, of course he thinks I'm lying. He says "that'd be the age I'd say if I were lying" I told him to go ask his daddy what Glenlivet was. The community only bashes on the kids because they like to reveal that they are immature, rebellious, teenage pricks.
0	I tried out these Pringles Fat-Free chips because they were super low-cal. BBQ flavor. the fuck.   The can said they had 70 calories per serving, which meant the whole can had 490 calories inside total. I could munch through a can in a day with my lunch, dinner, etc. So I got several cans, and began enjoying one a day for the past four days. But what they dont fucking tell you...   Except in tiny print you cant read without a fucking electron microscope   ...is that the primary ingredient is something called "olean" which I have since learned is Latin for "Unwashable & Indestructible Ass Grease."   Oh Yeah. I'm not even kidding.   So today, while I'm standing in the living room debating whether or not Laundry or Dishes will get done first, I get the urge to fart. I live alone, so sweet. I let the honk loose and its wrong. Something just sounded wrong. I know my own wind, and I have never farted a sound that sounded like a fart wrapped in a pillow.   Oh yes, something was very wrong. I had just shat myself. But this evil olean makes shitting yourself sound almost like a regular fart, and had I not been particularly attentive, it could easily have gone unnoticed, I'm telling you. THAT's how utterly covert and evil this olean stuff is. What the fuck?! What if I'd gone out to hang with friends or gone for a drive, what then?   So I walk carefully to the bathroom and disrobe. before I even sit on the toilet, I wad paper and carefully wipe from the front. Sure enough, it was light brown, and had the texture of soft spackle. You fucking Pringle bastards.   I sat down and pushed a bit, and lo, out came a jet that I didnt even feel an urge for one minute earlier. It piled in the bowl like brown marshmallow fluff.   The problem rose when I tried to wipe. I went through a whole fucking roll of TP and could not get it all off me.   So I jumped in the shower. Yep, its gross, but it had to be done. There I stood, water pouring down, cheeks spread, and using my own hand to make certain I'm clean.   That was when I discovered that after using my hand to wipe myself (before I soaped the area) my hand came back covered in some sort of transparent grease. It was so fucking foul. The grease made water bead off my hand. It was tacky too, and very difficult to manage.   So I grabbed the bar of soap and went to work.   You fucking Pringle bastards.   The bar of soap came away coated in grease as well, and would no longer wash. I had to turn the water to hot and massage the soap for five minutes to get it to the point where I could use it again. It took me an hour to get the fucking grease off my pucker. I shudder to think of what its doing INSIDE ME right now, but I will damned sure never eat that shit again.   Fucking Pringle bastards.   This is where the joke about "anal leakage" came from. its real. Fuck Pringles.
0	I'm going to have to say that you're wrong to some extent. there are people so incredibly smart that calc is incredibly easy for them. As someone who has also taken calculus, i know many people who just did things by intuition. The best math students I saw, which were quite a few, learned the basics and then just applied them to more advanced concepts. I think by intuitive skill you mean more of a conceptual style of solving, whereas with the theorem based studying you're referring to more of a rote memorization of a method and then following that method each time, and I don't think that everyone needs to memorize to do well in a math class.
0	Yeah, atheist.  And also people who hate /r/atheism. (I hate /r/atheism)   There isn't a scumbag native american yet.  Yet, I wouldn't think people hated native americans if there was a meme about the stereotypical indian who smokes cigarettes and drinks a lot.  South park made fun of native americans, does that mean they hate me?  No, it's hilarious because the native americans where kicking people out of their homes to build a casino.  That's hilarious.  I wouldn't be surprised if it happened in real life.  I would still laugh.  Yet I would still condemn the people forcing others out of their homes.   My friends make fun of me because i'm red all the time, yet I know it's just a joke and they don't mean it.  I'm not offended unless they actually mean it, in which case I strike back.   Again, if someone meant the words they were saying when they called out my intelligence for being atheist, I would cast them into the sauce of spaghetti hell.   I really hope people see what i'm trying to say.  I seem to be rambling a lot.   Here is a
1	I used to think like that. I had adblocker, then realized what I was doing and disabled it. Then I would start to watch a stream and an ad plays. That is fine. But then every once in a while, something goes wrong ( internet problems, browser freezes, plugin crashes ) and I have to restart the stream. I have to watch the same exact ad again. Sometimes I have to refresh the stream like 5 or 6 times in a row, watching the same ad over and over again before I can get back to the stream. That is more than enough time to miss something. I think adblock is a good way to force those who are creating this content to fix it. If they notice that too many people are blocking their ads, maybe they will start having a larger pool of random ads, prevent an ad from showing if I JUST saw an ad and refresh the stream because it still hasn't loaded, and prevent ads from just enabling my sound for me. Sometimes I have multiple streams up and out of the blue 2 of them are blasting some ad at full blast when I had it muted. I want to support people, but they make it difficult.
1	I don't think you understand the changes. She still gets 40% of missing health by using W2, but she also gets a BASE + 0.3 AP on both procs of the heal (Of course in order to do this, the 1% per 100 AP part was removed). So the heal on W2 was actually buffed. It doesn't require you to be super-low on health for it to be effective anymore and the overall amount is higher.   The REAL nerfs are:   -The damage redistribution on Q2. Now it doesn't deal any extra damage on impact, and all the extra damage was moved to the delayed explosion. This is a dramatic nerf to her reliability and her damage output.   -The extra damage on W2 was completely removed, meaning it's now only a viable Mantra choice if you need the self-heal. This change in particular, especially if you consider that her heal was buffed, makes her an annoying self-sustaining machine (who can't deal any damage). Isn't that something Riot hates?   -The ratios on E2 were gutted, the damage component of the shield is so useless and neglectable at this point that I don't even know why they kept it. Now if you decide to Mantra this in a teamfight, it means you won't contribute to the damage.
0	Try giving them an ultimatum.   Basically my deal with my 4yo niece is "stop immediately or we leave immediately." I ask her if she wants to leave instead of getting whatever it is she's losing her mind about, and if she says no, I tell her she has to settle down immediately. We take a deep breath together (mostly just to get her to stop freaking out for a second) and then I tell her that her behavior has cost her a privilege (usually the privilege to pick out a thing, essentially saying 'you don't get to leave and you don't get to have what you want').   If she says she wants to go, we go. Everything we picked out gets returned, she puts back what it was she wanted, we apologize to the closest sales associate, and we go home. When we get home, I tell her that her behavior has cost her a privilege (favorite TV show, certain toys, certain games, etc.) and that she lost the privilege because of hour she behaved in the store.   She doesn't act up in the store when she's with me. She knows if she does there will be a choice to make (and ultimately that's the point of a tantrum - to try to have semblance of control over something [parent, environment, etc.]) and she's learned from experience that it's basically a Catch-22 because she's not going to like either outcome despite picking the more desirable option.
1	Psychology also has so much to do with why people rage at eachother. Whenever you see someone who's not performing well still raging at their teammates, they'll likely suffer from cognitive dissonance. They have an imagine of themselves as very skilled players, yet they don't see themselves performing very well. Rather than adjusting their self-image, a lot of people prefer to make themselves feel better about themselves by downplaying their teammates or their opponents, however illogical that might seem.
1	I just played a normal game, and said top and picked Nidalee. Meanwhiel does 2 ppl pick Anivia and Master Yi and lock and say "MID". After that we had a Jax who picked jungle, and a Malphite who picked support.   First in the lobby they called me troll because i said i was going ad Nidalee. Everyone was "omgomomgomgomgmgomg" "stop trolling noob gtfo" etc. When the game started i went to my top lane, and got followed by Master Yi. He said he was going top because "trolls like me" shouldnt go alone, so Malphite was stuck in botlane. Yi said he would follow me where ever i go, so i stayed top.   In the end, we somehow won that game, and reporting Yi for not communicating (everyone said he should go bot) felt bad, because i didnt go 1-9000, he went something like 7-2, and said we couldnt report him because of the fact that we won, and he got good stats...
0	I have to say this is arrogant and insensitive.
0	Except there are tons of industries that have to meet standard compliances. We have to maintain a federal compliance standard at my office and people act like we're the gestapo when we tighten our filters or send out warnings. I could care less what people do on company time but last time we loosened restrictions on personal use someone managed to install cryptolocker because: "well, I got an Amazon order email but I didn't order anything so I clicked to see what it was."
1	I think that the single biggest change that would dramatically help out the subreddit is the Flair system. I know it has been introduced before, but it would very effectively manage to let everyone see what content they want to, as opposed to the normal "DAE WARD?" "EUW DOWN AGAIN?" and "OMG, LOOK AT THIS SICK PLAY". I love this community, but i think that there is definitely a group of people that just always submits the same content over and over again. I enjoy a sick play as much as the next guy, but its getting to be too much.   In addition to that, I am a somewhat new content creator for the subreddit. It has been brought to my attention before that the way we handle things here is just not forgiving for someone who submits stories. I enjoy writing sales, but I may (big hint here) have to stop posting due to IRL obligations. I had planned to write some OC stories about the lore while i had down time, but i have looked at the types of content that make it to the frontpage, and I dont see the real OC content getting there anymore. It's problematic enough that i may decide its not worth the time and effort.  The days where that kind of OC got upvoted to the front page on its own has passed for the most part, and the way to bring back the kinds of niche content that people want to see is through the flair system.
1	In high elo solo queue matches there has been popularity with a support with hard CC (Taric or Leona comes to mind) paired up with a heavy burst caster like brand. The reasoning behind this is that there is much higher volatility in this lane than the traditional support+AD bottom due to the fact that AP carries can burst someone from 100 to 0 whereas AD carries mostly only have auto attacks.   however,  this means that an AD carry must take solo; which isn't the end of the world, but it relies on early kills in lane. Another setback of this strategy is that some AD carries indeed to have high burst in lane (Ezreal) allows you to have a AD + support bottom doing the traditional set-up which works well.   Another thing you'll see is lanes that just plain work together as they have high kill potential. Blitz + Alistar is the most popular one, but I saw Chauster and Loci some time ago do a Lee Sin + Pantheon bottom lane and they did marvelously.
1	If I'm Jungler and you don't have flash you'll be sharing your lane with me cause I'll be camping you into the last division. I played against a teemo with exhaust ignite, poor guy. Some say he's still afk till this day. I'm only Gold IV and I get the giggles when I see a champ without flash cause I know I'm gonna feed my laners like an obese child.
0	Dude. We went to the Avengers premiere, my buddies and I.   You would think that everyone else there at a midnight showing would also be huge fans; and to their credit, some were.   When Bruce Banner is all like "My secret? I'm always angry." Then Hulks up and smashes the giant monster flier thing in a blaze of motherfuckin glory we all cheered and clapped "Fuck yes! Oh hell yeah!" And were applauding.   Like two other people in the crowded theater seemed moderately impressed at that awesome movie.
0	One time while visiting the KFC in my town I saw the shift manager bitching out employees in the back(you can see and hear right to the back) and when she came up front I told her that she cannot talk to her employees like that. It is inappropriate and as I customer that is unacceptable way to treat employees. The employees there heard me call out the manager and when I got my tray of food it was piled with extra food and a thank you from the employees. That was a good day, I later called corporate to report the managers actions.
0	You definitely meant it shouldn't be legal in your
1	my 2cents, as posted on the thread:                         Spear THrow: bleed effect is a great idea, and will make him a great harrasser/ last hitter, (add some CD to compensate). Stun: leave as is. HS: add a slow while enemy is caught in cone (slow removed instantly once they're out). this will add more dmg naturally on cast, and makes some sense as it would be hard to move with getting 10,000 spears jabbed in your face. Fix audio & visual (bug?) when Panth leaves a HS prematurely. Skyfall: have the range scale up with each level, less channel time (which means warning circle adjustments). Passive: make it have anti-mage abilities without it being a built in banshees veil. I think this needs the most thought. And if he still feels weak-ish, tweak ult impact dmg, not by much since it will be easier to hit ppl now with the lower channel time
1	Interesting post. I am currently in silver v because I don't have the time to devote to playing a lot of league of legends. My goal for the beginning of the year was to get placed then get to silver as quick as I could. (Ended Silver IV last season). I got placed in bronze 1 and got placed with some toxic players on both mine and the enemy team. I found one of the best solutions to my problems was to turn off all chat while in a ranked game (sometimes even normal games) because when you play ranked there is no point in typing in all chat if you want to win. Also if i came past anyone toxic on my team I instantly muted them. It took me 4 games to get to silver v and I didn't have to play promos.
1	The thing is... Teams should not ban the champions Op says but bait and counter pick their tactic. Why US fail to win against C9? Because teams have poor team play. C9 tactic is to go for early objectives and then dive them when all have ults. With early advantage from objectives and the dive tactic they make enemy panic even with their towers protection. Teams should be prepare for this. Its Std C9 play.   No Us team can counter play that with teamplay and coordination atm so they need to find others tactic to prevent that.   I think Vulcan is the close one to that, still I only see Koreans and some EU team with team play to counterplay them.   I would love to see GG vs C9 so see if C9 dives work against other lvl of teamplay and coordination teams like GG and koreans have. Maybe in September =)
1	Riding the top post. Thank you everyone for both your kind comments and constructive criticisms. Feedback is incredibly important for growth (in life, as a writer, as a summoner!). In this post I'd like to add a bit to my original article and respond to some comments/requests.   People have asked for a quick instructional video on how to use this tactic. Unfortunately, the game is rarely as clear and neat as articles like mine make it out to be, and a video wouldn't do so much justice to tactics like this so much as going out and trying it out on the Rift. I also don't have the skills or technology to make a video myself. However here are a couple replays of professional players which illustrate this tactic quite well (mostly in the first 10 minutes or so). Shoutout to [LolReplay]( and [Pro Replays]( for making these so easy to access.   Here they are:   [Faker - Syndra vs Gragas](   [Faker - Lee Sin vs Vladimir](   [Dade - Rengar vs Tryndamere](   As I've said before, Faker is a master of this tactic. Almost all the replays LolReplay and Pro Replays have of him display this tactic really well. In Dade's game which I linked, the Tryndamere used his level advantages really well early on to turn the tides of the lane onto Dade who had firstblood.   Now in response to some other things. Dyrus, in the post I'm replying to, said that matchups are very important, which is something people haven't really been discussing in the comment thread (you've been all over the tower-lasthitting comment though). They are--somewhat.   Some champions have natural power spikes or advantages which are different from their lane opponents. So avoid them and push accordingly. For example in the matchup Rengar vs Lee Sin. They are fairly even when they first come to lane--Lee Sin can really punish Rengar with Q but Rengar can kite him around creeps with E or Q. But if Lee Sin can get level 2 first, or clear the first wave much faster, Rengar's advantage evaporates because he isn't protected by his wave anymore. So as Rengar, you want to push ASAP at level 1 and quickly assert your level 2 advantage, or if Lee got the level advantage (could be due to a variety of reasons), you start backing off really early and only push forward when its safe.   I'm not sure if I explained the matchup side of this concept very clearly, but that's the general gist of it. I don't claim to have all the answers and haven't thought about it enough yet. Ask further questions in the replies.   And for those asking for a
0	you loyalty is to your father and brother. morally you did the right thing. Im not sure why people commenting here think they have the right to be so judgy of family. if i had to guess, your dad noticed her behavior towards you and it probably helped nudge him in anohter direction.
1	I'm a diamond player on EUW, and my friends IRL are unfortunately silver or unranked players.   I invited them on a lan party for 5 days and we played normal games and arams.   You wouldn't believe the shit and harassment and anger I got for playing with my friends :   "Thanks for ruining our time and fun, go back to ranked"   "Diamond shouldn't be able to play in aram and normal wtf"   And so on, I wasn't even carrying the game or doing anything fancy (I was playing AP taric jungle for christ sake and alistar AP support for christ sake), but that's enough.
1	Well the difference with League as an E-sport and basketball as a physical IRL sport is that in most sports, you don't snowball, if you're winning it doesn't give you an advantage except that you get a little more breathing room, if you make 1 or 2 mistakes you might still win (ex, in b-ball, you're winning like 32-28 after the 2nd quarter, even if you make 1 mistake and they score, it'll still be like 32-30) theres no major "snowballing" aspect.   On the other hand, in b-ball, if you're behind 28-32 but skillwise the 2 teams are equal, you're not at any disadvantage really, sure you have to score 2 more goals to catch up, but apart from that, you're still perfectly even.   The difference with league is that you DO snowball, if you're down like 32-28, then the enemy team is stronger than you right now, even if skill-wise you're matched. They'll have more gold than you, and possibly more levels on you, so you'll be further behind, it'll be harder to catchup here than it would be in a b-ball game (ur cs would be less than theirs too,, since you'll be same skilled, but you've died more, so tower has taken more cs probably. Also, I ignored the mental aspect cuz thats hard to really analyze, and its present in both sports.)   Now if you're ahead 32-28, then you can afford to maybe play a bit more aggresively, you have the lead, you have an edge on them, you'll have maybe 1-2 more items, and 1-2 more levels on them. If someone gets caught out, even by 1 other person, they're likely dead, if not, they'll have to base, and you can push the lane to the tower. Because you managed to get ahead, you WILL be more likely to win (remember same skilled on both sides)
0	I think the reason women get so defensive is because everyone else tells us what we can and cannot do with out bodies from the second we hit sexual maturity. As soon as we grow some boobs and curves we're told how to dress and act or else we are sluts and asking for it. There are members in congress who in 2013 want to tell women they can't have access to birth control or abortions no matter what the reason for needing them may be. We should just stick an aspirin between our knees!   Then when you get pregnant oh god...you're an awful selfish mother if you drink, smoke, have caffeine, get your hair colored, get you nails done, work out to much, work out to little, gain to much weight, gain to little weight, eat sushi, eat cold cuts and so on.  I'm not advocating known dangerous activities while pregnant like drinking and smoking but it seems like society thinks it has a right to dictate what rights women have and don't have with their bodies.   Then once your baby is born you better breastfeed and if you don't well then you better have what other people have decided is a damn good reason. If not then you're just selfish and only care about yourself and your precious boobies!   So to my point; even though you yourself may not be judging women who are not breastfeeding, it is still very hard not to become defensive if you can't and /or choose not to for your own personal and private reasons.
1	Well, I guess then Sundance should take a look @ tales of the lane (which had better production value, atleast in my opinion) and other bigger tourneys which probably run at a fraction of the costs MLG has.
1	I'm Silver IV, I am one of the most positive players I know, I also play really well.  I have Challenger friends (who I met on reddit) who tell me that I play really well and should be at least Diamond 4+.   But every single time my teammates feed, and feed and they feed some more like their trying to FUCKING FEED THE WORLD. Like, holy shit please stop, I'm actually trying to win the game. They feed at lvl 1 and then report me when i afk and/or tell them how much they suck (which is true). Idk why rito banned me pls, i dont deserve tis i desrve dimod. Pls i ned hlp idk wat to do anymore, my fcking tem keeps holding me back.
1	As someone that mains mid and is in love with AP (and just generally mages in any game) I agree. The only new item I buy on AP champs is Liandry's Torment (Haunting Guise upgrade). AA Staff is the only item that changed mechanically that I buy, and I've never bothered with the new DFG. (Though I see it being strong on certain champs.) Most AP mids don't even have a good option for boots enchantments; I only bought +15 ms after I was full build, and Furor on Ryze. So yeah, builds changed a bit, but I get jealous when I see our Singed top with 5 totally new items.   Also, I'm the kind of person that tries EVERYTHING full AP. (Think Blitz, Leona, Janna, Amumu, Mao, Ali, Malph, Xin, Varus and of course good ol' Teemo. When Vi came out, the first thing I did was ask for her AP ratios.) Therefore, I hated Riot for the stacking cleavers. I mean, it made me win a game in which I played cleaver-stacking LB. And even after the nerf, I've seen more Kha'zix mid than Ahri...   My suggestion would be to lower the cost on Needlessly Large Rod (but adjust Deathcap, DFG and Zhonyas recepe cost so the total stays the same), nerf stacking HP and buff armor.
1	Always stay positive with them is your best bet... They're defeated, angry, embarrassed, and want to reset the fail clock. Defeat it with positivity:   If they give up pre-laning phase, you can always offer to swap them into another lane / etc., and if that's a no-go, your best bet is eat the gold and buy 2-3 wards for their lane to help give them extra protection / make up for their gold deficit- As well as holding back on over-pushing your lane so your jungler can focus a couple ganks on that lane to get things back in control... The little things can re-shape a raging person's mood quickly.   Post-lane phase, just do your best to continue to keep an eye on them / herd them into the group if they're off farming wolves right before a team fight, etc.   More or less, to 180 the mentality of someone who's thrown in the towel / raging, you have to commit to babysitting them for a bit and gritting your teeth through a smile while you quell their chat rage / frustration. Yeah, sometimes youll get those who don't respond to your help / patience, so it's up to you to decide to give up on trying, or keep at it silently / see if you can turn them back towards trying / playing smart.   You can try to "man talk" them back into the game, but any conflict / negativity is just going to feed their rage & desire to quit.   Basically, you need to commit to being the SoloQ equivalent of a "Big Brothers Big Sisters" volunteer for a troubled youth, heh. Do you best to stay positive with them, shut down team bickering in chat / counter their negativity with maturity / facts / patience. Won't always work, but the times it does are well worth the negated loss / 4v5 due to ragequit.
1	I see a lot of people suggesting the NFL Pro Bowl voting strategy. I'd like to remind people what a mockery that has become, in large part because of the voting.   Professionals, like fans, often vote on reputation and not on actual performance.  In the LCS we have a smaller grouping which means it's more likely pros are paying attention to other pros' play but it also means there's a larger chance for bias.
0	It's quite interesting, there is this guy that comes into my store that barely speaks english.  When he does speak english it's very broken and slow.  It reminds me of a mentally handicapped english speaker.  I, as a regular clerk/giver of zero fucks (while at work) just assumed he was mentally handicapped.  A new guy started recently and was able to speak the customer's native language, I had him help him with the usual stuff I would do for said customer.  After the customer paid for his merchandise I asked the new guy, "How was it", expecting an exasperated, "Oh yeah" in return.  Instead the new guys was confused and said that he may sound dumb in English, but in Spanish the guy spoke fluently and with a normal train of thought.
0	Playing Devil's Advocate here... I see all too often at my job where I fix someones computer, then their "tech friend" comes and changes everything, messing it all up by installing registry fixers or some shit.  Then I get blamed because I didn't have the "foresight" to install that Winzip and the three A's (Avira, AVG, Avast) AT THE SAME TIME, and Uniblue registry cleaner says they have 700 problems.  Just finally wanted to say something, not that OP is this person, but I get really sick of everyone thinking Techs are out to screw them.
0	So, this one night a few years ago, me and some friends decided to drive to New York City from RI (about a 4hr drive) because we were bored at like 10pm. Something happens, and me and my girlfriend get into a fight. The neighbors call the cops, who show up, see that nothing major is happening, and leave. By this time, it's like 11pm, we decide to still go to NYC.   We get there at like 3am on a Saturday night. Walk around an empty times square, and stop at some pizza joint for some pizza. We eat about half our pizza, and leave. On the way out, we see a homeless guy, and give him this half a pizza. He praises us about how generous we are, and how we have pure souls, and that no matter what else we do in life, we're getting into heaven. I've been using that as a "get out of jail free" card for like 7 years now. That no matter what, a homeless guy said I was good enough to get into heaven no matter what.
0	There are two issues you're not addressing here which completely change this argument     The government confers real and tangible benefits to married couples, therefore your musings on 'it is not something bestowed by the state' are irrelevant. I meant that, they are utterly irrelevant. It is a civil rights issue, because they are conferring special rights to heterosexual couples that they aren't conferring to same-sex couples. Because of this, the state must prove a compelling state interest in doing so, and conservatives know they cannot, hence the push for a national amendment.     This isn't some issue which we must wax poetic about; there are dozens of nation and areas which have allowed gay marriage, and there have been none of the vague societal effects you are concerned with. There have been dozens of studies which show that a child of a same-sex couple is not hampered, and in fact they show that a child in a same-sex household are significantly better off than one in a single parent household.
1	I don't see how the fact its a said way in AMERICAN leagues relate at all to League of Legends and its international competitions (NA and EU LCS).   D-did you not read the part where I said riot is in NA? North American company, North American business practices. Simple as that, don't like it then cry a river, build a bridge, and jump off it.   >I personally find forcing people to wait until the last minute to even start discussing their options for the next season a really stupid concept.   Except they're not, scarra's contract was going to end in october iirc, spring split starts in january, that's 3 months to work out a deal. hardly last minute there son, in fact it's quite generous to do. most players contracts end just after worlds finishes up so that gives them usually october/november to january to find a new team. if a player can't find a team in that time frame that's not any of the owners faults.
0	It's simply because consumers know what a mac is, it's a computer that is no hassle. When I say no hassle, its got an os, internals, screen, and storage already made. It is also advertised as such a computer  built  to your needs.   consumers have no fucking clue what to do with pcs because you can build your own and anything bought pre-built is shit really. There also isnt much advertising when it comes to pcs because there are so many variations.
1	This is not an entirely accurate statement.  Janna's shield mid game gives Trist the extra AD to make up for her lower mid-game power spike along with a sizable amount of health. Janna also disengages for Trist if it's a bad engage/she gets jumped quite well.  Trist/Janna essentially become a push to turret and force them to last hit there lane, which if properly warded (i.e. this game) means that jungle can't gank unless it's through lane, or MAYBE tri-bush.  However, since it's an Elise (who does NOT want to mean a Rengar in the jungle) she can't even capitalize on that.  So essentially Tris/Janna now have a high-pressure lane that means the opposing jungler will either be mid, top or power farming. Since Elise has no real clear power-spike at 6 she should be camping mid/top but she showed up 1-time (??) top and forced a flash never to be seen there again.   In a traditional, solo-queue sense Trist/Janna are very weak because they will likely get camped/denied farm due to pressure from the jungle and a lane bully (Graves, Draven, MF) and a tanky support (Thresh, Braum, Leona, even Taric). Nami is a good bully/harrass support, but doesn't synergize well with Corki early IMO.   The other thing to consider here is that Janna is the counter-engage to Nami.  If Nami hits a bubble/ult so her team can dive and it doesn't include Janna, then Janna preps a Q or her ult and completely negates that engage.  She can also sheild for ~250 of the damage from whoever does get hit to buy them a little time.
1	LoL is not a community game, its a Riot game. Riot dominates the esports scene and everything related to LoL esports, so there really isn't a lolesports scene except for what Riot is providing.   There are 3rd party organizations which hosts different community tournaments (ESL, DH and more) but LCS players are under contract to not play in any events which aren't verified by Riot, so if a company wants to invest into a LoL event and make a show, they won't attract viewers beceause there is really no hype when non of the popular teams can attend the event.
0	not only over-used... but misused...   its like a magic word women can use on men to immediately make them feel awkward, weird, bad about themselves, strip any of their confidence and make them out to be something that they are not   women seem to want men to come up to them and not vice versa but if its not chris hemsworth with hundreds falling out of his pockets then women can just call him a creeper and feel good about themselves for rejecting the man like a total bitch
1	it was meant to be a fun mode and not be taken seriously, when people start try harding and playing the stuff that's broken to the point riot has to disable it from the game mode then the mode is no longer fun. but please, keep telling me that "that's called playing the bloody game and people do it in regular games as well so that's a stupid reason not to have it."
0	I had a dream once:   In it, while walking my dog like I do every night I was hit by an impaired driver.  The dream thankfully made it so I passed out during the impact. I woke up to what I assume was supposed to be my mother hovering over me in what was supposed to be a hospital (remember this is a dream shit is weird) and I tried to sit up but instead my legs came up.  I thought in my dream that's strange and looked at my now elevated legs, but they were not there. So I threw off the blanket to find nothing but gauze rapped nubs.  Other than that I was fine so they cleared me to go home.  I was in shock and all I wanted to do was pet my dog.  This is when Dr. Kelso told me that my dog had been killed in the accident.   That's when I woke up in a cold sweat, my dog lying at the foot of my bed and my toes pointing up, where they should be.   That is when I did something really foolish, I thanked the world that this could never happen...
0	Semi-related story time! I applied to Office Depot a couple weeks ago. They called me shortly after to come in and take an assessment test. Got a call the next day asking to set up an interview. Scheduled the date, go to the store the day of the interview and after waiting for 30 minutes they tell me the hiring manager isn't at the store. Reschedule the interview for the next day the same time. An hour before the interview they send me a generic email saying the spot was filled and they didn't get a chance to look at my resume.
1	I think they did this because else World's is going to be as predictable as the all-starts. Asian teams are at the moment just 100% better then the NA/EU scene. We have seen it countless time, and if we send equal amount of teams, then NA/EU will  NOT  have a chance at winning anything close to first place.
1	Just because someone starts being toxic doesn't mean you need to bash them. It's a lot more likely you'll get reported for verbal abuse if you try to take it out on him, and honestly? He/she isn't worth a time ban on your own account, just because you're frustrated. Better to mute him, play the game out, report him at the end, and move on.
1	Today was actually,  was playing a normal 5 v 5 i was a jungle udyr we had a urgot in top lane, a ezreal mid, and i think a tryn and kog on bot the other team had a lee sin jungler (meaning that both teams should have a solo top and mid) but for some reason the opposing team sent two people to top lane rather than bot naturally our urgot got zoned hard and got killed once.. From then on he refused to leave the base and demanded we surrender on 20 claiming we had already lost the game. The next 10 minutes consisted of myself and 1-2 others from my team explaining that the game wasn't lost they were only ahead by one kill and to get back into lane (this was roughly at the 15 minute mark) despite everyone telling him we hadn't lost, he still stayed in our base.   At this point my rage mode kicked in and I started asking my teammates if anyone spoke stupid because clearly my point wasn't getting across in English. From then on all he did was insult the team for being behind which was mostly because we were all busy typing and telling him to get back to his lane for the first 10 minutes in the game. and at 20 minutes he threw up a surrender I was so pissed off at this urgot that I refused to give him what he wanted I hit no on surrender every time it came up until the enemy team came into the base and earned their win ( also after not getting the surrender he wanted he chose to then go and feed the other team until we lost) I have never raged so hard in a LoL game I haven't logged on since this game ended I’m still raging. All in all I think im going to stick with the /lfgreddit  I usually don’t mind solo queue but I just never want to run into a tool like that again I hate getting pissed off about a video game
0	Amen.  Not too long ago I went and stayed with a friend and her girlfriend.  One morning my friends gf came with me while I got coffee, and she sees these little brownie bites for a dollar a peice on the front counter of the shop.  She doesn't have a job or any money, and asked me to buy her one. I looked at her like you've got to be kidding, I wouldn't even pay that much for a super overpriced mini brownie for myself, and she looked at me and pouted and fluttered her eyes and said plleeaasseee.  She's a 20 year old  aspiring model.  Granted she is a pretty girl,  but A- I am not her girlfriend and B- i'm straight.  I finally decided that since her girlfriend (my friend) was letting me stay at her place and stuff, I'd buy my friends gf the damn expensive tiny ass brownie as sort of like an extension of gratitude.  Walking back to the apartment she took a bite of it and then complained it wasn't that great and she's had much better.  To which I replied "well if you don't like it, give it to me. I wouldnt mind trying it. "And then she shoved the rest of it in her mouth and smiled.  I was fucking furious.  She made a scene begging me to buy her this over priced desert, she had the nerve to complain to me that it was bad, and then she didn't share the food she didn't like that I paid for. Point is its so evident that she just always expects people will do whatever she wants for her soley based on her looks and its worked for her the last 20 years so why would she stop.  Shes a nice enough girl and in general i dont dislike her, but god damnit that pissed me the fuck off.
0	it's not really an emotional issue. You're just lacking evidence. A goal of mating might be to procreate under some circumstances but saying that it's the only goal is a qualitative assumption disregarding a lot of easy counterpoints.   Obviously mating requires a lot of energy investment, so why would we see it across the population in infertile, post-menopausal women as well as during fertile women during periods of estrus when they are completely unlikely to conceive.   It's worth noting that humans are among the most sexually active of mammals and simultaneously one of the least fertile. If the goal of mating was to procreate, this would give us the lowest return on that energy investment (a smarter mating strategy, if procreation were the only goal, would be to only mate when conditions are most favorable to conception and during times when there is enough resources to support offspring)   It's worth noting that both of those are  DERIVED  traits meaning that they  must  have a advantage in fitness for humans over conserved traits (mating only during "heat").   So essentially, claiming that the mating mechanism is defective without a clear understanding of what mating, in humans, is designed to accomplish is clear misstep.
1	Wow, there are a lot of people, with a lot of upvotes, bitching and moaning about wanting corki buffs.  Corki isn't even out of the rotation for a cycle of power, get over it.  You want to talk about buffs, lets talk about heimerdinger, karma etc al.  Corki hasn't been a top tier pick in what, two or three months?  Eve was garbage teir for how long?  She was so bad, for so long, that she became the default placeholder pick.
1	I just played a game with him, depite having now low range that "Relentless Pursuit" buffs made him able to trade better Mid game and move better, ppl also forget he got an increase to his stats:     BASE MOVEMENT SPEED 330 ⇒ 335   BASE HEALTH 470 ⇒ 500   BASE ATTACK DAMAGE 49 ⇒ 52     At lv 3 Lucian can trade better due to the fact that "Relentless Pursuit" doesn't use mana anymore and goes to 8 cd after he uses his passive 3 times, giving him more mana and dmg but due to the range nerf he has to take more risk while trading isntead of sniping you with his "Pircing Light", his waveclear also has been buffed with the removal of the "Piercing light" minion dmg cap.
1	Witt's End specifies only champion auto attacks, while SotEL specifies auto attacks OR damaging abilities that only apply a single tick of damage or multiple ticks of damage in a singular instance.   For example   If you look at Nasus' E, dropping Spirit Fire on an enemy will proc SotEL every tick because it deals damage  per second  instead of x damage over y seconds. The game classifies it as a singular instance of damage every time it ticks.   Now, if you look at Malz' E, it won't proc SotEL because it deals a set amount of damage (after modifiers and such)  over x amount of time .   In the same respect, Malz' W deals damage per second instead of over time and (correct me if I'm wrong, I'm procrastinating at work and can't test this yet) should in theory proc SotEL every time it ticks.   I believe this applies to all AoE "DoTs" (Amumu's Despair, Singed's Poison, etc)   Back to the plants   Zyra's plants won't trigger Witt's End or similar items because the AA needs to be Zyra herself and not the plants, but will trigger SotEL because the plant AA's count as a singular instance of spell damage every time they attack something.  It's the same reason they'd apply Liandry's. The plant AA count as spell damage and not AA's.
0	I had a professor tell the class that he put marks on the floor and assigned grades based on how far the paper flew.  Then he laughed like he was joking.   I stood up and said "you're not joking! That's like when I was 16 I would tell my mom I was sitting on the beach smoking pot with a hot blonde and then we would both laugh because that's and absurd thing to tell your mom."   He looked like he just got caught with his hand in someone's pocket and wouldn't respond to any questions the rest of the class.
1	What's the point to having a damage threat when you already have a sufficient amount of damage threats? It's like investing all your marbles into offense, when you also need a defense. CLG previously made Doublelift their sole damage dealer, but changed when the "old guard" (hotshotgg and chauster) left. Previously CLG would play the classic "protect the doublelift comp", but now they have changed. Now you see Dexter, Link, and at times Aphromoo as damage dealers in addition to Doublelift.   The League community has this misconception that because Seraph is Korean and he stomps in NA solo queue, he is some god and that he only has bad stats on paper because CLG is "holding him back" from his true potential. If you think about it, in league if you run a squishier comp with no true tank, you usually win if you snowball/have an marginal lead around mid game. However, if a team with more damage threats plays against a more "standard" team with a balanced amount of damage threats and tanks (eg CLG [tank top, bruiser jungle, offensive/utility mid, strong ad, and support]) and the more offensive oriented team goes even, has a small deficit, or has a small lead with both teams fighting 5v5 in a mid game team fight around Dragon, the more balanced team will win simply due to their front line's damage soaking capability compared to the offensive team's. On the contrary, I can see the more offensive team winning if they were to 1. execute their team fights as smaller spread out fights or 2. they escape the team fight living with a sliver of HP.   Hypothetically, even if CLG were choose a very offensive oriented top laner, the risk is much higher than the reward. Clearly, a lot of enemy junglers focus(ed) a lot of their attention on top lane when playing against CLG, so if Seraph were to choose Nidalee and get camped his damage would be lack luster compared to enemy team's top laner. Now I know what you're thinking, "Dexter can just help Seraph by initiating a gank of his own or counter ganking; however, CLG is known for being more objective focused when they can be. In these situations that Seraph picks an offensive top laner, the enemy jungler will obviously think "Ok Seraph picked an offensive top laner which means he wants to win lane, so Dexter will either 1. Gank for him 2. Counter gank or 3. Wait for me to show and get a free drag." All of these situations are not optimal for CLG. In the first situation, given the right ward coverage by the enemy jungler, they can see Dexter going top, and try to get a free early drag because the jungler is top. 2. If Dexter is looking to counter gank, GENERALLY the enemy jungler will know the counter gank is coming, therefore the enemy jungler can go down to bot side jungle and attempt for a free drag. 3. CLG gets a free drag, BUT Seraph dies thus putting him behind. In addition, with a more offensive champion, Seraph will be even farther behind because he has two responsibilities on the team which are soaking some damage & outputting more damage compared to a tank who's sole purpose is to soak up damage.   Out of the 19 post games stats I looked at, CLG won a total of 12 games. They won a total of 4 games with Seraph on a either a more offensive carry like Lulu, Jax, Ryze, or a bruiser going offensive item(s) like Renekton. However, in 2 of those 4 games, there was another damage soaker such as Dexter going full tank Elise except for sorc boots (He went Sorcs, spirit golem, and locket on Elise) or Aphromoo on Braum (Braum is innately a damage soaker with his shield.)   On the other hand they lost 4 games where Seraph went an offensive champion with Dexter going a bruiser champion such as Jarvan, Lee sin, or Vi and Aphromoo going a squisher support such as Morgana, Nami, or Thresh.   CLG won a total of 8 games where Seraph went built full tank on champions such as Shyvana with Dexter going a bruiser champion and Aphromoo going Morgana, Thresh, or Nami. They lost a total of 3 games of those 19 games where Seraph built full tank on Shyvana with Dexter going a bruiser champion and Aphromoo going Morgana, Thresh, or Nami.   It's pretty obvious why CLG doesn't play these more offensive oriented champions, because their forte is in the standard set up of having a true tank, a jungler who can build tanky after building one offensive item (2 in the case of Vi) and still output a good amount of damage while soaking damage, a strong offensive mid or a utility based mid, a strong meta ad, and a meta support.
1	I don't think the rune changes will affect jungler pages. Heres why:   Seals : Armor is still best in slot because it allows you to take less damage from jungle creeps and to survive junglers like lee, udyr, and xin's early invade potential.   Glyphs : MR/lvl were buffed which makes them for sure best in slot still. Mana regen is not vital because of blue buff and cdr is nice but tank stats are often better on junglers.   Quints : Again Cdr not necessary on most junglers especially with blue buff. The only thing that might be useful here is the buff to AS Quints, so I could see junglers that scale well with AS stacking it for a faster clear time but some math would have to be done here.
1	Teemo should be buffed. /s   Nah but Teemo is actually quite easy to play against if you know how to. The problem is that a lot of people don't know how to and don't bother learning so the Teemo wrecks shop and then they whine he's OP. This whole Teemo circlejerk really bothers me since he's not actually that OP.   The next thing is that Riot REALLY needs to work on balancing. I find that most champs are either OP or UP, never a middle ground. The champs that are UP obviously have low pick rates and then the few champs that are in the middle just get pushed into the UP category. Some times I feel they make changes without actually testing them or seeing how it changes the champ in game but instead just comparing stats on paper. There's a lot of things where I feel if they just slightly changed this or tweaked that, champs would be a lot more balanced. I spend a lot of time thinking about game balancing in just about all games I play, which makes me feel that I should get a job in balancing.... But to the main point, Rito plz balance better.
1	Well, the crucially core item is Iceborne gauntlet, honestly past that you are pretty much free to do whatever u want.(I like rushing cdr and using my mana regen/5 runes with beef jungle mastery)   Recommended spirit visage   Cinderhulk is not crucial, its good, but honestly i rush gauntlet and after that i have no sustain or clear issues.   NA: thatismyfeet
0	Its not his fault. If the police were better funded they wouldnt NEED to fill quotas (the whole point of filling a quota is to prove to the government they deserve funding and money.) Maybe if we, as voters, and taxpayers, gave them more funding, they wouldnt ticket us for driving 5 MPH over the speed limit. These people are protecting us from murderers, criminals, and other devious people, and we pay THEM SHIT. I work in a warehouse pushing around boxes, and get paid almost as much as a cop (possibly more than some.) Thats pathetic, considering their lives are on the line daily. Its not the cops fault, its the our faults, and the governments faults for not funding one of our most important institutions better.   Also, there would be 1000x less police corruption if they made enough money to support a family and send their kids to college....which they dont. Its not like cops become dirty just for the fun of it, they become dirty because they are broke.
0	One of these days I was going about 100-110 km on the highway on the left lane (and the limit was 90), all of a sudden an Alfa Romeo starts tailgating me, kind of pissing me off, because I was already above the speed limit and the guy wanted to drive even faster than that. So I let him pass. After he's passed I go back to the left lane and start tailgating the asshole too, just like he did. My girlfriend was at the passenger seat at the time, we were going to her house and I needed to get the next exit, so naturally I stopped accelerating and look at my right rear view mirror so I could go to the right lane to go to the exit and suddenly my girlfriend screams. I look back and the car I was tailgating was WAY too close, so I hit the brake immediately and I'm able to reduce the speed before something happened. I could even hear the tires screaming (or whatever is the right definition) when I braked.   She said that the guy reduced his speed on purpose, but luckily nothing bad happened neither with the car nor with us.   Yes, I know I'm a fucking idiot and the lesson has been taught and that I must avoid getting stressed while driving or I'll get myself killed.
0	Just because it has become synonymous doesn't mean it is accurate or correct, or even less confusing.   Let's check accurate:   Did they immigrate?  Yes Did they do so legally? No   Illegal Immigrant -  It is only derogatory because a majority of people feel negatively towards the activity of cheating.  Do not confuse this.  It is absolutely cheating.  There is a line of people waiting to come here that wraps around the planet twice. These people are cutting in line.  (This is the same distaste some feel for welfare recipients.) The fact that some feel we should be more compassionate does not the term inaccurate or 'wrong'.   (
1	Still comps werent super important. The game was over by the time team fights started. Yes Dyrus was feeding but it was because of great play on Reginovers part and his early ganks. The Cass pick did well but it could have been anyone honestly because of the advantage that those kills provided. Also Dyrus tends to feed but fnatic shutting down Bjergsen hurt more because of how TSM plays around him.
1	Limiting amount of wards each player can buy per -let's say- 5 minutes could solve the problem, you are thinking in the right direction.   The present reality is that supports have a sightstone, mobility boots and another item, usually philo stone or a kindlegem or lategame even an aegis, and run around with 10 wards in the bag and throe them around to prevent your entire team to get picked of or allowing your team to freely farm, do objectives and pressure the enemy.   Sad truth: 10 wards mid to late game are more worth than a full item support. If i could choose between 3 wards in our red jungle + 3 wards in our blue jungle or a deathcap for the support, i'd choose the 6 wards.   In competetive we see supports with no items at 45 minutes. Because stats on supports don't win games, vision on important map parts wins games. Catching an enemy who wanted to do golems late game and killing him was probably more worth than the support having 1 or 2 more complete tier 2 items because of the snowballing effect of this particular kill.   You could say wards are OP. You buy tons and tons of them because if the game isn't a stomp, the team with more vision usually wins. This team will pressure all lanes without getting catched, will initiate you and punish every move.   As far as my experience goes, even gold 2 supports haven't realized it and build AP whenever they have spare money and just use their sightstone for warding and one pink ward from time to time.   Wow, i didn't want to write so much but once i started...
1	Not everyone has the time to sit and read entire articles. No problem with having
0	Nope, the whole charade is a waste of money incentivized by tax breaks. You get the two most insidious hell spawn ever birthed: church and state together in a holocaust of any actual meaning. Hell even the people you invite to your wedding are expected to buy stuff.
1	I really think Blizzard got it right, and this harps on what OP was referring to, the players should be able to think on their own and be able to find ways around whatever is considered over powered. I don't think we can completely blame Riot for their nerfing habits because I have yet to play a game at my elo, where someone doesn't comment on at least one of the 10 champions being OP. I'm a believer that unless every single strategy has been implemented and something is still giving players problems then a nerf should be considered. OP mentioned blue flame hellions, which is a great example, but many people forget about the the nerf that Blizzard made to Marines (55 HP decreased to 45 HP), but in WoL, you still see the Marine as a vital component of the Terran army.
1	Before I start ranting I have a good tip for everyone out there which is that while you play try to look for other players in your game that you might want to duo with and then just add them and ask, duoing with someone that decently good greatly increases your chances of winning even if you're not communicating with them over skype, etc.   I kinda felt like that for a good while as well while I was stuck in gold 5 and to be honest it is all about finding the right champion that works for you and your division.   What you also want to do is just start focusing on your own game and only that. You should be winning your lane every game and if you're not winning it then figure out why and improve on that until you are consistently winning. Winning can be a lot of things, but in general you should be ahead in kills or cs, preferably both, killing your opponents tower does by no means mean that you won the lane though.   If you are seriously trying to improve it is also important that you actually put some effort behind your games. For a long time I was trying to improve, but during my games I wasn't really doing much. I'd just make mistakes and then I'd be like okay that was a mistake and then I'd make that same mistake, or something close again and then just repeat. Actually think about every game you play and consider stuff like where their jungler is, where do we need wards, I need to get more cs this game, I need to kill that tower, etc.
0	Source: Any guy who's gotten accused of cheating constantly until they did.   Though, really, it's never about the particular accusation. It's about the hatred and resentment being mistrusted for no reason cultivates. It'll eventually lead to anything from being broken up with to being cheated on (because he wants to break up but he's too much of a pussy to deal with it).
0	I think he was more so implying she is wife material because even though he has been hammered busy with work and thus not being able to give her the sort of attention he normally does she was still thinking about him.   Not only thinking about him, but went out of her way to help him unwind from said work with out asking anything from him in return.
1	I feel like literally talking out of one's ass is a pretty amazing feat. That said, in MLB, for example, there is a flat bonus paid out to teams as a cash award for reaching certain playoff goals: winning the World Series, AL, etc.   All active players, starters or not, generally receive the exact same share. The team votes on what share to give to players who only spent a portion of the year on the roster. Salaries, just as they are in esports, are a separate issue.
0	The majority of people watching last night do not watch boxing on a consistent basis (if they have at all). To them, boxing is something like a highlight meaning that each round should carry multiple big landing punches or overall be more exciting (these types are rare). The loudest criticism is coming from these people and social media and reddit only amplify that.   This was not a hug match and Mayweather did not do anything he hasn't done in his previous fights. He was a calculated and very very smart boxer last night. When you pair that with what is probably the best defense the sport has ever seen, it is really hard to be beaten. Pac had to come out throwing punches and he needed well over 50 a round to have a chance (Maidana). Even when he had Mayweather on the ropes and was throwing a lot but nothing landed to get him points. The headlock was because Pac would go low and he did not want to risk an uppercut that close.
1	Let's see here... Minimum of 3 promo matches into Silver 5, a generous 5 wins and 0 losses to go from 0LP to 100, 2 promo for Silver 4, a generous 5 wins and 0 losses to go from 0LP to 100, 2 promo for Silver 3... 17 game win streak would be the absolute minimal amount possible assuming +20lp per game.
1	It's a good video, but I'm so torn about it. x_x   Support players say that: ADC gets the credit / they get blamed for killstealing / they are forgotten and underappreciated.   ADC players say that: they the hardest job (focusing on cs) / are under stress a lot because they always get focused / can't carry their lane if their support is bad.   Jungle players say that: they always get the blame when someone loses lane / when enemy team gets dragon / lack of pressure on the map.   Mid laners say that: they are the only one who can win and feel like they need to solo carry / they also get focused a lot in teamfights and have to be really careful.   Top laners say that: they are literally screwed when they give up an early advantage and no jungler assistance / top lane is an island seperated from the  rest / you can't carry from that position.
1	Make it a blind, game-wide vote, but give players incentive to vote for the true MvP. Give the MvP a /slight/ LP or MMR boost in ranked (normal queue votes wouldn't count towards it, i don't think? they can still count towards a banner vote count or something, though).   Is it obvious that someone on the other team carried them through it all? Vote for them and get them out of your league so they can play in the league they deserve to better normalize the player skill of those you'll be playing with and give yourself a better chance to prove yourself through your play in future games. Bitter over a loss and don't want to vote for anyone? Fine. You can't vote for yourself and throwing away a vote over a team wide vote shouldn't be too bad.   This would obviously have to be monitored somehow to make sure the effects of the LP or MMR boost aren't too drastic. I'd say it even warrants some testing before full implementation. A trial period where Riot would give the community a chance to make their ranked play better.   Hopefully it's feasible to implement the system and gather info on it for testing of the effects of the LP or MMR boost before actually making it apply just to make sure it'd have a positive affect. But if it doesn't work I guess we can just throw it away and I'll publicly apologize for the incident.
1	How to carry as a support. some tips from a dedicated support player.   it can be really annoying in lane to have a bad ad carry. that's why you have to take some high impact supports to carry. someone who can disrupt heavily the enemy team during teamfights (Janna, Lulu, Sona. I dont include initiators like leona or alistar because initiating with a bad team can be really horrible). with the correct items you should have around 3200 hp so you are really tanky and the natural survavility of those supports is quite enough so you can separate from the team to ward/clear. Remember to build in order to enhance your best players. if your ap mid is doing awesome consider taking a WOTA. if your carry makes a comeback, get a zeke's. if your team is a little behind get an aegis.   in teamfights try to keep your carry safe (and by carry i mean the guy who is killing everyone, not necesarily your ad carry) and try to disrupt the enemy carries. THIS IS IMPORTANT a lot of people forced to support just spam skills hoping to get someone, try to aim and disrupt the right targets. if their ap already used his combo focus your skills on the enemy ad, if the ad is just as "good" as yours then focus your skills on the enemy ap.   PINGS. dyrus once said that pings are like retard magnets, people see a ping and they run straight to it. during team fights ping the enemy carries so your team can realize they are focusing the wrong target. ping the objectives everytime you can take them (towers are objectives too. if you just won a teamfight push a nearby tower before getting that dragon).   REMEMBER TO USE THE ACTIVES OF YOUR ITEMS. a lot of forced supports get items like Shurelyas or Locket and they forget to use them. its a really important part of the role to use those items at the right time. Shurelyas is good to escape bad engages or to force an initiation. Locket is good to counter initiate and tower dive.
0	One of my very first jobs as a teenager was showing cars where to park at an auto auction every Saturday morning.  The cars would pull into lot, my friend would point to me, and then I would specifically point to the correct spaces.   One hungry day we had no cash to eat so we decided to charge each person a dollar to enter.  After a couple hours our pockets were jammed full with dollar bills and when anyone asked for change it was a silly mess.   One of the managers friends mentioned it was odd he had to pay a dollar to enter, and when the manager came storming up to fire me and my friend, he told me to pay his friend a dollar back.  I reached into my pocket to grab one dollar hoping the rest wouldn't come out, but it did.  Dollars everywhere, flying around in the wind.
1	With the level 1 ward totem (pre level 9) you can place a  60  second ward every  120  seconds, so a maximum of 1 ward placed at any time. You get  no vision from your trinket 50% of the time  (the time between your ward timing out and trinket coming off cooldown)   With the level 2 ward totem (level 9+) you can place a  120  second ward every  120  seconds, so a maximum of 2 wards placed which can be maintained 100% of the time (if you ward immediately when your trinket comes off cooldown). Not bad right?   Wrong. Level 3, the big daddy. With the level 3 ward totem (250g) can place place a  180  second ward (a real 75g ward for FREE) every  60  seconds (SIXTY, half the cooldown of the other totems!), so a maximum of 3 wards placed which can be maintained 100% of the time. EVEN IF you don't ward immediately when the trinket comes off cooldown, thanks to the charges. If you ward once a minute,  it is gold efficient after 3 and a half minutes , or 4 wards.
0	So I could read it all day, but I wouldn't know what any of it meant.   That's a terrible excuse for not trying to learn on your own.  Its perfectly acceptable to try to understand something on your own and then turning to others if you have trouble.  Going to other people before even trying is an incredibly inefficient way to learn because you won't know if you're asking the right question.   For example, if you tried asking your professor about velocity without ever having heard the word "velocity" before then you're much less likely to understand their answer than if you had at least a vague sense of what you were looking for.   To put this in context with how this discussion started consider your questioning of the authenticity of Dorner's manuscript.  Your question seemed to include the assumption that his manuscript was found.  If you had done some research you would know why the authenticity isn't much of a concern in the discussion.   There are a lot of questions around the life and death of Dorner, but by questioning something that's been discussed extensively on reddit your question was ignored because other people assumed you were inserting yourself into a discussion you knew nothing about.  Now its probably unfair for people to react that way, but ultimately you can't change how people react to your questions as you can only control the quality of questions.
0	This deserves a wonka meme along the lines of: "Oh a teenage boy wants to share his opinion on the effects of PMS? .. Please share with us your wisdom"
0	It has nothing to do with that and everything with managers being able to take the easy way out and look like the good guy because they have the authority to. Let's not fucking pretend anyone gives a shit about the dickbag manipulative consumer who is yelling at the sales employee because he's trying to get something for free.   Even entry level employees will try to do right by someone if they genuinely got dicked over just because ITS THE RIGHT THING TO FUCKING DO.
1	My brother works for Riot and I asked him about this, he told me yes it would increase the memory and cpu usage of your system, and once you pop the client up you can't put it back into a dormant state, just minimizing it again still keeps it active. It only goes into the dormant state at the end of champion select.
0	I don't think that  you  have been reading anything I've been writing.   I know damned well how our higher education system works, and what I've been saying is that it is ridiculous and/or stupid.   Teachers should be hired on their ability to teach, not their research. It is NOT reasonable to expect students going to a top 10 university to have to learn their classes in spite of their teachers rather than because of them.   Essentially the higher "education" system is ass-backwards.   Researchers shouldn't be forced into teaching, or the other way around.   I certainly wouldn't mind having access to these people in a end of the line very upper tier course, or in the case of non-class opportunities, as I've said, however many universities have people who can barely speak English teaching lower and middle division classes to very large numbers of students.
1	Thanks for making this man, I love watching your Sej play.   I made a post about this last week when the proposed changes were announced, for anyone interested in my opinion here it is:   "Diamond Sej player here (I personally love lane Sej, though it isn't necessarily viable).   Its a nerf depending on how you want to play Sej. If you want AP Carry Sej, these are bad changes. If you want tanky initiator Sej, they're still only okay changes at best (meaning that she will be a viable jungler but still not top tier).   If you're like me and like the instant burst AP Carry Sej, this is not a good change, heres why: They took the % health damage from her q and moved it to her w. They also made her e (her main source of damage) much weaker, and she never had good AP ratios in the first place.   The e has a lower cooldown which they implemented to compensate for lowering its damage, but the slow was also significantly reduced in power. The cooldown also didn't matter in the first place, because the idea behind AP Sej was that if you got a full combo off (DFG, ult, q [depending, I save it for escapes] , and e) the person should be dead, if not -- you're in trouble. People shouldn't max e now for damage, they should max w.   If you want damage on Sej now you should be maxing w first. The good news is that this now does a lot of damage to enemies in an area around her (the % health damage), the bad news is that this now requires her to be in the middle of a fight mixing it up. She will likely be getting blown up extremely quickly. Sej was never tanky in the first place, and her jumping into a fight to get off her damage isn't going to work out well.   To be honest, ever since the DFG nerfs she hasn't been a very good AP Carry (her ult CD is just obscenely long). She has awful clear speeds in the jungle, so she didn't really have a clear identity/place in the game.   Here's the summary for the point to these changes: Riot is trying to establish a clear direction for Sej as a champion. They want her to be a good initiator that has okay damage and okay CC, they also seem to want to carve her out for the jungle (the lower CD on e and damage boost/aoe damage on w gives her great clear now). Like I said earlier, Sej isn't tanky, they're giving her % damage on her w so that you're required to initiate and be right next to someone to be useful (as a damage source) in teamfights. In order to survive this, you have to build tanky and neglect AP, so her damage won't get out of control (riot didn't like burst Sej, and to be honest, she wasn't the best). Again, think IDENTITY, this is Riots big thing now.   These changes, obviously intended to improve her jungling ability, will funnily enough make her a little bit better of a laner (what I'm used to playing her as) but she won't be as bursty.
1	Why would you want to promote this kind of lazy attitude?  Even as a joke?  I would prefer for the community to actually think and read over
0	Doesn't bring as much entertainment or value to reddit as OC would. And that's why there's an argument. If we're so complacent that we let reposting happen, then reddit will eventually be so recycled and lacking of real content that it will go the way of every failed content farm before it. Maybe all the users will leave reddit for 9gag.
1	I agree, he is not balanced enough. His E is too good for too many things; I mean really? Of all his spells, it has the highest damage, is aoe, has a slow, does the untargetable thing, and just outclasses his Q and W by so much, and ofcouse, there is also the fact that you go from 20 sek cd to 8, making him impossible to gank and very hard to catch out, whilst not missing out on damage...   I really want Riot to switch his damage from E to Q, and add the lucian Q mechanic to Fizz Q (it just feels wrong to die from not getting hit)...
1	This is the way things work out:   If LMQ gets destroyed at worlds, it shines negatively on China, and on NA. If LMQ can work their way to worlds in a short time and be destroyed internationally that shows a dilution in NA and negatively represents our region in terms of talent at the professional/semi level, since they came through the NALCS to get to worlds showing our pro-level as weaker. If they absolutely demolish the competition the positive effects won't carry over to NA as a region entirely. The international level will view LMQ as, "that Chinese team that went to NA" and the positive light will shine on the higher level of China and not accent and represent the higher levels of play in NA. (They are a Chinese team, playing in NA. It's really that simple)   TSM's results won't be judged the same way as the organization itself has been based out of NA for so long, but people will still be able to make the comment that the Dia/Challenger talent isnt represented internationally seeing as the majority of their roster is composed of foreign players. (Bjerg, Amazing, Lustboy). Dyrus and Tutle are shining NA stars, but TSM represents a...cliche idea of a melting pot of talents and ideas much like NA has been known to bring in through ALL walks of life. Not just e-sports.   Fans and players of all levels are completely allowed to feel discouraged. The players that they've loved for so long that have helped them cultivate their own talents, and NA as a region are not representing them at the international level. Instead they are being represented by foreign players that, in MY OWN VIEW NOT ANYONE ELSE's, came here for an easier ride to worlds because NA is traditionally a weaker region as a whole. (this is more of a business aspect than anything I feel) This leads to a major amount of butthurt fans, me being one of them.   These organizations do what they do for their own monetary gains, and honestly don't consider how the region of NA is viewed at the talent level of this game at all, and will do what they have to and bring in whoever they can to make a name for their brands. That's business.   But as I said, the NA scene isn't truly represented by the teams attending Worlds this year. The only way that NA truly represents itself in the proper fashion (from a native fan view) of actually cultivating talent and displaying it at max level is if C9 performs as EVERY member of their roster is native to the countries of NA.   I love and respect all the teams of the NA LCS, this includes the foreign players of the region. But people have to account that our region does suffer when others come over for an easier trip to worlds as the e-sports and pre-professional levels of this game are still being cultivated here. Some players are realizing that they WANT to do this with theirs lives, they WANT to be these voices of e-sports and represent NA at the international level, they have the passion to do these things. But at a business level they will never be able to achieve this seeing as despite however seriously we take this game throughout all of NA it will still be viewed as a game to the citizens of this region so we will probably NEVER be able to attain the god-like status/skills that players possess in the Asian regions.   NA players make too many mistakes, and in my view us and EU are probably the most human players of all the regions. We represent passion and drive, and not always maximum skill. Though we are good we may never be great, and the only way we can obtain this greatness is if players at the higher levels of Challenger and Diamond sacrifice their ego's and if E-sports clubs and businesses form and take risks with generally inconsistent players of this region.   Which is bad business. So our region will never truly be represented at the international level until another rag-tag team of NA heroes comes in like a wrecking ball and stands along side C9 with a similar story as theirs.
1	I think you should just increase your normal MMR by winning against people in your own level before aiming for higher. Since if you play with higher, you'll just feed ( Happens to me when i duo queue with my diamond buddies ) because i'm just not that good.
0	What I heard here... You don't care what the posted speed is and can't be bothered to slow down for 1/4 mile of road.  The likelihood you were only going 45 in the 45 zone is very low, considering your opening statement was that an increase of more than 25% the posted speed is "pretty close".   You see the local cops as greedy, quota-chasing bastards for sitting in an area that decreases the speed limit for no reason.   What if I told you that the police department doesn't control the speed limits... anywhere.  City council, DoT, etc. all have control over that.  Cops only enforce the rules that are there.  If you are exceeding the speed limit (and given we are talking city streets here, not highway) by 10 or more MPH, you should be given a ticket.   The fact that you can safely drive in a straight line at 45 instead of 35 in a 35 is irrelevant.  The speed is posted at 35, there are other factors on the road beside you.  Kid runs out on the street in front of you.  Traveling 45 in a 35 increases the killing power of your vehicle (more speed, more energy), decreases the amount of time you have to react, increases your stopping distance, all of this by factors of 25% or more based on that "pretty close" speed increase.
1	loleventvods Frapses the stream and uploads it directly using a beefy computer.   LCS Official channel broadcasts live and then, when the live is down, Youtube servers (arguably weaker than loleventvods computer as they process way more information) transforms the live into a video and auto-upload.
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
0	From [A Brief Primer on Vampire Biology](   Homo sapiens vampiris was a short-lived Human subspecies which diverged from the ancestral line between 800,000 and 500,000 year BP. More gracile than either neandertal or sapiens, gross physical divergence from sapiens included slight elongation of canines, mandibles, and long bones in service of an increasingly predatory lifestyle. Due to the relatively brief lifespan of this lineage, these changes were not extensive and overlapped considerably with conspecific allometries; differences become diagnostically significant only at large sample sizes (N>130).   However, while virtually identical to modern humans in terms of gross physical morphology, vampiris was radically divergent from sapiens on the biochemical, neurological, and soft-tissue levels. The GI tract was foreshortened and secreted a distinct range of enzymes more suited to a carnivorous diet. Since cannibalism carries with it a high risk of prionic infection2, the vampire immune system displayed great resistance to prion diseases3, as well as to a variety of helminth and anasakid parasites. Vampiris hearing and vision were superior to that of sapiens; vampire retinas were quadrochromatic (containing four types of cones, compared to only three among baseline humans); the fourth cone type, common to nocturnal predators ranging from cats to snakes, was tuned to near-infrared. Vampire grey matter was "underconnected" compared to Human norms due to a relative lack of interstitial white matter; this forced isolated cortical modules to become self-contained and hypereffective, leading to omnisavantic pattern-matching and analytical skills4.   Virtually all of these adaptations are cascade effects that— while resulting from a variety of proximate causes— can ultimately be traced back to a paracentric inversion mutation on the Xq21.3 block of the X-chromosome5. This resulted in functional changes to genes coding for protocadherins (proteins that play a critical role in brain and central nervous system development). While this provoked radical neurological and behavioral changes, significant physical changes were limited to soft tissue and microstructures that do not fossilise. This, coupled with extremely low numbers of vampire even at peak population levels (existing as they did at the tip of the trophic pyramid) explains their virtual absence from the fossil record.   Significant deleterious effects also resulted from this cascade. For example, vampires lost the ability to code for -Protocadherin Y, whose genes are found exclusively on the hominid Y chromosome6. Unable to synthesise this vital protein themselves, vampires had to obtain it from their food. Human prey thus comprised an essential component of their diet, but a relatively slow-breeding one (a unique situation, since prey usually outproduce their predators by at least an order of magnitude). Normally this dynamic would be utterly unsustainable: vampires would predate humans to extinction, and then die off themselves for lack of essential nutrients.   Extended periods of lungfish-like dormancy7 (the so-called "undead" state)—and the consequent drastic reduction in vampire energetic needs— developed as a means of redressing this imbalance. To this end vampires produced elevated levels of endogenous Ala-(D) Leuenkephalin (a mammalian hibernation-inducing peptide8) and dobutamine, which strengthens the heart muscle during periods on inactivity9.   Another deleterious cascade effect was the so-called "Crucifix Glitch"— a cross-wiring of normally-distinct receptor arrays in the visual cortex10, resulting in grand mal-like feedback siezures whenever the arrays processing vertical and horizontal stimuli fired simultaneously across a sufficiently large arc of the visual field. Since intersecting right angles are virtually nonexistent in nature, natural selection did not weed out the Glitch until H. sapiens sapiens developed Euclidean architecture; by then, the trait had become fixed across H. sapiens vampiris via genetic drift, and—suddenly denied access to its prey—the entire subspecies went extinct shortly after the dawn of recorded history.
0	14? I'm 15 and the most action I have gotten is a peck on the cheek. I was 7 and at Disneyworld an got a peck on the cheek from Sleeping Beauty.
0	I know Leitey, basically, as terrible co-worker finally quit and his wife celebrated along with them (she worked with them).
1	It's really a ratio of skill/entertainment. Guardsmanbob is incredibly entertaining to some people, but his skill isn't on par with Hotshot. I also enjoy watching starcraft, and destiny, who is one of the more popular streamers, is incredibly entertaining to watch, but doesn't have the same skill level as other pro's who stream who are less entertaining tend to have a similar number of viewers.
1	She got hurt a bit with the new itemization but she's still the wrecking crane she always was, albeit with a smaller wrecking ball. Riot keeps toning her down slowly without actually touching what gives her the most power, Hiten Style.
1	Play Calmer. When you let people get in your head you start thinking about how they are assholes, just play to have fun. This is a game so thats the ultimate goal. If your stressed while playing something thats supposed to relieve stress then your doing something wrong.   ELO is just a meaningless number, it doesnt suggest the amount of fun you have. You basically have 2 options in a win or a loss. You can rage at your team because they are all trolls that are out to get you. Or you can take the game for what its worth and learn from the mistakes you made. (everyone makes mistakes at least once a game)
1	So what you are saying is that you stopped playing the champions you wanted to play and had fun with, to play on Renekton 'cause he snowballs lane like hell? How I got to platinum: I played what I wanted which ever position I got stuck with/wanted and made it work.
0	I'm going to go ahead and admit what you probably already assumed: I am not an expert on food addiction. I'm sorry that you struggle with that issue, and I hope that you are happy, or if not that you can find a way to be happy regardless of what sounds like a difficult problem.   What follows is unsolicited advice, so please stop reading if you aren't interested. I know you've probably heard everything I'm about to say before, and I know you probably don't care what some stranger on the internet has to say. And maybe you don't care to change you life at all, that's cool too. Just in case you haven't heard these thoughts and are interested, I figured I'd write them out. Mostly for my own benefit, I guess. For the TiTP kind of crowd, I guess I'll throw a [TW: calorie counting, exercise advice, unsolicited advice, fat shaming, whatever else]   If you have the means to see a therapist and don't already, it's worth looking into. If you've never seen a cognitive behavioral therapist and have the means to see one, it is worth mentioning that some people see incredible success with this method. Talk therapy can be very helpful as well. This isn't meant to be condescending. I see a therapist regularly, even when I don't feel the need. Just to clear the old noggin.   Tracking your calories sounds really lame. It's boring and tedious, and it take a long time to see any effects. The thing is, it works. Guaranteed. If you buy a food scale, which are about $20, it's pretty easy to be super accurate. The wonderful thing about calorie counting is that if you are accurate in your reporting and you hit your caloric goals, you can eat pretty much whatever you want. The key is to find out you TDEE which you can do [here]( If you eat around 200-300 calories less than your TDEE a day then you will lose weight at a healthy rate. Even if those calories are made up of shitting things. It's better if you do it with healthy food, but you can still do it eating junk food. The difference is that with junk food you will hit your calorie limit much sooner. The other great thing about a healthy diet is that you can give yourself a cheat day or meal and still see results. If you can make it a week eating healthy, then it isn't a problem to eat all the unhealthy crap you want once a week. I maintain a healthy weight by counting calories and exercising, but once a week I go to town and eat an entire pizza and a pint of ice cream, or a burger and fries and a pint of ice cream. I make a day of it and eat greasy foods for breakfast and lunch too, because I feel like letting myself go entirely for one day helps keep me on track for the rest of the week.   The other thing, which obviously you have heard before, is that if you exercise heavily then you can eat a lot and still lose weight. If you are exercising heavily, you can eat a lot of carbs and it isn't a problem. For a lot of people an injury or condition like asthma prevents them from being to active. That's a rough deal. For most injuries, you can work around them in some way though. I would recommend weight lifting to pretty much everyone. The benefit of weight lifting over a lot of cardio is that weight lifting causes you to burn calories even when you aren't at the gym. Your body burns calories while you are resting to build the muscles that you used to lift. There are all kinds of ways to get into lifting, and tons of great subreddits and youtube channels that can help get you started.   The other pseudo-science thing I want to say, which please feel free to ignore, is that it seems like maybe you could try to re-locate your reward response to a slightly healthier food. For instance, fries are pretty bad for you. Sweet potato fries are much less bad for you, but have similar properties. I love to reward myself for a good week of exercise with a big pile of sweet potato fries.   It's obviously not the same, but I have a pretty unhealthy relationship with ice cream, if you didn't notice when I was talking about my cheat days. I've eaten at least a pint in one sitting every week for about nine years now. Oftentimes I ate more. That probably doesn't sound to horrible, but I get pretty compulsive about it. I can't skip a week, I can't wait an extra two days, I can't change which brand or flavor. If I try I feel really upset and fixate on until I can find the flavor I like. I've spent hours looking for the right kind of ice cream, going from shop to shop. I'm less crazy about it now because when I'm craving ice cream I say, "no, I get to have ice cream on Sunday. If I have it now then I haven't earned it." It helps me, it might not help anyone else.
0	I actually used to work on one of those suicide hotlines.  I was the only male on a team of about a dozen operators.  I have a very obviously masculine voice (people used to say I should do radio), and as a result I had more immediate hang-up callers than the rest of the team combined.   Often this was due to guys calling in just to hear a female voice to whack it to.  You would know this when 5 minutes later another call comes in, gets a female operator, and her face sours quickly.   The thing is that a lot of lonely men call these suicide hotlines just looking for a sympathetic voice.  The vast majority of callers are not suicidal.  Hell, we even had regular callers we knew by name who just wanted to talk about their day.  A couple of the girls used to work on sex hotlines, and they said it was exactly the same on the hotlines - the majority of their time was spent with regular callers who weren't even looking for "sexy talk", but just a sympathetic ear.   I was there part-time for a year, and we NEVER had a legitimately suicidal person call in crisis.
0	I developed gluten/wheat, soy, and corn allergies in my early 30s. You don't know what hell it's been for me. Including the circus that has become going out to eat. It's even worse when your friends and family can't wrap their heads around the idea of someone developing a food allergy.
1	Oh I had few of those. One is the most intense game ending I ever had > They took 3x inhib in our base but I've managed to 1vs5 penta them as Morde at our nexus and it let my team stall long enough for our inhibs to respawn. Few minutes later we got 1 inhib and 2 nexus towers but they backdoored and took our inhibs again. Shortly after that everyone but me died at giant 5v4 baron throw. I was in their base mashing nexus when their inhib respawned so I couldn't finish, meanwhile enemy supers were approaching our nexus from all sides, all my teammates dead with 30+ death timers. Enemy adc Sivir respawned and tried to stop me from backing, but I ended up killing her with good ol' dfg-flash-mace-to-the-face-e-ignite combo and got her ghost. As there was no point to back anyway I've used Sivir to take inhib and started attacking their nexus again while our 20%nexus was swarmed by at least 100 enemy minions and no one to defend. As it was described to me, we won thanks to winions that spawned among enemy supers and drew tiny bit of aggro that stopped them from attacking our  16 HP  nexus for final second in which me and Sivir did the 50g last hit, all in front of enemy team flashing and throwing everything at me. I never had this big adrenaline rush while playing League.
1	That is honestly one of the main reasons I don't like to play much anymore. normals are boring and ranked is full of retards like that. Fortunatly for me I've been able to come to terms with the fact that 90% of the people I play with will bitch just to bitch, and are in the wrong most of the time, so i just ignore them. Not ignore in-game, cuz i like to see how retarded the people i'm playing with are, i just don't reply.   Which actually brings up a point i didn't think of. I've had quite a few games myself where I do poorly and feed and just ignore people when they say noob gg feeder fgt lawl. Most of the time they dont say anything after that, sometimes they will remind me that I'm bad when i die again, but a lot of times they don't. A couple times I decided to say something back and it was like throwing rocket fuel onto an H-bomb. I'ts like when you learned in school to just ignore bullies cuz they are just trying to get a rise out of you, if you dont give them what they want they will move on and start raging at someone else.
0	For me, I do not like to talk in definites in case I am wrong. I pretty much always have to add an "or something" to an object in my sentence. In the face vein, saying "like" makes me less of an accidental liar when I am wrong. Plus many other people do it, so I probably did too, at least when I was younger. I do not think I say it nearly as much now though, unless I am actually wanting to use a simile.
0	I used to live right in front of a pond with geese in it. One day two teenage girls started throwing sticks at the geese and they got yelled at for doing so. Eventually after ignoring the pissed off neighbor,  one of them got bit by a goose and got chased through water. They came back with their dad to the neighbor and tattled on him for yelking at them. Their excuse: "We were throwing sticks at them to help them build their homes." Neighbor got off scoff-free, and the teenage twats got bitched at by their dad, got grounded and cried when he took away their iPhones.
0	It's definitely going to depend on your kid. When my wife was a child, just the thought that she was going to disappoint her parents or make them sad was enough to get her to stay in line. But some kids aren't motivated that way, and that doesn't mean they're assholes. They're just not finished developing that part of their conscience yet.   With my son, we tried a lot of stuff when he went through his terrible three's. He didn't give a shit about our approval, he wouldn't sit still for time out, he didn't care if we yelled (which we weren't that keen on doing anyway). So for him, I instigated "time out" for me. I'd just say, "I don't want to be around you when you're acting like this," and walk into the next room. He'd follow me around for a few minutes, first furious, and then sad, and I'd ignore him until he finally broke the mood, and then give him lots of love.   For really extreme instances--he has a drawer full of crap toys. Y'know, McDonald's happy meal toys, that kind of bullshit. If he was being a real monster, we'd say, "stop what you are doing, or I will throw a toy away." And then if he didn't stop, one of those toys went into the trash. And it didn't come back out. If he kept it up, he'd lose another one. We only had to do it a few times before he caught on.
0	Hey op would you believe those biological differences are caused by more than thousands of years of social construction(if women never went hunting for 3000 years they may be not as good as men to do it) and that the actual socialisation of today exagerates those differences to the point it determines roles playable by each gender
1	I have watched QT for a long time.  He has been a lot more hostile with his humor than he was in the past.  I am not liking the direction he is going.  I also miss the games in between queue.  That was the best part of his stream in my opinion and it sucks he currently isn't doing it.
0	My father has been gone now for almost 16 years and I am 23. I barely even knew my father and I was lucky to even have the short amount of time I had with him. He was diagnosed with a rare strand Melanoma cancer when I was a one year old and his estimated time to pass was a year and a half after his diagnosis. He fought on for 7 more years and was called the "Miracle Man" at the hospital and when he did pass he donated his body to medical research to help future cancer stricken patients. This was all in 1997.   Just last night I was out with co-workers at a Happy Hour event sponsored by my company. Drank a couple of beers and had a small amount of scotch then I stopped suddenly. "I miss my dad..." was muttered and then I made my escape home. I took the BART train home and reflected on the short list of memories I had stored. My father taking me to Newegg with my brother and buying Command and Conquer: Red Alert, my birthday when he bought me a basketball hoop and I pleaded for him to dunk it (he was 6'4) and he almost pulled down the whole thing on top of himself he slammed it so hard, all the times myself and my siblings would rush the door when he came home my older brother taking a leg and myself the other while Steph was picked up (She was always his Princess) then my mom giving him his kiss as he walked with all of us attached, and finally playing Command and Conquer: Red Alert in the pouring rain on the blackest night as two strange men in all black rubber coats carried down a zippered bag carrying my fathers lifeless body along with his collections of gifts we had on his bed like a shrine and each of his fingers carrying as many rings Stephanie could fit on them. I got off the train went into my girlfriends Jetta and balled. I cried shamelessly and let it all flow out of me, she comforted me and listened. No advice, just listened to my incoherent ramblings. Not sure why it hit me on random March night that my father will never see my children, my girlfriend, what I had made of myself, and to never hear his approval of my actions is something I will live with for the rest of my life.   One of my proudest moments is taking my sister to all her Father/Daughter dances. Telling her she is beautiful and intelligent as much as I can. Checking in on her and making sure she is doing well in school. Since my brother is in the Airforce now I keep trying to have a masculine presence supporting her as much as possible.   I remember now wishing death on myself then, hoping that the Grim Reaper would make a trade for my father and bring back the family I loved so much for Mothers, Brothers, and Sisters sake. (Do not make this a atheist vs religion debate this is a timetable of events) After my father past my family completely stopped going to church and when my mother tried to get us to go back my brother told her, "I don't need fairy tales Mom, if God would let Dad die for no reason other than His plan I don't need to waste my time every Sunday." We were all kids 10, 8, and 4 years old trying to make sense of something so world stopping. Started failing in school after being in the gifted students program and became a fixture on the Principals wall. I made a promise to myself then that I would take care of his legacy, my family, to make him proud of me. I have refused my families help and put myself through college at San Francisco State, been working to make this a possibility since I was 14 1/2 years old, and I am graduating this year hopefully with Honors. I wish now more than ever I had a guiding hand of unconditional love and trust he could have provided me while realizing how lucky I am for the people in my life.   When my dreams stopped coming as frequently I felt guilty like I was subconsciously trying to put him out of my mind.   There is no nice bow to put on this, it is messy, it is real, it is my life.
0	It was more a joke than thick sarcasm.   But, I wouldn't provide a link if I was just being an asshole.   I'm genuinelt trying to answer you and curious your opinion on my answer.
1	Its only for Garena. But what they mean is that you cannot give away champions/skins that you own. There isn't really a way for us to purchase RP for friends besides buying Garena shells for them. I think Garena probably copy pasted that text from somewhere.
1	I'm 99% sure that almost all rioters play soloQ too, and are afflicted with trollgames just like you are, and hate it as much as you do.
1	Wasn't even that. They got outplayed in every lane. They won every lane if not went even. You can't do that against a jax, and Bengi had a lot better ganks. Also poo and piglet dominated bot lane every 2v2 they had.  edit
1	I believe its support. And i will explain why. I didn'n thought support would make that difference too, but low elo supports don't exactly support. Most of them just give you heal, they don't know how to ward, where to ward, when to ward or use cv. I've been playing sona a little, and i have 80% win ratio with her. My elo raised 200 points or more just playing with her. If you are a good support you will be a huge advantage for your team, in team fights or whenever they need. Now, why is support the most influential position? Because you will find a lot or nice players that can go solotop, jungle, mid and bot. But you will almost never find a good support. So, if you can fit that space in your team, the nice players can do what they want.
1	I always try to give people the benefit of the doubt. Maybe he was having a bad day, abuse family, or relationship problem and he is taking it out on you guys instead. Its not justified but I think it cant be helped sometimes.
1	I think with the addition of Altec, you personally have been playing a lot better recently (minus that flash, you know which one I'm talking about). I also think that your teams level of success is pretty closely tied with Snoopeh's level of play. Some games he seems to play fairly well and you usually win, some games he doesn't have much of an effect and things slowly get out of hand.
1	They're, Diamond I, Diamond I, Diamond I, and Diamond IV.  One guy is Gold III because he just doesn't really play ranked.  I know them personally.   Xiggalo (linked above) Tatertot  (His top team is Plat V, but "Spirit of the Bear," the team mentioned before, is still gold V; you can check)   I think the other's left the team, because I checked their profiles, and they aren't on it anymore.  But you can also check Zelphar and stumpyupy and thecais.   And yeah.  It got decayed from Gold IV.   I don't link one shot evidence or talk about personal experience normally because I think single instances are not really hard evidence, and personal accounts aren't really useful because they're 1) biased and 2) difficult to prove.  But since you make sweeping statements like "This never happens," I'll do it.  One example only makes a point if you're disproving a generalization.  Which I'm doing here.  Meanwhile, you're taking single examples and saying they're representative of an entire system without doing research or even understanding why things are how they are.  So in this case, I'll give you a single experience as an example to show you that your placements aren't going to put you against people with similar solo queue MMR all the time.   The first time I was in Ranked 5's placement was this season because I just didn't bother.  My first game was against an all bronze team.  My second game was against an all platinum team.  The next three games were against mixes of Platinum and Gold players.  In the end, we went 4/1, losing the last game.  We ended up placed in Silver IV.  At the time, my team was comprised of only gold players from Gold II to Gold V with comparable MMR (meaning they're placed with players in similar tiers to their ranking).  A couple guys on the team had other ranked teams that were in bronze.   By your logic, we should have been placed somewhere in low Gold, probably, but we were placed against bronze people, platinum people, and gold people.  The one commonality was probably that we all had similar team MMRs (bronze or nothing).  I didn't check.   So yes, I have played ranked teams and experienced the system.  I also know a lot of Diamond players who play ranked teams and get placed in Plat or Gold just or even Silver because they don't play ranked teams much.   Froskurinn -  She has a Diamond II, a Diamond III, and two other Diamond IVs on her team.  They are Alamander, Mirahei, Shepdoggy, and Aimr.  Their team is Plat IV, but she has a lower ranked team that she plays with lower ELO friends at Silver II.
1	So. You play support nidalee, take all the kills, go AP and don't ward. It's normals after all, and if they're messing with you why not mess with them? Or just lock in your role, they won't want to lose as premade, they'll conform.
1	We're probably just mean bastards for criticizing something so fresh and ambitious I guess. It's just that the whole commotion made me discover league factions website and they are a bit bummed, now I feel that way a bit too.
1	I got the same feeling: I'm primarily duoQ'ing with a friend of mine, and we constantly lose one, win one, lose one, win one etc.   Until we had a win streak of about 5, in which we both got promoted (I got promoted to Platinum IV).   He wasn't online for 2 days, so I started playing SoloQ instead. Guess what? Won 2 and got to 42 LP. What happened next is just... :O...   Lost 1 game due to trolling in champ select (banning pre-called champions, not mine though). Lost another game from SUPER toxic players (get **ncer and stuff like that). So I was back down to 0 LP.   Had one more game in which we had 2 premades, flaming constantly for the first 15 minutes. After that, they seemed to have been brainwashed and started talking as if we were a super pro team (really, they were talking as if noone had flamed). Even though it was a it too late (we were 14-33 by that time) and ofcourse lost that game... Resulting in me demoting from Plat IV to Plat V within 3 games in Plat IV...
1	Any role can theoretically carry.  A support with awesome ability can turn a team of below average players into a victory.  A blitzcrank that lands clutch pulls, a Soraka that lands clutch heals, a Janna that controls engagements there are countless ways supports can make a difference.   You are right though, Support is probably the least carrying.  If I had to rank them I would go Jungle>Top>Mid>ADC>Support.   That being said it sort of depends on the champion more than the role.  Lee Sin in the jungle can carry a team of just about anything to victory because of how powerful he is early.  On the other hand, tanky support junglers like Maokai have trouble with that because they depend on their team to fufill their roles.
