0	I worked in a (very busy) kitchen downtown, and when I first started there were quite a few people who were smokers and were allowed to go have a smoke break every so often and there wasn't any kind of limit. (for story purposes, know that I had officially quit smoking almost a year prior to this job). Fast forward a few weeks and I'm cooking by myself (it's a 3/4-man line which can be run by 1 or 2 if it's slow enough) when it starts getting busy. I look around to ask someone for some help getting the food out, but the manager, prep cook, and my other line cook are all out back smoking. I had to go outside and tell them that we're getting busy and I need one of them, they all act like I just ruined their birthday party for a few seconds, then come in and get back work (everyone is on the clock btw). This sort of thing continues happening for months, and I, being the reliable cook who doesn't leave the kitchen at all during his shift except to pee, become sort of 'the man' in the kitchen(everybody loves working with me). I should also mention that this job gives no breaks at all, unless you're working 2 shifts - which will allow you to have MAYBE an hour between the two. So at a team meeting I bring up the fact that some people (the smokers) are allowed breaks to go smoke, while the rest of us are forced to stay inside and work our entire shifts without any break at all. I explained that, to me, this meant: 'Smokers get special privileges because they have a bad habit, and the healthy people can go fuck themselves' and that I'm gonna start smoking so I can have breaks too. So I bought a pack of Marlboro's the next day on my way in and in the middle of my shift when business was dying down I went out back lit one up and sat down. For the next month(maybe 2) I kept this up, making sure that whenever I went outside for a smoke, there was someone watching the kitchen who had done the same to me. After being 'talked to' (scolded) by each manager about my antics, I wrote an e-mail to corporate, and stopped(I didn't get addicted again so quitting smoking was easy). Not a week later an email went out to all stores that smoke breaks on the clock are no longer allowed, and in-fact, they're encouraging all employees to quit for good and offering help in doing so. This led to my manager allowing us to have actual breaks every couple hours if we wanted them (we'd have to tell him before he made the schedule for the week if we wanted our shifts broken up or straight-through) so that the smokers aren't getting paid to grow their cancer, and the non-smokers are happy that they can finally have breaks without getting yelled at.
1	Actually Tier 1 runes are incredibly good for the price. For new accounts you should uy tier 1 runes. But you also should Skip tier 2 runes.   I've leveled 4 accounts and it's always best to use Tier 1 runes. You save your money for the Tier 3 runes that you can buy once you reach lvl 20. Then by the time you reach lvl 30 you have 2 full rune pages that let you either play most roles except jungler maybe, unless you buy runes for Support/jungler roles and these days jungler runes pretty much are top lane runes anyhow.   I just don't see the need to speed up the leveling of accounts for new people. I feel it is the best way to learn the league.   I still see new lvl 30 accounts where the players really still don't have a clue how to play this game properly.   I'm not sure what you gain by letting them be even more naive about the game play in ranked when they are only letting thier teammates down by being so bad at this game.   You can;t learn this game in 2 weeks or even once month. It takes months to learn this game properly. Therefore the leveling process. IMHO is the right way to let people learn to play this game properly.
1	Sigh. Firstly, I've been climbing steadily since I placed, I'm not complaining about anything. Secondly, different people find enjoyment in this game in different ways. I've been climbing steadily since I placed, which is great because I enjoy the game more when I know I'm decent at it, but I'd rather be in a league where I spend so long trying to improve that I end up with a veteran badge, you know? Because then I'll know for sure where my skill level is at and I'll learn more from my opponents. I play for fun, I always do. I wouldn't play if it wasn't fun.   Edit: I always end up talking too much.
1	how MKZ reacted when they saw flame while taking down the nexus](   but in the end the
0	I'm sorry. I too am a nurse, and my daughter was born with a kidney disorder (reflux disease). I had a wonderful, very understanding job that was over an hour (one way) from my house that I had to quit because it was too far away. When I interviewed for my next job, I explained the situation and told them that I might have to call off at the last minute because Ava would suddenly take ill, which was the truth. She'd be fine at night, then wake up with a 104 temp, which meant a trip to the ER, for direct admit to the hospital, with a minimum of 3 days spent for IV abx. They told me it was fine, they understood, no big deal. Small community hospital, with a great staff. Sounds perfect, right? Well, after a few call offs and days spent in the hospital with my daughter I got a talking too about "abusing the system". I tried covering for others when she was well, working over and coming in early so other Moms could attend ball games, field trips, and the like. Then Ava got really sick and was scheduled for surgery. When I went in to talk to them about scheduling time off for her surgery, they told me I was no longer full time (bye bye benefits) and was now PRN status (as needed for non-medical), but I would continue to work my full time shift. I said "No, thank you", turned in my 2 weeks, and quit at the end of that time. Money is tight as hell now, with little to none left over after bills and food and medications, but I know my daughter is worth it. She's had her surgery, and is doing great now, and I will be looking for another job at the end of summer, and I would not take back what I did for anything.
0	As a bald man, I would like for strangers not to embrace me, at least not unless I'm comfortable with your level of personal hygiene. Of course, that means we'd likely not be strangers anymore, as we would have exchanged enough communication that I was aware of and felt comfortable with your hygiene levels, at least immediately if not generally.
1	I was just thinking today that Esports fans don't seem to be dedicated to any specific teams. I grew up in Massachusetts and I love football so my favorite team are the Patriots and I don't switch to a new favorite team because they lose a super bowl or are accused of cheating, I'm a Pats fan. My friend who introduced me to the LCS is a TSM fan and so I became one too, they are a good team and they're fun to watch. After MSI I'm still a TSM fan, they dominated this split and the had a great performance at IEM, one bad weekend of games doesn't make TSM bad. Throughout MSI I've seen people switch favorite teams and some even switch favorite regions and when something goes wrong they jump off the bandwagon and on to the next one. I do think Dyrus has some stuff he could do better, I think Santorin needs to have a bigger impact on the game and I think loco is over confident and that could be affecting his coaching, but I'm not a pro or a coach, I don't know how to fix these problems or if there's more to it than what we see.
1	Yellowstar has been my favourite player for a while now. There aren't many players who could swap roles so seamlessly and even surpass the level they were on before, although you could argue that support is where he always belonged. The guys mentality is fantastic which is reflected in interviews and by his weight loss. I hope Fnatic can stay consistent and put in a good showing at worlds this year because he really deserves it.
1	Here's Riot Foro's [answer](  >"Hey guys.   >This is something definitely on our radar, and has been a talking point in our various teams at Riot for quite some time now.   >We're currently working on ways to make matchmaking more intelligent so this can be possible. The last thing we want to do is make NA East and West servers and change things up, so there's a lot of design decisions to take into account.   >In the meantime, we're working at optimising the connectivity from the East Coast to our servers on the West. This stuff does take time - but I promise we're constantly working in ALL of our regions on making it the best experience for everybody.   >
1	Teemo       Toxic Shot:         Ability Power ratio on impact reduced to 0.3 from 0.4.       Noxious Trap:         Damage reduced at later ranks to 200/325/450 from 200/400/600.         Fixed: Tooltip now indicates the correct cooldown.   *This nerf was applied on December 14th,   Liandry's Torment     Ability power reduced to 50 from 60.     Damage per second increased to 2% from 1.66%.     Damage-over-time and multi-target spells no longer have reduced effect.     Fixed damage effect not being properly reapplied on targets that already have it.   *This change was applied on February 13th.   So with a nerf of 10AP, but a buff on the passive being increased to 2% and no longer reducing the passive on DOT effects, mushrooms are once again too strong.  People can deny it all they want, but save my post, go ahead, and watch in the coming patches this will be addressed with either a Liandry's nerf or a straight up Teemo nerf, I fully guarantee it.
0	This was my life recently.   She just needed two days to think but she knew she wanted to be with me.  That time kept growing and growing, all the while she had no problems going out with friends she only had a problem seeing me.  Then every time I got angry about it and wanted some sort of a concrete answer she would get angry and say I was throwing away our relationship.  Then I saw her at the concert we were supposed to go together to with another guy.
0	America has the unfortunate distinction of having set a precedent that they cannot escape from. I'm an Aussie and I love America. I've travelled America twice and can't wait to go back. I think it's the birthplace of modern culture in many forms and that Americans have pushed the boundaries of politics, art, industry and science further than any other nation in the post-industrial world. I even think that America's interventionism was somewhat good-hearted to a point (up until Vietnam, perhaps) although I know many will disagree with me.   I don't like what America has turned into. The 'American dream' is the greatest ideal to strive toward since the emergence of the middle class, but that seems to have been turned into a carpet that the corrupt lobbyists kneel on when worshiping their corporate gods and the military-industrial complex. I want the old America back (minus the racial stuff, obviously, like any country in the modern world).
0	Yes, and it will not impress them that you learn the process either. They expect you to.   edit: in fact I guess you could say is that the only thing that impresses a professor is consistent adherence to the method they teach while consistently answering questions correctly. So
0	I had 15mg of that and 2 coronas and I blacked out, broke my front tooth (skate "boarding"). And that was less than 24h after Acid for the first time.
1	short answer no, long answer NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
1	Congratulations to the submissions Roflwaffle07's gets my vote :).   Now a quick little aside for Vulcan. I would "strongly" advise picking a logo and than taking it to a qualified designer for refinement. The hardest part of designing a logo for an organisation is always getting that initial concept that everyone likes from there on in the refinement is usually a fairly painless process, that being said its also the most important because it generally adds that level of polish that all high quality well thought out logos have.   Branding in any organisation is extremely important and the quality of esports branding has been improving alot recently EG, CW, MRN are probably the stand outs off the top of my head. Roflwaffle07's probably needs the least refinement the shape of the logo is generally good bar some minor changes (i.e the negative space under the "wings" etc) and some font refinement. Pherzghul's logo would need a bit more work as the colors (specifically that red and a tightening up of the the chrome finish) spacing and font could all use some work. My two cents.
1	lols and I am not, its comes from the ability to make smite viable outside of lane   u think that in a lane swap, many top laners didnt think to take smite< u know why they dont, cuz they get ntohing from it out side of lane and it feels like a waste of a sum   with sabr, the smite active is relevent outside of the jungle, which is why it is strong right now   yeah the item is cheaper than sunfire, which is obviously makes it a better buy, but cinderhulk is a late game scaling item, for its cost, the base health is nothing while the immolate from the actual sunfire is stronger   its the sabr that makes taking top viable, I mean if they made the cinderhulk similar to sunfire, it would be just as good, gromp passive, dude half the time gromp isnt even on ur side of the map...   ur right that sabr on its own isnt great, but its combination of not being able to farm lane to being able to farm jungle and be relevent late taht makes it a better item from some top laners in competative play
0	This is going to end up buried, but oh well.  So there has been a lot going around reddit in reaction to the media and this new round of accusations about video games causing  violence.  I realize that I am preaching to the choir here, but I have to vent a little bit.  Most of this comes from my experience as a graduate student in Science and Technology Studies.  My own research is in space policy, so I’m far from an expert on video games and violence, but I just can’t bring myself to keep out of this one.   This media assumption that that video games cause violence is what is academically known as technological determinism.  Essentially this is the theory that technology is the prime mover for social change.  In this case that the media is claiming that the technology of video games (and more generally computers and the internet) is causing an increase in violent behavior in children, teens, and young adults.  But what is wrong with that, it sounds good.  We can all think of lots of ways that technology changes society.  But really it is never that simple.  Technological change and social change happen simultaneously and change each other simultaneously.  They co-produce each other.  What does that mean?  It means that video games are part of a complex web of interactions between different technological and social factors that are simultaneously influencing one another in completely unknown and unpredictable ways.  Certainly video games influence the behavior of those who play them, just like any hobby or activity influences those who partake in them.  But the system is so complicated it is literally impossible to determine exactly how video games influence young people.  A plethora of other factors are important as well.  Poverty, education, parenting styles, divorce, culture, bullying, behavior of authority figures, behavior of role model figures, drug and alcohol use, television, movies, and an almost endless list of social and technological factors influence violence while simultaneously being influenced by violence, and influencing each other.  Does your brain hurt yet?  If not just try to figure out exactly how these factors interact to create the workings of our complex society.  Just kidding, don’t bother, it isn’t possible.  Yet here we have groups of people and news stories trying to claim that no, it is video games.  It has to be video games.  This type of argument is highly reductionist.  It takes a highly complex system of co-production and reduces it down to a simple, easy to understand, yet horribly inaccurate linear system of cause and effect.  Reductionist arguments pertaining to the interaction of technology and society have always been wrong, and video games and violence is no different. The common criticism of reductionist arguments about video games is that the real reason people do it is because they don’t like video games.  So whenever a young person commits a violent act, inevitably video games become the cause.  While I’m sure this is present, I don’t think this is very simple either.  If I had to hazard a guess, though, I would say it is awfully close.  People are, in fact, looking for something to blame.  Nobody wants their kids to die, and nobody wants to see kids killing other kids, or anybody for that matter.  Assigning blame is the easiest way to try to find a solution.  If there is a single discrete cause, well then that makes it easy to stop!  In this case, if the cause is video games, then all we have to do is get rid of the video games and all of a sudden, violence will stop.  This sounds crazy, and it is, but it is also a normal reaction.  But why video games then?  Again, this is just my theory on the matter, but I don’t think it is entirely due to just a dislike for video games.  Although, again, I’m sure that plays a part.  Technology in general is easy to assign as the cause of social change.  Technology’s influence on society is so much more obvious than many other aspects of this complex network of co-production that actually occurs.  Video games have completely altered what people choose to do in their recreational time.  It has spawned the largest entertainment industry in the world.  In other words, it is very, very obvious.  This is often the case with technology, and it doesn’t always lead to technological blame either.  Technologies are often credited with revolutionizing our societies in positive ways when, in fact, they are just operating as a single node in a complex network of change.   But let’s be honest.  There is very little these anti-video game groups can do to prevent video games from being played.  The industry is just too big and video games are just too popular.  But that still leaves the problem of these tragic events.  Perhaps all the energy that is being dedicated to the witch hunt against video games would be better served addressing some of these real issues that influence violence at least as much as video games, like education, or mental health medical infrastructure.  There are any number of social ills that almost certainly cause more violence than do video games.
0	Fuck that shit,
0	I think I can answer that as I was in the same situation as your friend until 2011. Basically, a lot of govs followed [WCAG 1 AAA]( which was created back in 1999 when JS and the web in general wasn't very user friendly and had very restrictive accessibility standards.   Fast forward 10 years later, the web is completely different and the rules are out of date. Screen readers for people with disabilities are better and there is no need for all these rules.   Most place now follow  WCAG 2 .
0	When you drive you are controlling a 4000 pound projectile traveling up to 70+ miles her hour. You are single handedly steering a machine capable of killing multiple people, so u better be in a proper state of mind when u do it. This includes alcohol and other drugs, distractions (cell phone, music, passengers), emotions, lack of sleep, and weather.   I see people here saying they can get a little high and drive an be fine. It's not you I care about, it's me, my family and anyone else you have the potential to kill. Bottom line if you are going to drive, then drive. Don't text, drink, fight, smoke or anything that takes your eyes off the road because the second you do, you have unleashed a massive, lethal killing machine unto the world that is controlled by no one but chance.
0	If you support the idea of states rights, I think you are an idiot. In the civil war states rights meant allowing slavery. Look at the first article of South Carolina's Declaration of Causes of Secession is about their state-right to own slaves. It was certainly the rallying cry of the Confederacy, even if it was also the rallying cry of the Union (which is debatable). After the war, state's rights meant not allowing reconstruction(i.e. allowing black people to vote, own property, live without persecution, etc.). Then it meant allowing Jim Crow laws and segregation. Now it means banning gay marriage and abortion rights. State's rights has always been a trumped up argument for state sanctioned oppression throughout American history. A strong federal government is the only thing that has made civil rights possible in this country.
0	Oh professor, you're hysterical. Can I get your e-mail one more time though? I've misplaced my notebook and need to turn in my essay!   seriously though, have you caught on this is the internet and sometimes people type on phones that mess up your words or they simply don't feel the need to use special formatting for an informal social dialogue, much like the every day language spoken by everyone instead of what many consider "Proper English"
0	Wouldn't say its an argument, I just made the connection about the metric system the same you said why can't we all just have same outlets. If go to the states, the speedo has Kilometers per hour as well as miles, and I can read...and if I wanna know the weather, well good thing my phone can tell me in celsius and farenheit. I don't care either. I was just jokingly making a retaliation and if people misread that, then too bad.
0	My favourite occurrence of this is when I was driving my girlfriends car which is only a little 1.0 litre Volkswagen Up.   I pulled off the motorway still doing around 75mph on the first part of the slip road, and an Audi S5 flew past me. Must have been doing 90+.   He hits the lights at the bottom, comes to a stop, edges forward a few feet (I'm still coming down the slip road at this point.) After having gone too far forward he stops, and I can see from the exhausts and slight rattling of the car he's revving it for the quick pull away.   The thing he's failed to notice is that past this set of traffic lights is another set. And past that set of traffic lights is another set. And they're all on red.   However I know that when the lights to the right of our road turn red for the other traffic, there is around a 1 second gap before ours turn green. I also know that if I hold it steady at 40mph going through the first set. The lights at the next set will turn green before I reach them.   I also know that I can then increase my speed to 50mph and the next set will change just before I reach them.   You can probably guess what happens next.   I coast through the first set in the 2nd lane next to him. He floors it. Reaches the 2nd set of lights before me. They're still on red. He comes to a stop. I proceed through that set and pass him at 40mph. He floors it. Up my speed to 50mph. He reaches the final set of traffic lights and stops. I reach the lights as they change and overtake him. He floors it. The lanes narrow down from 1 to 2 with me in front.   [Mfw when he flashes his lights at me like I cut him up.](
1	Don't level starcall early. What most people don't realize is that soraka has an amazing ability to poke and zone enemies alone, especially against melee supports. Try to go in for 1-3 autos and an E on the enemy ad carry when he last hits and then juke the minion aggro off in the sidebushes. If they commit on to you (use 1-2 abilities) use W on your self. Your ad carry can go in because the enemies have their abilities on cooldown. You can also keep the enemy melee support so low with autos and E that he can not commit on you or your ad carry. Same deal: land autos, but save your E! When the enemy melee support comes into ability range silence him and back off!   Now why you shouldn't level starcall is for the fact that E no longer gives you mana so you can't sustain that harrass and because it pushes the wave. In most cases you want to keeps the minions on your side of the lane and try to force the opponents to stay on their side with your poke on autos and E.   But don't underestimate starcall! It's really prominent lategame, when you are too tanky and irrelevant to be focused down and can stay in the mix laying down the starcall spam with magic defence reduce. Always spam starcall in mid-late teamfights, your mana pool should be able to support it and it really makes a difference.
0	Hey! I feel the same way! I got diagnosed with FSHD (Muscular Dystrophy) when I was 13, it progressed until I started to use a chair like 2 years ago... so I would've been around 21. Anyway, I completely convinced myself I'm not going to have any relationship ever, it was a tough pill to swallow (metaphorically) at first, but now it doesn't bother me. I'm a University student and I work during the summers, so with disability funding aiding my school costs, I save up my money from the summers and get myself something really nice around once per year. First purchase was a 46" Samsung D8000 TV (yea, it's pretty epic), then I researched for like 6 months and purchased a bunch of parts for a new PC the next year, had my friends Dad help me put it together (it is also epic). Oh actually I got myself a macbook pro the year before the TV. I think that's about it, anyway, I fill the void with awesome stuff and I game with buddies.   There was a time when I hit it off with a coworker of mine, she's a year younger, we had the same opinions on everything, were exactly the same, and it was really strange how compatible we were, but she had a boyfriend. They ended up going on a break and we flirt with eachother all the time, but their 'break' only lasted about a week and she told me she went out with some other person, then went back to her bf (who she suspected cheated on her, hence the break). Anyway, they forgave eachother, everything seems to be working out for the best with them and I wish them well. He's a really cool guy, very similar to myself, built his own PC as a hobby, reads the Harry Potter books, both got the LotR bluray extended version the day it came out, etc, etc... He's basically just a healthy version of me. Buuut they both smoke pot, which I'm not into, not even because of my health or anything, I just don't care for it, made me feel dumb.   Sorry for the rant. Good luck in your life. :)
1	There comes a point where you have to stop farming and fight.  The game is not "kill creeps until your build is finish and then try to win."  you have to do things like contest dragon, protect jungle, and stop the enemy from pushing towers.  Your team needs you to do this.   Had you left your lane for a couple of those team fights, you could have one them, turning the game around and winning it for your team.  But instead, you're doing exactly what they were doing, blaming your loss on the rest of the team like you did nothing wrong.
0	I had a similar story in my life. This kid was bullying me for a long time but I didn't want to get in trouble so I just let it happen. Finally I told my dad about the situation and my dad said "Just knock his ass out then". So the next day when this kid is bullying me again I tell him "If you say another word, I'm going to punch you in the mouth"   I heard him start to say what I think was "whatever"... but he never finished the word because I cracked him with a right hook right in the temple and down he went... Our recess lady was standing right there, gave me a high five and told me to get to the office, which i gladly did. The principle called my dad, my dad laughed and got yelled at for doing so and then explained the situation to the principle. They both laughed and gave me a 3 day suspension that was fill with video games, ice cream and instant messages from my friends congratulating me. Oh how I miss being a teen in the 90's!
1	That's entirely true! I went down to 900 or so elo once due to my dumbassery  and the climb wasn't that bad untill i hit 1200-1400. God  15% of the games were just so smooth and close and actually fun, the rest however was not. All of the rest were decided 10-12 mins in because someone failed flash, gave up first blood or something and everyone starts flaming them as hard as possible and rage quit or something and then i yell at them to stop trolling/flaming the 0/3/21 support and then they report me and i get banned.
0	I was suspended for 3 days once, because I saw this kid poke holes in the back of a bus seat with a pencil (it looked so fun).  So I immediately took a pencil out of my bag and started poking (so satisfying). That's when this same kid proceeded to rat me out to the bus driver. Of course, nothing happened to him. My three day sentence spanned a weekend and landed on a Friday, Monday and Tuesday. My parents, surprisingly, were not that angry with me after their initial outburst and my only punishment was to fold laundry. Best part was Monday was HALLOWEEN. I remember on Tuesday, I just ate all my candy and played video games all day! Then when I walked into school on Wednesday it was like nothing happened. Most kids and teachers thought i was sick. Just had to make up some of the work. I did not learn my lesson.
0	It's ridiculous that people put time and energy into content that other Redditors want to see?  Would you rather nobody posted and we only spent 15 minutes on Reddit reading repost news links from /r/gaming and /r/science and move on with our day?   I swear, it's like people think upvotes materialize out of nowhere for being a compulsive douche.   PEOPLE LIKE YOU AND ME UPVOTE THESE THINGS .  Just because some vocal commentator calls it dumb and gets a bunch of upvotes himself does not actually make it dumb, it only means there are people who agree with you, who didn't even necessarily object to the content enough to downvote it.  This isn't the American government, your vote shapes the content.  Get on /r/new or don't complain.
1	I find drills to be unhelpful (except cs drills) because they are not in the context of actual battle.   I actually play dominion games to practice mechanics/warm up.   Before you downvote hear me out:   -Deaths are not punished with lvl/gold leads, cs doesn't matter because passive gold generation is so high   -Death respawn timer is short   -Constant 3v3,4v4,1v1 skirmishes that are critical to summoners rift but only comprise a small percent of actual gameplay.   -You pick your own champion unlike aram.   -Games take 10-15 min.   There are some downsides:   -If you care about winning, you have to capture towers.   -Game mode can be confusing at times   -Some champs are really strong on this map which can make it difficult to practice weaker champs.   -Doesn't help you learn to c,s but sivir and/or ashe bot on SR can help you learn to cs :D.
1	Seeing the Official Patch Notes makes me wait for the
1	All these nay sayers to voice chat and people making stupid videos about how the game would be with voice chat and such... it's not true.   Fact is, it is WAY easier to be an asshole and make rude comments or harrass someone by chatting. "Keyboard warriors". But when they hear your voice it will be a whole different story because it's another level of personal involvement with your teammates. Even if you don't plan on talking back, just HEARING your teammates automatically makes you act calmer and reconsider typing out certain things that would go through without hesitation in chat-only.
0	I live in Texas. I have two huskies. They both love the snow and freezing weather. They will both (one black, one white) go lie in the sun, by choice, when it's 105 out for hours. About the only way you can tell they care about the weather is that they get tired sooner on walks in the summer.
1	Though I would never random on purpose, the recent glitches have left me with some very interesting matchups. One time I randomed support Nocturne (I had only bought Nocturne to get his limited skin), but I was with a Sivir and the enemy AD was an Ezreal. Double spellshield became his undoing and I went 4/4/19 in the end with full support items and eventually a warmog's.   What I guess I might be trying to illustrate is that though you might random a champion, possibly even one you never played before, make the best of the situation. Read a quick-and-easy guide in loading screen and anything can work if you are skilled enough (This was when I was around 1470 elo. Admittedly not exceptionally high, but none of the players on either team were unskilled). I've been pulling off support Wukong, support Lee Sin and even support Karthus with success in ranked.
1	I think she is fine at Bronze and Silver Elo as a support with Cait, so long as the player is good.  The build HAS to be Faerie Charm, 4 Wards, Manapot with Mpen Red, Gold/10 Yellow, Flat AP Quint/Blue.  I believe that you go as far into Util to get up to bonus ward / biscuit / starting gold and the rest into offense.  First back she has to get Tear, and as many wards as she can afford.   The key to this whole thing is that you don't need early game boots (because of brush and Cait traps in brush) and an early Tear means you have the Mana to both poke very hard (which Cait can finish with her Ult) and leverage the same strength that Nunu has with Cait (the attack speed steriod on her heal) and Sustain better than Nunu.  Nid can also use cougar form to Regen mana by spamming.   The next items in order of importance are: Sightstone, Kage's Pick, Normal Boots, (Ruby Sightstone), CDR Boots, Morellonomicon, Archangels Staff (which will instantly upgrade).  Oracle is really strong in the Mid Game because with proper warding from your Sight stone you can clear wards in dangerous places because of your ability to go through walls and move quickly through the Jungle.  Ruby sightstone is optional (if your team is warding too) because of the fact that the combination of Nid and Caits trams tend to keep vision up extremely well.  Nid should always prioritize human form in team fights for 2 reasons, 1) Cat form will have no durability 2) Heals / Traps and Spears are really your only way to assure an assist on kills (often Heal is the best way).
1	MMR is your hidden rating (elo). It's used to provide a basis for matchmaking and LP gains/losses. That's why you can get matched up against for instance Gold II players when you are currently in Silver IV.   Also it sure is worth it. The higher you get now, the higher you'll be once the reset kicks in. Your "Reset-Day-MMR" will be used for the reset.
1	yes except for the whole "you're tryndamere" thing   not only can they counterpick you in lane but they can pick something that is  vastly  more useful in a teamfight.   While you're busy AFK farming top because a laner that  isn't  stupid as fuck didn't push to your tower and instead just held the wave and denied you cs/exp, malphite jax riven lee sin (or whatever else) is off and about securing towers kills and dragons while you tell your team "gimme a sec im 3000 gold off IE then i can help u guys"   and then there's the whole issue that even if you are doing okay in farm you're really just an AD carry who can tank for an extra 3 seconds and has to be in melee range to auto attack which means you're not exactly useful when you consider that someone like Kayle does the exact same thing but also has utility and an invuln that does something more than make her annoying for a few extra seconds in a teamfight
0	Whenever I've done this I've used MP3s or JPGs. I'm not sure where people got the idea, but it's always better to corrupt the actual .docx in a regular text editor because if the teacher has any clue what they are doing, they are going to open that "corrupted" .docx in notepad and look for xml references or other signature signs that an actual .docx would have, but not a .jpg or .mp3.
1	There's a problem with that however.   PVP.net client is quite a resource hog unfortunately. That means that you will be loading into the game about half as fast as you normally would. If you have a slower computer, especially a single core CPU machine, then loading will get unbearably slow, even down to a point where the game client will crash to desktop. In that case you'll have to restart the game and reconnect while your team starts the game off 4v5.   Just something to keep in mind.
1	Good amount of flat AD for the price (Only more efficient item in the price range is BF Sword), but on top of that it also has the active, which for Talon means an extra 60% of his AD on his combo every time, bringing his Total AD scaling up to 300% Bonus AD and 260% of his Total AD from 300% Bonus AD and 200% Total AD (2 Autos per combo).   So basically as long as you're ALWAYS using Tiamat when you go in, the item essentially gives you the same benefit as 64 AD on it's own, and even more if you have more AD than that. So it's always going to be a good ~100 or so damage better in one burst combo than BF Sword when you get it early game, which is totally worth the extra 400g since it has an easy build path and scales to be better lategame.
1	Okay, I think you misunderstood what I said. I understand that pidgin is an alternative messanger. I was dumb to assume that others have basic programming skills, sorry about that. You see there is a variable in league that represents your status, when you type in that text field you're changing that variable, in the league client this variable is also programmed not to exceed x amount of characters. In cheat engine you can allocate this variable in the way I told you, then edit that variable in a way that is not allowed in the client since cheat engine doesn't even "see" that in the lol client this variable is limited. Pidgin doesn't see that this variable is limited as well, which means that if you change the variable (your status) in pidgin you don't have a limited amount of characters, if you have to allocate it or not isn't really relevant. In other words, any 3rd party program that lets you edit your status in league, unless programmed to the same character limit, will let you to have a longer status message.   And depending on how the league client's servers work, in my theory this is what happens (since this is how most peer to peer networks work), this variable is stashed on a server and your local directory, when you edit the variable with a 3rd party program you never actually edit the servers data, you allocate the local data and change it, not the servers. But since lol is a semi-peer to peer network (peer to peer basically means that people are downloading info about about a summoner from the summoner in order to lighten the pressure from the lol client's servers) the variable is downloaded from your local directory when asked for, aka, when people on your friend list login. The only instance where the variable is changed on the servers is when you edit it on the lol client and press enter, at least of my awareness there's no 3rd party program that lets you send that kind of information to the servers. So your local variable isn't the same as the one on the server, it will appear as changed, temporarily (until you restart your lol client).
1	Uhh, luckily you went full retard first when you dismissed a comment on the basis on me being bronze. Which is simply an ad hominem logical fallacy.   Then when I simply said Cassio is not as Q reliant as Ahri is E reliant, you misinterpred it as me saying 'Cassio is easier than Ahri'.   And when I pointed that specific thing to you, you answered 'Yes but Ahri has R to get away' which is as non-sensical and out of context as one can get.   Comment tree is about single spell reliance > You mention Cassio > I say she's not single spell reliant at all > You say I'm bronze because I'm saying she's easier than ahri > I point out that wasn't what I said at all > You keep explaining why she's harder... Quit hard not to rage when you miss the point that damn hard.
1	Remember that many people in silver 5 have MMR's of lower levels. Bronze 1s, Silver 1s, Gold 1s, etc. all for the most part play at a higher level than the next tiers div 5. This is why next season the safety of no tier losses will be altered. If you think you should be in the next tier above, then it means you probably don't deserve to be placed in the 5th tier, you should be in 4-1, thus you will be placed against people in that range. Remember their MMR is roughly the same as you. While yes, there are flaws in the system, you ARE going against people of your skill level.   The example of the diamond player who recently got a smurf account to diamond MMR while being in bronze is a perfect example of this. When he first started playing on the account, he could pub stomp anyone every game. Soon as hit promo's he would que dodge his way out and continue the cycle. Apply this to someone who isn't intentionally clamping himself. If you are a bronze player playing at a gold level, you should have no issue getting though your games (put aside the possibilities of leavers/trolls, it happens at all stages of the game). As you play more and more games though, the system should start to clamp you where you are, as you are reaching your skill level apex.   Think about it, there are only 6 tiers for a game of millions. It SHOULD be hard to move up. I started this season as a silver player, same as last season. I went inactive for a bit and came back to a bronze 1 account. I started playing and quickly shot up to gold 5 in two weeks. Then the game started to realize hey, this player is a tad better than most of the players around him, time for him to play against harder people and see if hes ready to move up. Shot up to gold 1 and then it got hard. The league system is designed to really put a hard check on whether a player should be promoted or not. That's why there's a huge drop on LP income when in the 1 division. Played though it and after 3 promos made it into platinum, during which I played against the high plats that are losing and on their way back down. This showed me that I could get to plat 1. While it took about 50 games in gold 1, I played 5 yesterday and Im already in promo for plat 4 or 3 depending on MMR.
0	I think it is best stated by how we went our separate ways...   She is from a small town called Gentry, in Arkansas. I'm from London. She was living with me, in London, and kept saying that she could 'spike' her ex's weed for getting custody of her only child (she had to have a hysterectomy after he was born, years before I met her).  I thought nothing of it.   Thought she was acting funny, and I knew what was up as she was acting just like when I caught her sexting her ex and tried to hide it. Went through her Facebook, after she started growing more distant emotionally, and yup. Messaged some very disturbing things to both her ex... And her the man she always called her brother (non biological, though everyone knew them as siblings due to growing up together).  I mean, things like "I miss you sucking my dick" sort of messages.   I was very disturbed, and we had a 'talk', not sure why though I wanted to do everything to make this marriage work... Didn't want to be divorced by the age of 23 (fuck me, right?)   Fast forward a week, and we are due to leave from London to Northwest Arkansas, with a layover in Atlanta. I had a bad stomach, so I naturally smoked the last of the weed I had been smoking for a week at that point without problems... That's when it started.   I began vomiting blood, coffee ground blood, as soon as we got to the airport. She didn't care, which I thought was odd but was feeling too sick to take notice of. I held in as much as I could, as I thought it was all in my head and it was just a stomach bug... Kept throwing up for the entire 8 hour flight to our layover in Atlanta. She was completely unfazed by the fact that her husband was throwing up blood.   We land in Atlanta, and as paramedics took me from the airplane via first a wheelchair, then a stretcher, to the hospital... She leaves. Makes an excuse that she won't be able to get a ride home later, in Arkansas, and got on the plane there... While I was in hospital.   Fucking bitch.   Then as I was due to be seen by the doctor, I checked Facebook on my laptop (that I had as a carry-on).  She sent me a message, that she wants a divorce, via FACEBOOK. Saying that everything she said about her was a lie, and she only got with me so she could gain citizenship in London to get free healthcare for her bad knee (yeah, that's not how you get citizenship anymore, she couldn't have gained citizenship from someone who has no savings - it is impossible, even if we were married).   I discharge myself forcefully, and catch a plane in a wheelchair to Arkansas, get picked up by my brother, and call her.  Before I'm able to get the divorce over and done with, I collapse in blood.   Turns out I had a Mallory Weiss tear. I was torn from my esophagus down to my stomach, severe internal bleeding. I'm lucky to be alive.   Couldn't prove a thing, but the divorce went through without a hitch.   That was some time ago, and since then I've had a girlfriend for almost a year and a half now. We met online, funnily enough, and are quite happy. I've got a full time job that pays well, even though its taking a while for us to get caught up...   So there is a happy ending to it all. I just look back and think, "holy fuck I survived that crazy bitch". Even if I couldn't prove that she fucked up my insides (like the whole 'she did something to my pot' would hold up in court) I have had one fucked up experienced.
1	MY THOUGHTS ON WARWICK   Problems:     The biggest problem is a lack of utility when it comes to ganking. He basically doesn't come out of the jungle before 6. (Hi Shyvana, you got company.) Lanes are already decided by then.     He doesn't clear the jungle super fast so he isn't a good jungle farmer (Bye Shyvana)     Other champions pull off what he does better... he is like the illegitimate child of Rengar and Atrox... a little bit of both  but lacking any CC (in other words he fails to set himself apart has having something special)     The tracking has no counterplay other than healing, and the toggle isn't that cool.       Goals:     Give Warwick something to set him apart from Rengar and Atrox.       Rengar is a hunter that leaps on his prey... Atrox sustains through last hitting... I see Warwick as the champion that just doesn't stop hunting you until one of you is dead.          I recommend a passive that makes all opponents leave a visible scent trail behind them (even invisible champions). It could only be visible to Warwick and a debuff icon could be shown to the enemy. The length of the trail could increase as the game goes on, so that he could track enemies for a longer time... perhaps you could give it an area of effect that increases throughout the game too. This would work out well because the counter is you could lead him into a bush where he gets ambushed... but from his perspective he could hunt down anyone if he moved fast enough.       Make ganking easier       Perhaps one of his spells lets him move significantly faster on "the trail"... so if the enemy flashes or uses an ability that does the same the trail is broken and it slows him up       I reference Killer Instinct.       You would rip into your opponent as the wolf type character with two buttons alternating between the two like they were claws and moving faster between them until suddenly you ripped him to shreds and sent him flying... I'd be fine with an ultimate that was triggered by alternating between two spells. <shrugs> So that there was a panic in the enemy to get away or stop you and a heart rushing push by you to trigger it as Warwick.       In the movies you have everyone running in terror from the relentless pursuit of the werewolf. He moves fast and to the ground leaping only at the end to finish off the victim. Perhaps he has an ability that lets him run on all four really fast and leap at the last second if he is on the trail.
1	Sion/Warwick are THE BIG ones.... Champions like Nidalee and Cassi are just things that can be fixed with a touch up on the model instead of a full blown VU and kit wise it's not hard to just change the passive and change the numbers on ability scalings.
0	Struggle has a loose definition. There are numerous ways to achieve the same balance of satisfaction and struggle without having to risk your life (though for some people, that's very rewarding and appealing - I know plenty of people who thrive in high stress / high danger situations).   I think generally speaking, the people who tend to get the most satisfaction out of life are those who have enough opportunity to get started, but not enough to prevent them from having to work toward something.   A kid who's born into a wealth has very little to aspire to. A kid who has the opportunities and safety net afforded to him by being born into a middle class life has more to strive for. Children born in poverty with few opportunities have a much harder time achieving goals.   There are other interesting parallels between the very rich and the very poor. Specifically, they have a very difficult time code shifting and communicating with people outside of their social class. They are very much fish out of water when in different sociological contexts.   I digress.
1	Why does it even matter that your team consists entirely of homosexuals? All that  should  matter~~s~~ is your skill as a team.   Do you remember Team Siren a while back? The "All Womyn" gaming team? All it did was raise controversy when the only thing that ended up mattering was how they measured up to the competition.   Being different, whether that means you are a womyn, gay, bi, trans, etc., should have no effect on how one performs.   Skip the controversy and heartache that's coupled with headlining that your team is entirely homosexual. Instead show everyone how well you measure up in defiance of how a significant portion of society views you.
1	Ignorant (the user) states they are in it for the money, not the person/community.   This implies that the changes are not made for the person wanting the change, but for the money the change would bring them.   This means that the changes are not for the community... the LoL playing community. i.e. the ones already playing. This is more of a QOL (quality of life) change, implemented to assist players that have played for a while, not for people new to the game/genre that don't now the importance of said feature. I am only talking about this change in particular, as different changes have different impacts. Most of the changes that people accuse Riot of being money hungry are QOL changes (e.g. implementing various features such as custom item sets that were already made by the users, but made much more accessible by Riot), and this means that it impacts the pre-existing community far more than a new player base.   Also, Riot has no issue with things like custom skins, (as long as you aren't using a purchasable skin) even though it's potential revenue loss (more so, at least, than ultimate timer's in chat).
0	If there's one thing I've learned about relationships: establish your feelings on flirting right away when you start dating.   It's kind of a weird gray area where a lot of people are totally OK with their SO flirting, but a lot of others are VERY not OK with it. Personally, I don't mind if my boyfriend flirts with another girl when he goes out with his buddies. I drew a very specific line saying that as soon as she's trying to exchange phone numbers/facebook friendship, etc... that's where it stops. As long as he comes home to me at the end of the night, who cares? It boosts his ego which I think is good for dudes.   On the other hand, my boyfriend does not feel the same. He falls on the "very not OK" end of the scale. I asked him what his policy on flirting was as soon as we started dating and now I know that he's not OK with it like I am... so I don't do it, end of story.   It really comes down to a simple conversation early on in the relationship. Some people don't have problems with it, and as a result overlook the fact that their partner does. It doesn't mean that the person had a malicious intent... he/she may have just failed to acknowledge that their SO has a contradicting belief system. If you DO talk about your feelings regarding flirting and he/she does it anyway... then at least you KNOW that he/she was deliberately disrespecting you and they can't pull the "oh, I didn't know if bothered you" card.
0	You know there's tons of little weird things like this we do, but sometimes you should just say fuck it and see what happens.   One of these days you'll get a funny story about the pizza guy's reaction and it won't matter cause he's not your dream girl that you just ruined your chances with. He's the fuckin bored pizza delivery guy just counting down the hours till the end of his shift.
0	It will come out, often in cynism and sarcasm, sometimes even in anger and aggression or escapism like drinking or doing drugs. A friend of mine had this for a long time and got really depressed even though his life was good to him. Eventually he almost split up with his wife (with 2 kids) and it all bursted. They did, fortunately, decide to see someone, both together and seperate, and are working on it.  It's a long process, but he already feels lots better.
1	The point isnt that its against the law.... the point is that the law should not even excist in a capitalists world and instead of giving in just like that twitch could have gone to court. If they lost they could have said fine we go DCMA and problem solved. Just giving in without a fight is just sad.   Here is why i think its not theft. In the past (and for some products it still is) price was based on scarsity of a product. The less there is the more a price would be. Music these days is bits & bytes which can be copied endlessly so in a capitalist world it would and should be worthless.   Now thanks to governments (recorccompanies lobbying) all over the world they introduced copyrightlaws to protect this product from being copied. Well i should say protect the moneyvalue of this product and not protecting the artist as they usually get peanuts from recordlabels who control whats happening in the mainstream market but thats another point.   The copyright lenght. A copyright is valid till 70 years after the original artist died. I wish all workers would get paid till after 70 years of death. I bet someone who made a toilet and got it installed in a busy place would make quite a buck if they would get 5 pennies after every use for the rest of their life plus 70 years. but no they have to work on minimumwage and guess what no work no pay. No sitting around on your butt all day. I know that doesnt apply to alll artists but its still a valid point.   Some more reasons why copyright is wrong ... google is your friend or   Anywho
1	Mind explaining this graph? The way I am interpreting it is the global gold difference between the teams versus time, which if that is the case, is frankly not correct. At 31:35 the gold difference between the teams is CLG 42.4K and CST 47K, which brings us to a difference of 4.5k gold, which your graph shows as a difference of just under 10k gold.   So either your graph is wrong, or I am misinterpreting it.   Final Edit, I just realized your graph is CST vs CLG and I was looking at the stats for Vulcan vs CLG. I'm going to bed, ignore what I said.
1	Idk if you are just trolling me but it doesn't have to be that way.   Good sales can be set as the bottom line.   It can also definitely be assumed that the "great" sales do not happen enough to raise the average. If all sales are "good" then  "great" will not change quality of the average sale by much, compared to a poor sale.   In addition, I assume that by "average" you refer to the statistical mean (which is common), but keep in mind if we use the term "average" for the median or mode (also correct), this does not necessarily  imply some mystical karmic balance between the quality of our sales.
1	For the CLG vs TL series the only reason for the bans is that TL didn't want to have to deal with his mid-game. Although, i think it was a pretty weak ban as Link under-performed in the one game he got him in the series. The difference between the series of CLG vs TL and GV vs TIP is that it looks like GV and TIP might have been scrimming with it. This is seen through TF not being banned in the first game of CLG vs TL, but thereafter his bans for the rest of the series.   I don't know how to really explain it with GV vs TIP other than the two teams had been scrimming each other and it came up as being played quite often. Currently TF isn't really a meta pick but he has good synergy with some meta picks.
1	I play both League and DotA often, DotA more recently, but LoL longer overall. If I had to say which was the better game, I couldn't just because they're quite different gameplay wise. Sure, people will form opinions, but I don't think it should be one or the other.   E-Sports wise, DotA is set up to ursurp Riot, sometime during Season 3 it seems. Thanks to DotA's nature (less dependent on jungle, hyper carries, courier), the meta is always evolving, and the same 5 heroes can form many different compositions, from double jungle, to two mid, to tri-lane longlane. It's really interesting, and having something so immersible, so complex to learn is very fun. Not to mention, DotA has more unique mechanics, at the cost of people being able to troll easier. To top it all off, the Source Engine makes DotA look like a piece of art.   League will stick around though. Not only is it easier to pick-up and play, but with the addition of more heroes, there will always be a reason to change the meta or keep playing. I don't really like Riot's system after playing DotA (It's awesome having all heroes unlocked), but it's effective, and I've already put way too much money into LoL.   League will always be a very popular game, and it is fun, and complex, and has a thriving pro scene. But when DotA comes out, Riot really has to work overtime, because right now, if League and DotA were released as they are right now, I think DotA would be the more popular E-Sport game.
0	I've always disagreed with this statement. I'm a simple guy that enjoys very very few things but ask me what i don't like and you got a list longer than a toilet paper roll.   I'm extremely negative and almost always stuck in a perpetual state of sadness and depression or neutrality of being unhappy with myself or anything i ever do/say, so finding someone who actually just wants to be with me makes me stop and think about them and all the shit they are willing to put up with from me just to be around me and it kinda makes me happy, happier then I could ever make myself on my own
1	There is no reason for Riot to be afraid of any other mobas. The only other moba that will get close is dota2. The game that will end the reign of league will be something different.   Riot has stated they have many different projects going on at once. New champs, skins, champ reworks, ect. They just release them when ready. Hell how long have they been working on Ao shin?
0	The location of the fight was next to Zimmerman's car, supporting that he had broken his not-illegal, but ill-advised pursuit.  Speculatively , I do not believe that there was contact between the two prior to this point, because Trayvon seemed to get the fight started and won pretty fucking quickly, indicating a very powerful decisiveness of action. If Z had broken off and turned his back to walk away after exchanging shit with Martin, that would've been both tactically unsound on Zimmerman's part, and an opportunity to get the advantage that Martin, given how how acted in the fight, probably wouldn't have wasted. But that's just speculation.   Furthermore, Zimmerman said that he stopped pursuing when he "lost him" and headed back to the car. Martin's girlfriend corroborated that he'd evaded Zimmerman and hid from him. So that leads to the idea that Trayvon had completely gotten the upper hand on his pursuer and was setting up an ambush. Not faulting the kid. It was an okay decision. Were I not a coward or were I confident in my physical abilities to stop a threat with force I'd have done the same at 17.  Carrying out  the ambush was ego-driven and fucking stupid, but hey, he's 17. We've been there. Ego and stupidity rules that age.   All the evidence concerning the location of the people, his friend's testimony, and the dispatch operators recordings does not suggest that this happened any other way.   So Martin gets the drop and, being a pissed-off teenager, takes the opportunity. This is where it's just about all on Trayvon for me. Zimmerman had broken pursuit already,  maybe  realizing that he was about to end up in a gunfight he didn't want to be in. At any rate, Martin contacts and hits Z just in front of his car.   Here's why I think Zimmerman had realized that he was out of line, carrying a gun, and about to be responsible for the gunfight, making him at least criminally negligent:   When Martin showed up, Z could've drawn. According to a study done in the 1990s, 91% of the time a gun is drawn it ends a fight without being fired. He might've saved Trayvon's life, but he'd have REALLY fucked up legally with adding brandishing to his charges. So, the evidence clearly shows us that he did not. I am  speculating  as to why that was.   From the pace of the fight and pattern of the injuries, Trayvon was fast and dominant. Now it's  possible  that the reason that Z didn't get his gun out earlier was because he was blocking punches, or just stuffed because he'd never trained in that situation before, or because he forgot to in the adrenaline rush. Or, it could be because he was still trying to keep the gun out of a fight that at least something he did sort-of caused. Doesn't matter. What matters to me is that he took a considerable asswhooping and was screaming for help instead of shooting.   How do I know it was him and not Trayvon? Because why would Trayvon be screaming for help out of a fight he was completely dominating, and  how  could he be screaming that loud with his chest cavity punctured. Besides, we know for a fact that those screams were before the gunshot anyway. Between the two, I can't imagine Trayvon calling for help when he was winning a ground-and-pound and I can't imagine Zimmerman not doing so when getting his ass kicked so badly.   So now the gun comes out and a shot is fired into Trayvon's chest at contact distance from Zimmerman's back after sustaining defensive wounds. This is all fact and not open to speculation.   This next part, from Z's statement that night, was that Trayvon saw the gun, covered his mouth, and taunted him "You gonna die tonight". I don't believe that not because I don't think Trayvon wouldn't act like a total sociopath (because he was totally acting like one up until that point), but because I think Trayvon was moving so fast that he wouldn't stop to say that bullshit when he found a gun that could be used against him.  Or, maybe Z realized that his gun was now exposed, Trayvon couldn't see it from the mount  yet , and that he had one opportunity to go for it now before Martin beat him to it. It's reasonable to think that once Trayvon found that gun he'd end up with it and not George. George's performance from the bottom was awful.   But it's all irrelevant and  speculation . The point is that Zimmerman would have continued to suck shit in that fight and get knoked out, or get beat up until Trayvon found the gun, and easily got it from his position vs. George, and then George was out of options and hopeless against a gunman.   The shot was self-defense, no doubt, and the fight was ALL Trayvon, but the pursuit that  caused  the fight and the fatal shooting to happen was a straight-up bad-idea started by Zimmerman. That's clear as day.   Manslaughter 2 or 3 might have been possible to convict on, but the evidence showed that Trayvon died doing the worst kind of shit that 17-year-olds sometimes do and that 99/100 get away with unscathed.   As a gun guy with an interest in personal security, this case has attracted a LOT of my attention, because there are mistakes both criminal, legal, tactical, and interpersonal all over both sides of the conflict that can be learned from.
0	To be fair, this is something a lot of movements suffer from.   Sam Harris's Kindle single, "Lying" goes into this really well.   He has a close friend who was sitting around by the pool with him one day, and he asked Sam if he was getting fat.  Sam answered him honestly, "Eh, you could stand to lose 20-30 lbs."   A lot of people would have said, "What, you?!  NO, man, you look fine!"  Even though for at least 70% of adult Americans, its not the truth.   As a consequence, his friend started eating better and going to the gym more.  He thanks Sam a few months later, if I remember the story correctly.
1	Just depends what I feel like watching that day. Also I pretty much only watch Twitch.tv   For top lanes:  Wingsofdeathx or Dyrus depending. Wings is obviously very informative, but is very focused on winning in SoloQ, not necessarily getting better as a professional player. He will pick whats best for his team, even it means him going Mid. He also complains about ghosting the second he gets camped, yet streams with 0 delay. Always bugs me. Dyrus is a good player to watch for professional play of traditional top laners.   For Mid Lanes:  Scarra is #1. He is the best streamer out there in my opinion. Always nice, always talking. He plays at a high level and teaches you at the same time. He also isn't afraid to play literally any champion. I've seen him win games with Brand Jungle and he plays a lot of Wukong mid. Exceptional streamer. Reginald and Salce aren't bad either. They are hit or miss for me.   For Jungle:  Oddone is the most reliable streamer. You know what you are going to get and is almost always streaming. Very fun to watch. Perfects is a EU streamer who is super nice and plays Shaco/Fiddle only. Shaco a very fun champion to watch and he plays it very good. Only watch if you like Meatloaf though as that's 50% of his playlist. Dan Dihn is also a good jungle stream if you like Eve Jungle. He plays it more than anything and his winrate is ridiculous.   For ADC:  Suprisingly enjoy watching Destiny. He's a former SC2 streamer who made the switch a couple months ago to full time LoL streaming and is about 1800-1900 elo atm. He only plays Draven and has more Draven games played so far this season then anyone in the world. For reasons his SC2 stream was successful, he's very relatable and easy to watch and learn something. Sometimes watching the highest level of play doesn't actually help you in your 1400 elo matches. Draven is fun to watch and Destiny plays it well. Chaox is definitely my go-to pro ADC streamer. He plays at a high level and is also just a huge Solo Queue star having both #1 and #2 positions on the ladder last month.   For Supports:  Krepo is good. Xpecial is good. Nhat is good. But Aphromoo is probably going to be the best. I used to watch him for ADC, but since switching to support for CLG he will probably stream mostly Support games. Very good streamer.
1	This design is just wrong, down to the core:   There are too many possible effects and combinations from the abilities. Just list all the stuff Lee Za can do:     A conal attack that shreds both defenses, possibly reduces damage dealt by targets hit, and reduces cooldowns.   A leap attack that can slows, and possibly amplifies damage dealt, immobilizes targets hit.   A point blank AoE attack that applies a dot, possibly reduces healing and regeneration, and amplifies damage.   An AoE attacks that slows, and possibly knocks people into the air, then deals further AoE damage.     Also, not only are these base abilities overloaded, Lee Za also gains free stats, further increasing her scaling with levels:     Health regeneration.   Movement speed.   Damage amplification.   Energy restoration.   Cooldown reduction.   Attack Speed.   Attack damage.   Ability power.   On-hit true damage.   Armor.   Magic resistance.     Basically, Lee Za needs no items, only levels to function as an assassin-carry-initiator-caster-tank-disruptor. Heck, even if her abilities had no scaling at all they would be OP.
1	Id like an explanation of what happened, didnt see the stream. Is HBO sponsoring/does that mean we'll start to see LCS on HBO/ does that mean we're going to see à rise in content quality.
0	So fun shit, just recently wrote a research paper on Gmos. They are almost all totally safe to eat, some modified specifically for animal feed might not be the best for you , but you won't die. Also due to anti gmo lawsuits, there are lots of hoops to jump through to prove they're safe and additional testing and more expensive patents that make it impossible for all but 5-6 firms to actually develop gmos, the biggest one being Monsanto. The biggest real concern people should have is pestacide use. But even that is being improved. Like bacteria and antibiotics, weeds and bugs gain resistance to pestacides, warranting stronger chemicals. However gmos are a solution to this problem. Right now, bt crops are 100% safe for people and reduce crop loss by 60% compared to untreated crops. Herbacide use has increased though, but no faster than it would have without gmos due to the natural adaptation of the harmful plants.
1	depends on how much damage the ult does.  usually against high damage ults players would prefer to b rather than risk it, so basically using the ult won't do anything.
1	Well I'm to say that building atmas is still going to be situational, just as any 6th item and/or defensive item for an ad carry will be.   A couple of points to defend my atmas item choice.   The cost efficiency of atmas is actually a common Misconception.   Atmas costs 2300 gold, when you talk about the stats (not including the passive) it only gives 1600 value of stats. However at about 1100 health which will give the equivilant of 15 ad (which equals 700g) it becomes cost efficient.   So as long as a champion has 1100 health they get their value from the item.   An AD at level 18, has about 1800 health. So they have already crossed the break even point, so any additional health that they gain at this point feeds into more ad and more gold value.   Next point, atmas now builds out of an avarice blade, which is a gp5 item. The above gold stats/efficiency is calculated on raw base stats when bought straight up.   Having a gp5 component only increases the cost efficiency more, depending on how much time you sat on it, and also how much farm you were able to accomplish on it.   Now moving onto zephyr. It costs 2800g but it is valued at about 3650 in terms of its gold value (this value does not however include the tenacity passive)   So while you could say that on a raw level zephyr is more cost efficient than atmas, that doesn't meant that Atmas is cost inefficient. Using this build of including frozen mallet of a level 18 adc, atmas efficiency jumps up even more (15ad=1100hp=600g).   Cooldown reduction is not a neccessary or useful stat on all AD carries. Late game Caitlyn is all about auto attacking, if you use any ability you dps drops significantly, this includes your escape, ult and poke with q.   Last point to make is the way tenacity works. Tenacity does not (at least currently, it's a feature in the works for the future) reduce knockups. Again I go back to the bruiser example of Vi and Xin Xhao, both of whom use knockups as part of their cc kit. So having zephyr against slows and other cc's very useful, but has no purpose when you are trying to counter knockup. Vi and Xin being the most popular and effective junglers in the current meta right now, they are the biggest threat.   Next up, Vi's ultimate has a really long range and can't be interrupted or stopped. So if you are facing a Vi prepare to be ulted by her and be prepare to take some damage from it.   Also Vi's passive on her W does a % based dmg on you. So If you want to counter this ability alone, you need armor.  (Can you tell I hate Vi already).   Last point, I don't have the math for this one to back it up, but I'll explain it conceptually.   My build has infinity edge but it does not have a standard attack speed of item of statik shiv or phantom dancer. Coincidentally or rather by design these items also carry a crit %.   Once you have the attack speed from Botrk it is more than enough to keep its %hp active useful. So on its own its own it feeds itself. But late game you still need crits as well for your high dmg as an adc. Hence why a build even with a Botrk should not skip and IE. if you had IE by itself the items of PD and statik shiv synergise the best with it because of the increased attack speed and crit chance. A combination of all stats of attack speed, attack damage, crit chance all feed into the higher dps of infinity edge and its increases %dmg. BUUUT we have already have an attack speed item in the forms of Botrk. We don't however have the crit chance stat which we would normally get from a PD or SS. While it may be the least important stat, it is still a neccessary stat that's why it is added last in this build. But it still exists and is needed for maximum dps, esp since we are talking about a late game 6 item build. If you are kog maw or vayne however, after having an IE having a second attack speed item may be more beneficial than another ad item or crit chance item.
1	So back to my point that he blamed OP for something OP never did wrong. So
0	Last night I was out in shit weather last night as well. While I had no one who refused to pay, I did have a lady pay with two cards and write in $0.00 on each tip line.
1	The thing about the decision to nerf or buff a champion is very complex. Factors such as turrets, minion waves, and Items all have set power that also would need to be buffed if too many buffs were given. In the case of LoL and Dota this is also defined by the creator's desire for how the game would play. Dota 2 follows in the footsteps of Dota and Starcraft by creating an environment, through champions with high skill caps and buffs, where the individual skill of the players is a major factor in each match. Conversely LoL, while it spawned from Dota and particualrly in it's beta played like dota, has reduced the power of individual champions to give teamwork a more determining factor.
0	You are mistaken. Pickup trucks are almost all  body-on-frame designs, meaning that the cab and bed are not connected to each other directly, only to the frame underneath. This makes them much more resistant to deformation under heavy towing/hauling. SUVs, on the other hand are almost always unibody (bodywork and frame are integrated), making them heavier and less nimble. Additionally, SUVs have suspension systems tuned for lighter loads than pickups do.
1	I played a total of ~70 ranked games during this season, because of that ladder fear. I was camping normal games, and I strongly feel that people I get matched with or against are mechanically better in this game mode than in my ranked games. My elo/mmr/whatever you call could be influenced for three months because of only one game.   And I only started playing more rankeds because a friend wanted to get to gold, so we did some duoQ without me ( trying ) not caring about my own placement,but just doing well so my 4 other mates could climb up. It has really improved the way I was approaching ranked games. And I'm considering to be active for the next season to see where I can go from low to mid Silver.   I don't know anymore why I wrote this, but as I see it, when you've had enough normal games ( not just when you reach level 30 and have a few hundred normal games in your bag ) to understand how each part of the game works, you can train your skill in a harder mode ( ranked ), see how people can react to your strategies, and think, improve from there.
0	I was thinking it was odd as well. In the end I decided that the behavior I've been told to adopt in these situations is mostly intended for use against people that have used a gun before.
1	Well, first of all i got to say thanks a lot for doing this!   I looked at the pics and i can say that, overall, i like it a lot (even more if it behaves better than the official one as you said!). But there's something that is disturbing me: the position of some sections of the layout. What i mean with this (english not my native language, sry!) is: Why not let the player profile "banner" (that section that says "Nikasaur, level 30, IP RP amounts") on the right side and the "menu buttons" (store, profile, settings...etc) on the left side? Like in Riot's official client, which we are all used to. Same goes for the bottom part with the chat boxes and chat options icons. I know you probably want it to look different from the Riot one but imo changing positions of some things won't make any "visual" difference and will make people used to Riot's client have a harder time getting used to it. Just my opinion, thanks for reading and i love what you guys are doing for all of us!
0	His name is Leslie Daniel Osborn. He was born with Lagophthalmos, the inability to close the eyelids, in a time when surgery was not so keen. The resulting surgery left his eyes always half closed, and a defined Asian appearance. He was constantly taunted as a child growing up in Australia, and always felt an as an outcast, so he joined the Military at a young age.   He fought in WW2, Korea, and Vietnam. In WW2, both he and his father were POWs and were at one point in the same camp together, during Korea he got frostbite and was stuck in a hospital for most of it.   In Vietnam he started out in the initial advisory roles role, where he received the Australian Military Medal  [read more here](   The Vietnamese he was advising were enamored to him compared to the others, because they identified with him. The officers took note, and asked if he would do some scouting, and eventually, undercover work.   He learned Vietnamese, learned customs, and before going on on mission would eat nothing but bugs and other "bush food" as he called them to acquire the smell, along with not showering.  He would scout small villages, and note the attitudes and possible location of Vietcong troops.   Once he met up with Vietcong troops and stayed with them for 7 days, taking notes on movement, position, and morale. This all resulted in coordinated air strikes by American and Australian forces upon upon his return or access to radio.
1	Sometimes I counter jungle, but usually what happens for me is to try a gank anyways.  If you do get it, great.  If not, you denied your enemy some farm/xp, putting your laner ahead, even if just a little.  Who knows, the chunk of health you took off them coud be the difference later in a 1v1.  To me, a successful gank is one where no allies die, or are forced to back.  If they burn flash or ghost to get away, mission greatly accomplished.
1	I was an EX Na player , and since i played from India , i used to get around 320 Ping. After spending BETA + 4 years there , unlocking content and what not , i switched to SEA which gave me around a 100-110 ping. Trust me guys , ping is not something that should hold you back from doing your best. While i agree it makes a difference , it should not be used as an excuse for doing bad.   I was Silver 4 in NA , after coming to Garena SEA , got to gold 5.
0	why do you have a problem with public female toplessness?   i really don't...just like i don't have a real problem with pride parades.  but most people don't think highly of females that go topless in public, much in the same way as people don't think highly of participants in pride parades that go around almost naked.  I also don't think too highly of guys that walk around topless in public places.   topless females don't really aid the growth of feminism... inappropriate pride parade attire doesn't help the growth of gay rights.   the question is where you draw the line?  would it be cool for me to set up an outdoor projector and watch hardcore porn on it?  hardocre S&M? when you're kid's eating his breakfast cereal?  it's shoving sexuality down other people's throats, its distracting, it's slightly inappropriate.  In public you should dress fairly modestly if you want people to respect you.  I find that the less you wear, the less people take you seriously as a person.   >Do you have a problem with public male toplessness?   male breasts aren't sexualized to the same extend as female breasts, which has a lot to do with evolution, biology and their function (EDIT: and social norms). and i do have a problem with male toplessness to a certain degree.  its tasteless in public, other than the beach (which is at least a separated area where everyone agrees that behavior is allowed).  Just like strap-ons and dog collars are allowed in S&M dungeons.  there's an appropriate place for everything.  There are at least some nude and topless beaches as well (one can argue, not enough).  Feel free to show off your goods there.   I would probably be cool with Denmark style beaches being the norm (because there are topless and nude beaches in the US). but again, keep it at the beach.   not saying this should be a law either, but its just a bit tasteless and makes me not respect the individual.   >Do you make an exception for breast feeding, or do you consider that to be "inappropriate" as well?   i think a female (EDIT: probably) should go to the bathroom or private area to do it in most cases.  but if she needs to do it in public then it's fine and it's much more acceptable because it is needed for the child's survival and development, she doesn't necessarily chose the time and place, her child does.  Either way, i would think she would want to cover up, to a certain degree, while she does it.  I don't know many women that like to show off their boobs in public.  If someone is breastfeeding in public I usually look away to show some respect and privacy   >They aren't sex organs and there's nothing inherently sexual about them   i'm fairly sure they are sex organs....or at least they are sexualized (if that's a word).  Either way, showing too much skin in public just makes you look sleazy and tastelss. i'm not talking about making this a law, but plenty of other tasteless things aren't against the law.   EDIT:
1	At the beginning of season 4, I got from 0 lp gold 1 to promo to plat 5. It took my two promos to plat to finally win it.   After getting into plat, I played a few more games (won a couple, lost one) and then decided to take a break due to school and other commitments.   I ended up getting demoted back into gold 1 thanks to decay, which I was completely fine with. I thought I could just complete Another series and easily get back into plat.   Unfortunately, whenever I get into my series to plat, I get matched up against mostly plat players with mostly gold players on my team. I have now lost 5 series from gold to plat, for a total of 20 games.   This is unbelievably time consuming an tedious. Many people dot have the time to play 5-game series only to be in a status worse than they were in before they started. I think after a certain number of promos from one league to another are lost that you should just be put into the next league. Or, they should make MMR not effect the ranked system in any way, since it makes your league/division completely separate from your actual skill, which makes them irrelevant.
1	I recommend maining 1 character to get yourself up some elo. Once you reach platinum you will get matched with players who have a completely different mindset than the lower elo's. Strategies like split pushing actually work there whereas when you lure 5 people to your lane in lower elo's your other lanes are too dumb to understand they shouldn't freeze and they could have already gotten their inhibitor turret.   At higher levels a lot of new strats come into play. People know how fast baron/dragon can be done too etc. The biggest difference between higher and lower elo's isn't just the mechanical skills, it's people communicating and making calls, whereas that barely happens in the lower elo's.
1	The best part is the
1	It saddens me deeply that all the responses I got were 2 trolls.   If you look at my lolking.. all you see is Nidalee games where I am considered to be "feeding" and get called on for reports.   Why? Because I followed this [guide]( read it, understood it, and learned from it. I didn't go > I can only build and act the way he has shown me   No. I took what I didn't already know from  experience  and synthesized it into my play style.   I've literally spent the entire game just building my team up, healing, and warding...  I simply use the ignore function as intended and I can't see the words.   Out of sight out of mind.   I hope one day we will realize. And you will follow my lead. I inspired two friends (re: [stayript]( and [spurdy420]( the other day and they've since gone on HUGE win streaks being positive.   What other proof do you need? That mental illness becomes more pervasive the closer we get to each other? That Eastern cultures supporting one-ness and community fair [much]( better than Schizophrenia in Western cultures.   Heck.. The Japanese stayed isolated for hundreds of years during its Feudal Era. Sure they came right into the 30s and 40s and messed us up but... Have they not changed?   Are Americans and Japanese not much friendlier than they once were?   Would you keep ties with someone that just bombed two of your cities?
1	Just a note im lvl 30 with around 350 wins. While i'm by no means an expert and dont claim to be, im not a novice either. I think my logged time has give me enough experience that my opinions are not "baseless".   >>I occupy the role i agreed to and do it to the best of my ability, asking anything else is expecting too much. >No, you're occupying the role you want to play.   Yeah...that's exactly my point. I'm occupying the role i wanted to play, the same way you and your brother occupy AD carry / support bottom lane.   >I don't expect anyone to do shit. >> There's really no formal agreement, just the assumption that you will do your best with what's known to work.   So let me get this straight...you don't expect anything of anyone, except that they adhere to a strict meta. Ok.   >But to deliberately impose your desire to play however you want on to others ruins their fun is a dick thing to do. You're going to do it anyways and so will I as will many others but I'm not going to defend it.   And then you go into how you play Leona even though she doesnt adhere to the current bottom lane sustain meta...your whole post is laden with hypocrisy. You call me out for doing something and admit to doing it yourself, before attacking me with accusations of being a douche and ruining everyones fun. I was simply asking a question in the appropriate subreddit. You've wasted enough of my time, and i'm done checking up on this thread.
1	Because as much as people don't want to hear it, there are truly few professionals in the eSports world. The one's that you know of that are huge, are that way because they are fair, honest but censored, and knowledgeable about whatever game they might be casting. Than there are other people, who are "big" in their own rights (head of something) that won't be here/there for long, or at least not in the spotlight, that really show how the majority of the people that attend eSports events are at the highest of levels.
1	Flat hp is more common yes, but it's a worse choice than Health regen.   Solo top is all about farming. While more health gives you more survivability it does not help you farm (and unless you get ganked that extra hp is "wasted"). Health regen on the other hand makes it easier for you to trade with the oponent and keeps you healthy enough to be able to farm/lane.
0	I work at a gas station and my first (and pretty much only so far) bad experience was within my first 2 months of working there. It was around 8 am, which is one of our busier times because people are going to work and taking kids to school, and I had a guy come up to the register who was clearly on some kind of drug. He usually came in here every morning to get his pack of cigarettes and never really caused trouble. This morning he gets all his cigarettes, digs in his pockets for 5 minutes to find his money, blah blah blah. Then after I've rung him out, he pulls out this huge stack of lotto tickets and says "Do you have a machine to check these?". I point him to where the machine is and he goes over there and I serve the next person in line. When I look back up after serving the next guy, the dude from before is just staring at me and says "What the fuck was that, dude? You were waiting on me?". He immediately starts bitching and calling me a bunch of names and telling me how disrespectful I am and that he wants to talk to my  district manager , my manager wouldn't do, he had to have a word with the DM over this. So I go and get my manager and give her the run down of what happened and she gives the guy the number for the DM and he calls her and tries to explain what he believed happened all while being high on something. Afterwards the other cashier I was working with explained what actually went down and she just laughed about it and said I had nothing to worry about.   Also, the guy demanded a refund on everything he bought and said he'd never come to this gas station again. I serve him pretty much every day now.
0	I feel like places like Petsmart are at least legitimately raising money because they care. Mostly due to the fact that Petsmart Charities is their own nonprofit organization that reports where all their money goes on their website. The places that change their charity of choice each week seem like they are just grasping at humanity's heartstrings to make themselves look better.  To my understanding, it is just a changing of hands. Most people do not know or care enough to be like "I want to donate a buck to help kids with cancer! Let me research." so,  it is better for the nonprofits to be able to get a big business behind them to spread the word. The business gets the "Aww that's nice"  good vibes from the customer for offering to help broadcast the cause on behalf of the cancer ridden children as a kickback.
1	Well, first off, that is your opinion, and your friend is free to disagree.   Obviously surrendering makes your chance of winning 0 but some people would just rather play another game that they have a better chance of winning.   Giving up is a bad attitude, and won't be changed anytime soon unless you can prove that you can solo-carry and make those comeback plays.
1	are you talking about the new jungle items for next season or this season??   because if your talking about next season their arn't any snowball combinations. riot are increasing the difficulty of the jungle monsters so you HAVE to have a jungle item inorder to jungle, this locks off laners from taking farm from the jungle.   the buffs from the jungle items only compliment jungle playstyle's. they dont give the jungler's overpowered stats, if anything they can now give cost effective stats to the junglers because the items are locked to jungler's only and cant be abused by laners   IF EVERY JUNGLER GETS A BUFF NOONE DOES.   to give an example nunu gets quicksmite so he now farms like a god getting him ahead. lee sin gets the gank item and farms the enemy champions even more effectly, he gets ahead. shaco buys the counterjungle item, he now farms the enemy jungle faster then before and gets more gold, he gets ahead. nautilus buys the aoe smite item, his slower aoe jungle clear is now increased giving him more farm then before, he can now gank more often. basicly fills the one weakness tank junglers have, he gets ahead
0	Sigh... I'll bite. I don't support gay marriage. I oppose gay marriage. I am not Christian. I am not religious. I don't hate gay people. I actually live in a very gay neighborhood. I don't advertise my opinion, of course, because it's a very dangerous opinion to have; it can lead to social ostracization if you're in an academic environment, as I am. This danger is part of what leads me to oppose it. Gay marriage threatens to legitimize and make abhorrent an opinion and a way of thinking that has prevailed for a very long time. If on this forum people are afraid to say what they think, imagine how people act in real life when you start congratulating each other for the effortless, too-simple act of declaring your support for gay marriage. What a terrific burden you put on those who disagree with you to prove they are not bigots. Better to herd into little groups of comfortable opinion. Liberals are no better than conservatives in this respect.   You might say, 'So what? It's a good thing that people are ostracized and stigmatized for being against gay marriage. It's just as it should be: people should be stigmatized for being racist and segregationist, too. Our grandchildren will look back and shake their heads at our intransigence, our moral callousness. How could we have not seen the obviously morally right thing to do?' Will they say that? Is it so obvious? Are you so comfortable comparing marriage to civil rights and basic equality?   Apparently you are, but I'm not. I'm not satisfied with Louis CK-style glibness over the inconsequential nature of this social change. But I come armed with more than feeling. Marriage is not a right. Our government, our political order is built upon the recognition of basic, natural rights-- life, liberty, property. Property, called pursuit of happiness in the Declaration, includes your person, everything that is yours, not only your physical but your mental property. Among this the founders thought religious belief was the most important; today, this is less true and we might esteem sexual or racial identity. That these are protected means that you cannot be compelled to change them, but you also can't force them on anyone else. It would even be fine to have a state (not national) religion, as long as nothing was compelled against an individual's conscience. Marriage would be included among these kinds of things, even though it has not at all been controversial, until recently.   Marriage is not an arrangement that exists by nature. It is conventional. But it is also, in a sense, pre-political, in that it represents the family unit that predates civil society. Civil society looks at us as individuals, fully invested with rights, but obviously we are not born capable of participating as equals in civil society and so need some kind of rearing within a family. Family structures have always been given the greatest air of sacredness because they are fundamental to the preservation of civil society: they make the next generation of people capable of living as functioning human beings who balance their own and their family's good against the common good. In America we have always recognized and privileged the institution of the family for these very reasons.   It does not HAVE to be one man and one woman, and it has not always been that way. The most common arrangement has probably been some form of polygamy. But in modern civilization we have hit upon the monogamous family, as sanctioned by Christianity and approved by the state, as the most advantageous and admirable arrangement. It is the fundamentally pre-political arrangement within our common life; it is not something bestowed by the state onto individuals living within the state. Gay marriage is fully paradigmatic of the latter, and so is very different from traditional marriage.   And so, because I do not believe it is a right, and it has never been a right, I do not think anyone's rights are being violated when marriage is restricted to the traditional definition. I think it is a silly, pointless issue that people waste a lot of emotional energy on and then get to feel self-righteous because they took the easy and comfortable position that makes them feel warm inside. So fuck off, I'm never voting for it, it's stupid, and if my grandchildren tell me I'm a bigot I'll tell them to get off my lawn and stop wearing such tight/baggy jeans.   Edit:
1	You're conflating motivation and game mentality / rationality.   I don't really know any guy who doesn't love feeling exalted when performing well, and who isn't motivated by it -- it's just a part of who we are.   Of course, when applying our skills to any task, we go into our "game mode", where we think rationally about what to do to perform well and win -- which in this case include working with the team.   Yeah some people may lose sight and focus of this at times, but I don't think DL has done anything to indicate that this is an issue.
0	As a P plater some of these comments frustrate me. "0mG people driving 5km under the speed limit in the left hand lane what a f@ck wit". So i've had my licence for going on 12 months now, and i don't consider myself a bad driver but i'm not blind to the truth and know i'm no Mark Skaife or Craig Lowndes and still have plenty of improving to do. And so i'll often sit in the left hand or middle lane a few km's under the limit to make sure i don't cop a fine and lose my ticket (because i'm told that with a P plate on police will pay special attention to me) and constantly people just get up my rear instead of overtaking me and when/if they do decide to overtake me they will most likely flip me off or give me a greasey look as they fly by 20km over the limit, i really don't understand how people are that impatient on the road to the point that they get annoyed at other drivers for not being idiots. Its like, do you not value your licence at all?
0	You are assuming that you can only rescue older dogs. Many humane societies often have litters of puppies that need rescuing too. I rescued mine at 8 weeks old, and there were 3 other litters available at the same age and time.   I agree that it's unfair to expect someone to clean up another's mess, but you can get a great puppy that is cheaper and less likely to have health defects. And, as long as you don't want a rare breed, you can often get one that is the breed you are most interested in. Admittedly, without the pedigree, but if you are training from 8 weeks, that's not much of a hurdle.
1	You don't need to "main" support to answer this. Basically it all comes down to who you're with, what you're against, and how much pressure the situation causes on you. If we're getting bullied in lane by pokes and harasses with nothing you can really do about it, get a philo stone. If I know that our lane is going to be taking some harass without much kill potential, I'll start with pendant bead two wards, and if the situation calls for it, we can either tough it out for me to get a sightstone, I get pushed out and get a philo and another two or three wards, or we land a lucky first blood double and I can get both.   If we're going to be doing the zoning and pushing, start pendant 3 wards, and based on how early you must go back and the circumstances that caused it, either go straight for the sightstone or work toward a philo and wards.
0	Fuck no, if anything you should only try harder. Suicide is a horrible option to an easy end. Find some friends out there in this cruel world. Friends should be able to comfort you just like I would die for my friends whom are the greatest treasure in my life.
1	As a more serious answer: everyone wants to group at some time during the game. This, however, is mostly when you personally have nothing to do (your lane is pushing/you took your jungle mobs/etc). Odds are though that when you have nothing to do somewhere else on the map and want to group, someone else sees a wave pushing to his tower or knows that jungle camps are going to respawns etc.   So preference order is: doing your own stuff > grouping. So everyone in games goes to do their own stuff, and then wants to group. If this doesn't happen the next step is writing in chat 'jesus, can we group already' quickly followed by '/all gg my team can't group'.   And when your team finally has nothing else to do and moves mid you see that lovely wave pushing into your tower and you go there to take it.   'Well, if they wanted to group, they should've done that earlier'. Right?
0	A brief overview of my life:   Born to alcoholic/drug addict parents. Had to raise my younger brother for the first 3 years by myself (I'm only 2 years older), wait on my mother, obey her drunken whims, and clean up after her, until I was five and she cleaned up then divorced my extremely abusive (towards us) pedophile father. She still took us to our grandfather's house (his dad), also a baby-raper, and left us there for days or weeks at a time - the entire family knew what he was and didn't care. Mother devoted herself to AA/NA and ignored her children completely, allowing numerous other unsavory people to do whatever they wanted in her absence. Mother remarried twice, and following the second marriage took off to another state with her new hubby and left me, 15 yrs old, behind with nothing. Within two years, I helped bring my younger brother back because of the suicidal desire the abuse he suffered at new hubby's hands had caused.   We were underfed, poorly clothed, and taught that all of this was completely normal. Once we realized that being covered in bruises and left bleeding or unconscious wasn't normal, we couldn't say anything out of fear - if we told other people, everyone would tell them we were lying, and since my grandparents etc were prominent and respected members of the church (a VERY small town!) everyone said he couldn't have done it because things 'like that' don't happen in good little towns like we grew up in. Even when police were notified, nothing happened, except severe punishment for us after the briefest of inquiries were done.   I have been on my own for over a decade now, and I still have severe problems with PTSD, scars, and other issues that this caused. I am reasonably successful as an adult though, because I worked hard to not let my past ruin my future and I refuse to become anything like my parents. My siblings are the same way. It has not been easy, but we were all fighters, and we don't quit.
0	I don't know why people are criticizing this; this is the basis of [efficiency wage hypothesis]( Paying a wage 5%+ above market average generally results in some combination of higher productivity, higher efficiency, lower search costs, and higher employee retention.   In completely anecdotal example, my grandfather was very high up in AIG (way before the whole financial fiasco), and he always told me to never take a raise after you get a new higher paying job, because if your current job valued you that highly, they should have been paying you that wage to begin with. In his opinion it showed a lack of loyalty to good employees.
1	Sorry if I offend you by the following, please note it's all positive critics to help you improve (also my English sucks today hehe).   Key advice for improving yourself and handling "bad-team" situations: Record your games and look back, why did I lose farm? Why did I die there? How should I position next similar fight? Did I back to soon? Did I back to late? In your screenshot you post your Twitch link. I searched up that specific match and these are my improvement points with timestamp: Level 2-3 - Strong dominating lane phase for Anivia. Especially since Lux doesn't have her shield leveled yet. You use your Q to farm minions. Lux immediately punish you. Towards level 5 you have missed approx 10cs because of you using Q on them and your minions finishing them off. Drake point. Stupid engage on drake by jungler, these things make the game unnecessarily harder than it should be. You should've forced him with the red mark ping to back off and note him on the fact there is no proper vision and Blitzcrank was already there before he even started. Take the leading voice in your team, but be careful, leading is commonly seen as "flaming". So keep a commanding tone, but only state the facts. When something goes wrong, just ignore it. You made your point earlier.   You gank bott lane, taking the kill on Graves from Cait whilst Graves just got a kill on Leona... As Anivia, one of the easiest farm champs in the game, this is not recommended. Go for the assist unless it's a 100% kill secure. A snowballing bott lane mostly means drake secures, strong mid game. Also when they have pushed it out, the support will start warding your lane and key points. More comes than meets the eye.   Around Level 11. You are bott lane, atleast 10 seconds you do not use your Q. Don't forget it's a stun and you guys are with 3. You have blue buff and an high damage AOE slow AND IGNITE. Go for the risk, you could win it. Right after you went base, Lux pushed your mid turret, their bott lane is snowballing hard (resulting in that same drake secure, but for the other team).   At this point, your team is probably behind 5-8k gold.   Graves and Zac pushed bott tower down. Graves is done snowballing your bott lane, now he pushed the second tower within a few minutes... This COULD be different if cait got that early kill you took unnecessarily.   At this point you are starting to flame. Which your team does not deserve, since they are not INTENTIONALLY playing bad, they just lost the lane phase and are logically behind now.   I cant stress this enough: Start using your Q, spam it whenever you can. 9 out of 10 Q's are for farming purposes right now... During teamfights, you just dont use it...!!   The reason you have a good score is because you mostly use skills to lasthit in teamfights and then run off letting your team die. Anivia's R can also work as a frightening spot to stand on, people tend to turn around and walk off. A good Anivia will make people fear when they are to close because of her stun, followed by huge bursts... Well they had no reason to be feared.   I stopped watching at this point. You deserved the loss.
1	Thank you.
1	No. Richard Lewis isn't sitting back saying Riot should let him release their information. It's not about who  should  release it first. Obviously in a perfect world riot would release their own info first.   This was a  leak ... And so your comment isn't what the tweet is about.   PS yes Richard should have expected riot to this way. Not picking sides just clarifying that Lewis isn't claiming authority over releasing riot internal news   Edit: someone else summarized this well   When I look at the comments, I realize how hard it's for some people to understand English.   &amp;nbsp;   >Richard grudgingly agreed to hold off until after IEM   Riot worked out a deal with him not to release the story until IEM.   >With that in mind, we'd like to revert to the original plan of sharing the news tomorrow.   Revert to the original plan: Fuck him and the deal.   &amp;nbsp;   That's ideally not how you want to work with journalists. It shows that Riot doesn't even feel any remorse breaking an agreement. I can understand Richard's anger since breaking a story is the job of a journalist. Of course Riot has no whatsoever obligation to uphold their word, but from an ethical standpoint it's just bad behavior.
1	League had it's time in the spotlight and is fading out. At the time of it's release it filled a need that wasn't met - people wanted quick, accessible, online battles with other players. It drew people like me from the WoW crowd who liked the competition but hated the gear grind. Every game was a new start, and you had lots of fun different champions to choose from.   It's grown over the years and evolved into this competitive Twitch-dominating monster we have now. It got people involved in and excited about the eSports scene.   However, what I've discovered is people actually enjoy watching the game more than playing it a lot of the time. There could be lots of reasons for this, and I'm not claiming I know what they are, but my theory would be these things:   1) Power creep - New and shiny champions just got released one after another and each one had a more loaded kit than the one before it. This would be fine if they bothered updating older champions at a decent rate, but it seems some get some much needed attention while others get left in the dust. I was just talking to my friend about how Kennen used to be my favorite champion, but when was the last time you saw a Kennen? He has such a dated kit. I'm not saying he  can't  be useful, it's just that you'd be infinitely better off playing any other AP mid, like Xerath or Cass or so on and so forth.   2) Constant balancing issues/changes - this kind of goes with #1, but I think a lot of people felt pigeon-holed into playing OP Champion X, rather than getting to play one of their favorite champions. If you don't log on this game for a month and come back, the pendulum might have swung so far that your normal go to champ is garbage and some random champion has been buffed into Godmode. Or, an item that was good no longer is. This happened to me recently when I came back and they buffed the hell out of Akali's shroud. Long story short, there's too many champions and changes to reasonably keep up with.   3) Toxicity/game not being fun as it is frustrating - This one has always just been a problem and when the game shifted focus from heroes snowballing to being team-oriented I think it kind of put the nail in the coffin. Games became harder to carry, now you're even more reliant on the other 4 players on your team. And you're basically up to the mercy of the LoL Gods on what kind of teammates you get. I'm not saying toxic players are Riot's fault, or that there's even a good solution, but I do think it is a contributing factor. And I think the most frustrating thing about it is, when the game is so dependent on teamwork, you can't just "forget" that 5th player who is a total doucher.   My prediction is, when a newer game is released that filled the same gap that League did originally, people will start leaving in droves. And when I say "gap" I don't mean MOBA necessarily, I mean a game that is casual friendly, and provides quick, high speed enjoyment with little commitment. Not that the game won't always have it's fanbase, but I don't believe it will continue to dominate the market for much longer. The problem is, we haven't seen any real innovation as far as online games go SINCE League of Legends, and perhaps DayZ (which is still in development, and I found too cumbersome to enjoy).   Heroes of the Storm is just another clone, and looks pretty bad tbh, but I think Overwatch has some potential to steal away a big chunk of the eSports crowd. I think whatever the next "big" game will be, it will require a competitive atmosphere and eSports scene. And my bet is we'll shift from the MOBA to a FPS type game.   Just my opinion, take it for what's it worth. I was bored and decided to type out my thoughts on the matter.
1	That dude is absolute right. I had a time where i was just playing LOL as my main game and from my experience it is hard to be satisfied, especially if you tryhard in ranked. You will loose a lot of games ( about 50% ). League is not about fun if you tryhard to climb the ladder. It will burn you out if you go in with that mindset ;)
1	I play AD almost exclusively and I noticed something after many, many games.     Graves counters Vayne - He wins the laning phase hard and can snowball out of control. As Vayne: If you can stay alive until late game you'll do more damage than him given time and the items, but you may not get the chance. Save tumble to avoid Buckshot if you can. Farm your ass off.     Sivir counters Graves - Spellshield his Buckshot, Boomerang Blade/Ricochet him, his harass is predictable.     Vayne counters Caitlyn and Ashe - She can tumble away from Caitlyn Q, and her mobility and damage makes her a huge threat. Given equal items, it's unlikely you can trade with her unless you get a lucky crit and she doesn't or you have a sustain support and she doesn't.     Caitlyn counters Kog'maw - Not only is her harass super effective against Squishy Kog, but Caitlyn wins lane a lot like Graves. You can't stop her from farming.     Corki played well is an asshole regardless of who you are. A mediocre Corki isn't a threat to anyone. That being said, it seeems like his skill curve is pretty high.     People play Miss Fortune/Ashe? - You need a team that can capitalize on Ashe's ult, MF still sucks after her buff.     Tristana effective against a lot of people, brutal late game. I don't see many people who know how to play Trist effectively though. There seems to be some confusion at lower ELO. If you can avoid her at 2 and 6 and just outfarm her her midgame isn't as strong as a lot of champs, and if you can deny her kills all game her late game isn't that hot.     Ezreal - See The Oddone's commentary on Ezreal. He's just not a threat anymore. I haven't lost a lane to Ezreal in a long, long time. His skill shots are easy to avoid and his aggression is predictable.     Kog'maw I don't play Kog, I don't think he's very strong anymore compared to the other choices you have. Sivir, Vayne, Caitlyn, Graves and Tristana are better picks than Kog'maw imo. I'd probably even take Ashe before I took Kog.       I've countered Sivir as both Vayne/Caitlyn but it's hit or miss. Easier as Vayne than Caitlyn. One thing that's not very well understood is that regardless of who you pick, your support knowing how to play efficiently and productively is VITAL. There's more to it than being a 0cs healbot. There's more to it than warding. The AD doesn't make plays, the support does. The AD's job is to farm and recognize and capitalize on engage opportunities.   Your support knowing who to pick to synergize with the AD Carry (Alistar for Vayne/Trist, Soraka for Sivir/Graves, Taric for Caitlyn/Sivir specifically but generally anyone) is nearly as important as who you pick. Some synergize better with others. A surprising amount of people play support without actually understanding how the support helps you win the lane, or they just pick any old support without knowing WHY they picked what they did.   Here's what I mean.   Trist/Vayne and Alistar - Kill Lane. Their high burst and mobility allow them to capitalize on the openings that Alistar makes. How many times have you seen a bush camping healbot Alistar and raged because he was about as helpful as an asshole on your elbow?   Caitlyn/Sivir/Graves and Soraka - Farm All Day Lane. You don't need to get kills because you're going to win your lane hard regardless of what the other team does. They can't out-sustain, they can't poke you to death. This is NOT an aggressive lane. It's REALLY hard to fuck up in this lane with a good Soraka. Even if you do, chances are you're gonna live anyway. If you can last hit like a boss and control the ebb and flow of your lane you're going to enter late game stronger than the other teams bot lane. However, how many of you have seen a Soraka that levels Q first, and stands behind you healing you intermittently while spamming Q? It's not pretty.   Caitlyn/Sivir and Taric - Another kill lane. I'm not saying the other champs CAN'T synergize well with Taric, but these two do it best in my experience. Taric is a funny support. I don't like him nearly as much when I'm playing Vayne/Graves.   Insert Champion  and Sona - This is super hit or miss. Every champ synergizes well with Sona if the person playing her plays well. I've seen Sona's do nearly as much (if not more) harass than the AD. I've seen her be more responsible for soul crushing lane dominance than even Alistar.   Insert Champion and Janna  I hate Janna. She's not nearly as effective a support as Sona/Soraka/Taric/Alistar in my opinion. The only time I'm even remotely worried about her is when I'm on purple side and I can't secure bush control. I hate being in lane with her because I've never seen a Janna in over 800 games as ranged AD and thought "Man I'm glad she was in my lane". Her whirlwinds is nice for knockup/harass but pretty easy to dodge. I'm incredibly bias towards anything that messes with my control of how much damage is being done to the creeps though. I don't want the support "helping" me damage the creeps unless we're pushed into the tower and then I want one (and only one) AA on each of the caster creeps.   Sometimes it doesn't matter if you counter pick effectively, if you can't CS, you can't balance harass with last hitting, your support isn't aggressive, doesn't ward, doesn't secure bush control, if their jungler has more presence in lane than yours, if their mid lane can roam and enter your lane. You can have the most amazing combination ever and you can be 40cs ahead you still may not win your lane. The biggest mistake I see AD's making though is leaving their lane when their turret dies early. Ward your shit up, keep farming, don't stop farming ever. Don't wait for a huge wave to build up either. Ward the possible jungle approaches and pretend your turret is still there, if their jungler/mid wants to make their presence known, disengage and wait for the lane to catch up.
1	Most simply, you can't.     You get decent at a champ at about the rate at which you'll get enough ip to play them, so even though you can buy champs for rp you won't be able to use them (it's more for impulse buys)   Runes can't be bought with ip.   Rune pages can be bought with ip, but it takes mastering a few roles being level 30 and having runes to fill the pages before this is relavent to you.   Masteries are can't be bought, free, can't get them if you want to.   Levels are free and can be sped up but you level really fast so there's no need to.   Skill can;t be bought.  This is most important because runes and masteries aren't game changers.  They are more of minor modifications to help shift the way you play, and champs need practice before they are worth playing.
0	I was at a local basketball game to distract myself from the fact that I'm alone and the person I love more than anything is with someone else...
1	The only reason NA loses to korea is because they keep adopting things the koreans already do, so by the time we learn a champions strengths they know its weaknesses. I used to play an FPS professionally (will not disclose which) and we always copied chinese and japanese strategies. 1 sniper 4 riflemen or 1 sniper 3 riflemen and a CQC. Then we adopted our own style of 5 assault rifles with straight rushes. Their sniper became useless at that range so it was basically a 5v4. We came in 3rd worldwide that year.
1	Well its time for kha'zix supp to arise. Max W for in lane harrass and sustain, then Max E so you can jump more. Evolve W->E-> and then R. Once you get your R use it in lane with your passive+W for max slowwing power to get your adc fed. Now your Twitch or Lucian will be able to carry the game.
0	We have some friends of the family who were in their eighties, where the husband recently passed away from a heart attack. We found out that the wife had become to weak to move around, but was too proud to get a wheelchair, so he had been carrying her around in their home, with her sitting in one of their dining chairs. This induced his heart attack, and she is now unable to care for herself and has moved to an assisted home.
1	I typically tend to stay away from these types of posts because in my mind they are usually just some sort of high school drama type news in correlation with a video game.   I looked at the footage, and let me just say.. Irelia was being a galactic cunt, constantly putting riven down with snide comments and shit.. Seriously, how old is that kid. I use the term kid because no adult would act that way.   Now for the "werecat", I used to govern a forum with roughly 5000 active/constant users+, dealing with this type of shit is annoying and power can get to your head which obviously did in this scenario. But when you have the ability to just eliminate the problem and not give a damn you typically will.   According to the "Code" they were both in the wrong and should both be punished.. I have a feeling that my post will be like the others and just down voted and shit but honestly.. If you want fairness then fairness should be it, but seeing as the majority are saying he is the victim, then fairness isn't what you want and you're more interested in the drama..   Here's a great code to implement Riot, it goes a little something like this... Rule 1: Don't be a dick Rule 2: Seriously, don't.. Rule 3: Obey all rules!!
0	Meal Planning does go a long way here.  Have a list of meals that you know the family enjoys and a list of what it takes to make them.  Pick enough of those meals to maintain variety and make a list of the ingredients for that.   You'll still need the time to cook it, of course, but one big restocking run to the grocery store can help a lot.  It still requires more time, but taking the time to plan it out can help minimize the time spent actually cooking, to the point where it's not only worth it to do the planning but if you look at time saved vs money spent on average restaurants versus on average at home you'll start to REALLY see it get better at home.
0	You are making a ridiculous generalization.   First of all, wanting to get into the game industry is fine but it is a lot different that getting into other industries.  The merits that get you hired in the game industry are more portfolio based than education based.  If you have the passion to make games, you simply need to practice that passion and make games in your free time and you don't need to go to get a degree in CS or Game Design to do that.   That aside, you generalization about doing something you have a passion for as a profession is ridiculous as well.  I would venture to say anyone in the film industry, acting, art, writing, ect...has a passion for what they do and likely pursued it in their free time as a hobby.  While yes you could get burned out, that can happen with any profession.  People that work in something they are passionate about are less likely to reach this sort of burn out.   The only merit I can see an your opinion is if somebody wants to get into game design simply because they like playing games or they have ideas that they want other people to make a reality.  Both of these cases are definitely realities in people looking to get into the industry.  It is important to understand that making games is nothing like playing a game.  There is also no shortage of game ideas/concepts in the game industry and aspiring designers often mistake the role of designer as simply being the idea guy that gets his vision made.
0	The first thing for you to understand is that in this place there are no martyrdoms. You have read of the religious persecutions of the past. In the Middle Ages there was the Inquisitlon. It was a failure. It set out to eradicate heresy, and ended by perpetuating it. For every heretic it burned at the stake, thousands of others rose up. Why was that? Because the Inquisition killed its enemies in the open, and killed them while they were still unrepentant: in fact, it killed them because they were unrepentant. Men were dying because they would not abandon their true beliefs. Naturally all the glory belonged to the victim and all the shame to the Inquisitor who burned him. Later, in the twentieth century, there were the totalitarians, as they were called. There were the German Nazis and the Russian Communists. The Russians persecuted heresy more cruelly than the Inquisition had done. And they imagined that they had learned from the mistakes of the past; they knew, at any rate, that one must not make martyrs. Before they exposed their victims to public trial, they deliberately set themselves to destroy their dignity. They wore them down by torture and solitude until they were despicable, cringing wretches, confessing whatever was put into their mouths, covering themselves with abuse, accusing and sheltering behind one another, whimpering for mercy. And yet after only a few years the same thing had happened over again. The dead men had become martyrs and their degradation was forgotten. Once again, why was it? In the first place, because the confessions that they had made were obviously extorted and untrue. We do not make mistakes of that kind. All the confessions that are uttered here are true. We make them true. And above all we do not allow the dead to rise up against us. You must stop imagining that posterity will vindicate you, Winston. Posterity will never hear of you. You will be lifted clean out from the stream of history. We shall turn you into gas and pour you into the stratosphere. Nothing will remain of you, not a name in a register, not a memory in a living brain. You will be annihilated in the past as well as in the future. You will never have existed."     George Orwell, "1984"
0	I am in a similar situation. I am a hetero-romantic asexual male. I believe myself to be realistic about my expectations and the only partner I would be successful with is likely a hetero-romantic asexual female. However, I have been spending lots of time over the past three months with a bisexual female. Recently we have been spending more and more time together, literally almost all day every day. She occasionally says she loves me, but I take it as platonic, however I do not say it back (because I have romantic feelings) and she acts annoyed when I don't. I know she is/wants to be sexually active, so I am not pursuing a romantic relationship because I feel it would be cheating her out of a satisfying relationship. So I have accepted the fact that I should not expect/try to foster a romantic relationship with her, but goddamn if it doesn't pain me to hear when she has a date with another guy or talks about another guy etc. Strangely it does not bother me when she has a date or sex with a girl. Of course I can't say anything because I have no desire to actually have sex with her (I do like to touch, kiss, etc.) and to me doing so would be completely unfair. Oh well, it's not so bad.
1	I have two problems with Maokai.   1) He is afforded to build damage early. His base stats and his kit allow him to remain pretty tanky early game while building a Rod of Ages, rather than rushing tankier items like Glacial Shroud into Frozen Heart or Negatron for a Banshee's Veil. Most tanks would barely benefit from building early damage, and they would sacrifice a lot of tankiness for it. Maokai can be very scary the first half of the game, because his Rod of Ages will allow him to dual-role as a team sponge who also hits very hard.   2) Twisted Advance. It is too good. Too, too good. Think about tanks and their initiations. What do they have in common? They can miss. Cho'gath can initiate like a boss. How? By nailing that perfect Rupture. Malphite can initiate equally well with an ability that is slightly easier to hit with (still possible to miss), but as such, it takes up his Ultimate slot. Blitzcrank can grab the enemy carry to your team, but only if the stars align and the enemy carry is reachable past the rest of the team. Amumu can only snare the squishy if, again, he manages to get that skill shot RIGHT onto the hiding carry, otherwise he bandage tosses to a beefy out front and gets kited, unable to ult the carry. All of these things are ways that a tank initiates, and you have to nail it. Maokai doesn't. His initiation is a targeted snare that relocates him to the target. That is way too good. With flash, it is very easy to pop out target-snare the enemy carry, then use the knockback (granted, it is a skill shot, but once you have used Twisted Advance, missing with this ability would have you shunned forever). That is far too good for the inability to miss.
0	Everyone wants the other side of the fence.   Every unattached person will tell you how lonely it is being single and how they'd gladly give up freedom for companionship.   Every married or long-term-relationship person will tell you they miss the freedom and solitude.
1	I think something that pops up when you go to click "Submit a Post" that says something along the lines of "Make sure you read the rules, images must be self posts and no server status questions". (similar to what /r/cringe has.   I'm seeing too many posts still that violate the rules. While they do get removed eventually, anyone trying to karmawhore it out will get karma before it gets deleted. Just sending a better message for those who don't read before posting would help.   A lot of people here are commenting about "remove circlejerk posts which do nothing". I disagree with this strongly. There's probably not gonna be a whole lot of people who agree with my point of view on this who are commenting here, but if they wanna follow reddiquette then they need leave my post be.   Hear me out on it, I think the circlejerk comments  add  to posts. Not to the discussion - there's nothing particularly wholesome which can come out of "I'm a Siren" (as an example), other than a karmatrain of funny comments.   A lot of the people here are strongly against that, and I understand. But my problem is these people are strongly against it because they only want to see wholesome discussion, and they hate anything else. Personally to me this seems quite obnoxious, arrogant and selfish (not trying to be rude, don't take it personally). This subreddit should congregate everyone's liking, and with that not everyone will be pleased. I'm here to both have a laugh and to have a good discussion on something, usually depending on what the topic is. To take half of that away would be to kill the fun - honestly I see it just as bad as /r/CircLoLjerk. They're both two extremes, neither of which I think are healthy in the long run.   My fear of this subreddit being turned into this state is it'll become almost a police state. Right now, whenever I comment I'm concerned about being downvoted for my opinion regardless how valid the facts may be. I don't want to be concerned when I post that it'll be considered "not good enough content", and I don't want posts which are jokes/witty/cleverly done wording to be deleted. It'll destroy the subreddit. I think a good example of this is /r/science where whenever I visit, over 50% of the posts get deleted. I don't want to be posting in the future, only to have it removed because it didn't add enough to the conversation (since the level of how much it adds is very debatable).
1	Wow, detailed and constructive comment ? I didn't expect that here.   I'm just gonna argue on Shook and Wickd. Imo Shook did some nice engages, but his early was terrible. He was simply outclassed badly by Reignover and that alone fucked Wickd's laning. Wickd was way above Huni in lane but because Reignover was completely out of control he's been punished hard for his aggressions.   Imo, Shook should have spent most of his early top. Bot was fine and mid was a no-kill lane. If he did that, I'm confident Wickd would have stomp the game.
1	I do not use Wikipedia for any researches because discussion (talk) pages are clunky and inefficient, trying to reuse the generic page editing approach for a multithreaded discussion. It may be possible to use it effectively, but it is very difficult to discover how to do so. Perhaps discussion forums would be a better method to talk about articles and their content.   And articles and sections of articles written by people with an agenda of their own, people with their own little preoccupations and obsessions, which dominate their contributions and make them one-sided and unreliable. This kind of problem is likely to be greatest with controversial topics, for example, in articles on politics, ideologies and religion. Nevertheless, some contributors may turn other, seemingly uncontroversial topics into a battlefield.
1	This is correct, but not the true root of the problem. Adding more actives to LoL won't save it. The item system itself is inherently broken and needs a complete rework on Slot effectiveness vs Gold effectiveness. In League all items are made to be both Gold and Slot effective. In DotA, items(other than Divine Raiper) that are gold effective are the base items that everything builds from, Iron Wood Branch which is 1 of all stats for 50g is one of the most cost efficient items in the game. Compare that to Ultimate Orb which is the biggest base All stats item is 10 stats for 2100g. That means you are paying 4.2 times more for the stats. What this does though is it allows people playing from behind to go more gold efficient to stay at the same effectiveness in the game. Of course levels and completing items give some power spikes that some times put teams ahead enough to start the snowball.   Comparing this to League, all items are meant to be both gold efficient and slot efficient. Comparing Long Sword to BF Sword, Long Sword is 360g for 10 AD, BF is 1550g for 50 AD. You actually gain gold where BF is  1.2x more efficient than a long sword. What this causes later into the game is completing items isn't just giving you that power spike when it's finished, it's also giving you more gold on completion. Lets take The Bloodthirster in consideration. BT has 1100g worth of lifesteal(Based on Vampiric Scepter) and 2880g worth of AD(Based on Long Sword) which is 3980g worth of stats not including the passive. If we base the AD price on BF sword because it's more efficient it comes out to 3580g worth of stats.   A quick comparison for DotA with Abyssal Blade(most expensive item in the game). Abyssal Blade is 6750g has 10 Str and 100 damage. 1 Str is 50g based on Gauntlets of Strength(cheapest pure strength item) and 1 damage is also 50g based on Blade of Attack(cheapest pure damage item). That means Abyssal Blade is 5500g worth of stats. The Active and Passive both cost 1250g(probably best active in the game, arguable and situational). Whereas BT is giving you 480g and a passive on top of that! This is the root of snowballing in League of Legends and the reason we see early gold nerfs to Towers and Dragons.
1	Ignore him. An all-in lane will all-in on the adc's face and slaughter him, then slaughter GP; a poke/sustain lane will poke the adc until he either has to leave lane to heal or they can all-in and kill him. GP support might work if the enemy duo chooses to actually attack you (because then you can heal and just distract them while your adc farms), but a good enemy will ignore you and focus the adc. Support GP has almost zero cc, almost zero all-in potential without carry items, and zero sustain for his adc.   GP is one of the candidates for "fills every role" (along with Kayle and Teemo), but GP support is worse than Teemo jungle. In other words, it's pretty damn bad and barely qualifies as being able to perform that role, if at all.   His only CC is a weak slow (which is already the weakest form of CC), he offers his adc no shield or heal for sustain, and his damage won't be very good without any gold to buy items. He can't all-in the enemy, because they can just walk away or hit your adc when he tries to follow-up; he can't poke, because the enemy duo will just kill you (if your adc stays out of range, making it a 1v2) or poke your adc until he leaves lane.   Lux and Zyra work as high-damage supports because Zyra can snare + slow + watch bushes with seeds and Lux can shield her entire team + snare + slow. They both have a snare and another important utility (seeds or multi-target refreshing shield); their slows aren't the important part there. Take away either the snare or the utility, and they would no longer be viable supports. GP has no snare, and the closest thing he has to similar utility is being able to heal + cleanse himself - which requires the enemy targeting GP in the first place, which is why a smart enemy will ignore a support GP until everyone else is dead.
1	You have options. So, you're in mid game and the lane phase isn't over? Ward for your adc, then roam and make plays. Or stay with your adc and farm gold and push lane.  The main job, now that the vision war is not so much of a war, is to watch the mini map and gather information. Where is jungler? Is someone about to get ganked? What is the enemy building? Is your team responding accordingly?  If someone is about to gank your mid, position yourself so you can help escape or turn a fight.
0	Python is awesome!  It is what I use 99% of the time.  I'm not a typical software developer.  I'm almost completely self taught.   I went to school to build rockets, and they only taught us Fortran 95 and Matlab.  Matlab was used at my first company (an aerospace contractor) and from there I moved into Simulink.  So in a really twisted way, I became a embedded software developer, without knowing any language other than Fortran, Matlab, and Simulink.   I got pretty good at algorithms, understanding the state of the system, tasking, data flow, all that good stuff.  But still no real language.   A friend convinced me to learn Python instead of Matlab.  At first I resisted, but after a while my eyes were opened.  Ever since then I jump in the deep end of the pool.   Don't be afraid to try things you have no idea how to do.  It only take a few months to get pretty good at something.   This year I decided it was time to learn a "real" language (don't get me wrong, I LOVE python, but in the industry you need to know other things to).  So I decided to learn how to make a simple app using objective c and sprite kit. I had to learn a ton of stuff to even get that going, xcode, git, and the whole apple dev environment.   I ended up with this really basic "game" where you moved a box around and other boxes hit it.  It kind of looked like you were dodging rocks.  My family said it was fun (I was really surprised by this, I never expected to see so much excitement from them over a block you could move that dodged blocks.   So I decided to add some polish, some music, some better feeling physics.  I kept tweaking and adding until I had a complete game.   I even had to use Adobe Illustrator to make some icons.   All in all, it was a very big challenge but very rewarding.
0	While similar, these are two different types of douchebags. The comic you linked is about a breed of douchebag that doesn't expect downvotes and bitches when he inevitably receives them. This comic is about douchebags trying to whore for karma by tricking the hivemind into believing they are independent thinkers.
1	Honestly there are people out there who are UNRANKED that are extremely good players but have no rank, i.e I have a friend who never plays ranked, but plays at a high gold level. On the flip side there are TONS of people who got carried to their levels. If you want to play more seriously go into ranked, but normals is where you learn how to play a champ and when you feel confident try it in ranked. Most people have that mindset of "oh its normals" but they still do play with their natural mechanics such me and my friends. We play off champs like teemo jungle, riven mid, etc etc but we still try our best.   Also if you're up against high people, must mean your invisible normals MMR is pretty high, good job.
0	or we don't associate our mothers with sex if we don't have to, and very few of us ever entertained the thought of sleeping with a teacher. The other stuff you can go back and forth on. The biggest problem is that with all things online, the consensus cannot be gauged using a sampling selected to support one particular view. Most of the meme's mentioned are encountered by redditors, 'in the wild', the scumbag fat girl, we've all met her, I am pretty sure the problem with her according to most who do interact with her isn't her being extraordinarily large, but rather her attitude she surrounds herself with. The good girl versions do reak of blatant misogyny and sexual objectification, and I don't think they are necasary, shit, there was one earlier that pointed out bigger girls have rougher sex, I mean, seriously, that was something someone thought out and decided, yeah, this is probably true.   College liberal isn't a Lesbian, she's a dipshit hypocrite, that's what her meme is centered around, we've met her, some of us got caught in her bullshit. Same with scumbag stacy, we've interacted with her, guess what, cheating on someone in a relationship? Yup, still a shithead move.   This whole Fat Girl thing is stupid, completely misleading, people are confusing physical traits with the traits that describe how individuals behave within the normal range of social interaction, I don't give a shit if you are skinny or fat, or black or white, but if you are a self righteous cunt-dick or dick-cunt about it, I want to ridicule you in the way that I feel the most people will see and agree with, through memism(?) memeology(?), whatever.
0	Alright, you will enjoy this story of my lazy smoking roommate.   After everyone in the house complained of his smoking, he never stopped.  We used every means available to communicate our displeasure.  Nothing.  That guy never changed.   So one day, I remember that smokers lose their sense of taste.  So since he was so trustworthy to place his toothbrush right beside the communal wash basin in the washroom.  I decided to clean the brown/yellowish piss stained toilet (he's never cleaned it in his 3 month stay here) with his toothbrush.  I cleaned it for about a week. No reaction.  He never complained and he kept his toothbrush out there in the open.   So I decided one day, that... fuck it... I'm gonna REALLY clean the toilet, and I removed all the dark stains of the inside of the toilet bowl with his toothbrush.  The next morning, I woke up because he was brushing his teeth so hard.  My room is adjacent to the washroom. Think about this, normally I sleep through the noise, but today he brushed so hard he fucking woke me up.  Can you imagine?   The more he brushed, the harder he was polishing his pearly whites with brown turds.   After a long time, he stopped.  Took a shower and left.  I thought to myself, the gig must be up.  I'm gonna be in trouble now.   So I go in the washroom, and sure enough, his toothbrush is gone.  So he must had enough sense to hide his toothbrush now.  Then I noticed the toothpaste in the floor, from the basin trailing all the way to the showers.  Inside the showers was his toothbrush.  The Sherlock in me, extrapolates that the more he brushed the shittier his mouth tasted, so he kept brushing even in the showers.   The next day, he moved his toothbrush to the normal spot where it always was.  And was brushing VERY lightly.  I can only assume that he thought that his smoking caused his gums to smell like shit when he brushed.   If you're wondering... why didn't rrodvictim01 fear for retaliation?  The reason is simple.  In order to continue my ruse, I kept my own toothbrush out in the open.  I mean.. if I suddenly withdrew my toothbrush from the communal areas, would that not arouse suspicion? So... I left my old toothbrush out there as a decoy, then kept a new and pristine toothbrush in my room.  Ditto for all my other toiletries... they all had a decoy.  Every item in the communal area was a decoy, I had a duplicate in my room since day one of my scheme.   He was gone in 2 weeks.  I dunno if he suspected me.  My new roommate does not reddit.
1	AVALON (WINTERFOX TOP LANER) IS HELIOS'S BROTHER, DIAMOND 2 ON KOREAN SOLOQ LAST SEASON AND COULDN'T GET ON A KOREAN TEAM DESPITE TRYING FOR A WHILE.
1	But see that's kinda the problem, to be the top spots you need to continually prove it. You can't just win a spot and retire, in fighting sports you need to defend your title when challenged, prove that you're still the best. In this case, it's a number game, get x numbers, sit on couch.
1	Why doesn't everyone just learn to comfortably play every roll and preferably enjoy all of them. It would make League so much more fun.   And also one crucial thing is common preference (mid/top > adc > sup/jung) is the opposite of what the pick order should be, jungle should pick first as junglers rarely 1v1 (except counter jungling I guess) so its hard to counter the enemy jungler, adc / sup do have counters but its never very hard, even if everyone says graves beats ezreal (prob not true but just example) a good ezreal could still destroy an average graves, in particular if paired with a good support!, so counter-picking is much less important bot lane. Now we get to mid / top, both should heavily counter-pick AS WELL AS work toward team comp (wombo combo team / poke team / mobility team / synergy etc.) because both mid and top are very snowbally lanes, in particular if you have an ap assassin / ad assassin mid or top as they snowball intensely (like akali / kha / leblanc etc.) so they should work on making sure they win their lane. Also due to the nature of mages / melee champs top and mid often have very hard counters, like for example morde gets destroyed by cass because he cant avoid her q's very well and can't get in range to harrass her back, however morde destroys evelynn because when she goes in to q / e harass she has to be up in morde's face, no-one wants to be in morde's face if they like survival! And for top lane teemo gets eaten by kha'zix simply because teemo is very squishy and kha'zix is a squishy slayer with a great gap closer, however teemo can make most tops that don't have gap closers cry simply by poking and then speed steroiding away with his W when they try to trade back, not to mention the blind destroys most top's damage output (of course casters / ap tops like rumble dont suffer much from the blind).
1	No decent employer does this type of thing to their employees. Imagine your employer telling you to live in a country where you'd be forced to hand out your passport to the embassy. Like OK, you can do that, you get paid to do so afterall.   Then imagine the employer, this time telling you to go to another country where it takes a while for you to get a visa. Sure you can do that asap. But no, he says so you have to be there before you can possibily get there.   And even after all that, he says if you don't get there in time, it's like you fucked it over for them so you will  have more chance to get cut at the end of the year.   So, you're forced in a situation where you're fucked because the employer wanted that to be the case. There was no need to move LCS to Wembley. You could still cancel the event assuming they let Gambit know before/while still planning the event. And if you didn't want to disapoint fans by having less games, make Fnc and Roccat play 2 fan games with 5 people chosen randomly from the crowd. -Or ask trivias or shit. idk.-   Sure, there are people who does this kind of thing, and even some of them would not do this if you were one of the few that made their company rich.   And the game being postponed is no big deal. You can even put the games after the regular season if you don't want to reschedule for some reason. And the advantage people speak of, assumes that Fnatic or Roccat spent more than 5 minutes to check the lolking of the soloqueue players they were facing. They already had the advantage coming into this week that they'd not need to prepare for a match.
0	Again, I am not an expert, so you'll have to check out /r/abrathatfits for more precise/specific answers, but basically if you're wearing a bra with a cup that is too small, your boobs can't fit all the way inside them. This means that the cups basically squish your boobs around to the side in your armpits and even into your back. Think of it like wrapping an Ace bandage around yourself. Everything gets squished and flattened and in the wrong place.   When you get into the correctly fitting bra, you'll start to "swoop and scoop" when you put your bra on, pulling all of that tissue from the sides and back back into the bra where it's actually supposed to be. After doing this for long enough, your migrated breast tissue will actually migrate back into the front where it's supposed to be!
1	I love TSM but they are going to have have a top carry to have international success. Faker has Marin Cool has gogoing Bjergsen has Dyrus? I think dyrus has what it takes to win NA, but he dies way to much for his team in laning phase and when TSM can't get anything on the otherside of the map like how SKT and other good teams will stop them from doing so.
1	Or just make it a real MOBA and make a map simply meant for FFA Combat.   But then again, this would cause an immense amount of balancing issues, as Darius vs Ashe 1v1 would not end up well. And late game ranged champs would have the huge advantage, opposed to many others.
0	Don't ever do this!  I was driving home one Christmas Eve from my aunts house, this old drunk broad drifted into our lane and knocked the mirror off my car.  We had to pull a u-turn and speed just to catch up with her.  She had no idea she even hit our car and didn't understand why we were asking for her info. Eventually she called and asked if we didn't put in a claim and she'll pay cash.  We did, and a few years later her grand daughter tried to sue us for harassing the elderly.  It obviously got thrown out because it was so ridiculous.  We didn't force her to write the check and we thought we were doing the lady a favor by not reporting it.
1	simple, imagine you have 60% crit "chance", and auto attack five times.   first auto wont crit (60%), second will (120% - > back to 20%) , third wont (80%) fourth will (140% -> 40%) fifth will (100% -> 0%)   this should be called "supercharge" now instead of crit, as youre supercharging your aa's with every shot   however, we don't want people to be able to charge up their crit (imagine gp autoing a minion with 60%, then parrrrley'ing you for the guaranteed crit) so we make this new mechanic not transferable.   however, the supercharge won't be completely lost. the minion you just hit, if you hit him again even after having switched targets, will suffer a critical hit (think vayne silver bolts but without losing stacks after switching targets)   now, if gp wants to secure a parrrley crit on you with his 60% "chance", hes going to have to auto you once first, then Q
0	In the memory of the computer it is completely the same thing. When the CPU does operations on it, it doesn't care.   The difference is what the programmer chooses to do with the data. He could write a program which takes those numbers and writes the corresponding ASCII characters to the screen. He could also write a program which uses those numbers as just numbers. The computer doesn't care.   This can actually make programming a bit hard sometimes. So many programming languages has the concept of types, which means that you declare a piece of memory to be something. Maybe you want it to represent an integer? Or maybe a character? Or maybe you want a big chunk of memory(to the CPU just a bunch of numbers) to represent information about a 3D model. The programming language is then designed in such a way that it won't let you do operations which expect one type of data on data which of a different type.
1	i'm reading some of your responses to the answers people are giving... are you really asking for help or do you just want to troll these people.   > i'm giving credit to most that responded: it's random. people will pick top picks.   i'll assume you actually want help.   even if you do that (picking strong picks), however, it doesn't mean that you wont' be "outpicked".   try taking down how many times you  actually  get counterpicked.  is it truely 100% of the time? or is it more like you notice yourself getting counterpicked 100% of the time and you pass off not getting counterpicked as trivial.   now, cassi is a pretty commonly acknowledged "counter" to ryze mid.  but that doesn't mean that you can't play that match up.  remember getting counter picked might be a good thing if your synergy with your team is better.  that will trump the bad match up.   ask for ganks if you need.  if the enemy feel like their getting camped, the match up will now be even if not in your advantage.
1	Twisted Fate is all about positioning with your ult at lvl 6 and beyond.  In lane try to farm and harass a little bit, and be sure to play safely. If you die 2-3 times in lane without you getting kills, you practically become useless.
1	Yeah people seem to go ape-shit for useless validation from complete strangers. I personally can't stand the stupid posts that magically work their way to the front page of this Reddit. I die a little inside every time I see a "Not draven, DRaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaven" or "Confirmed on Saint's steam". This Reddit used to be a place to go for excellent insight on current events in the League of Legends community, and it provides excellent new ideas for skins and balance, but when the front page is filled with "Roit Pls" "Champ needs rework" it just gets insanely frustrating. Aside from the rare skin suggestion and/or post from regular Redditors like the pro players and constant content submitters like Leaguepedia, SOTL, Dig, ect, it's turned into a giant Karma whore-fest. Personally I'd love to see more theory-crafting and a real sense of community improvement instead of the giant circle-jerk of recycled nonsense that this Sub-Reddit has turned into.
0	John 16:12.
0	It's funny, and easy to rip on IT, but you go with what is stable.   For a  long  time XP was preferred because it was stable (after the rocky start) and supported the software.  Over time, some legacy software that companies have been using for years and don't want to shell out $5,000 to replace will only run on XP, and performs poorly even in compatibility mode.   So many businesses have chosen to remain on XP to support older software, rely on the stability and avoid having to spend a lot of money.   XP, however, has reached its end-of-life.  Given that no significant patches or work will be done by microsoft (and it is unlikely that the code will be released to allow 3rd party individuals to truly patch vulnerabilities, and even then, it is a risk that few businesses would want to take), upgrading at this point is the only option.   Vista near the release of Win7 was actually not too terrible an OS.  A bit bloated, but decent.  Win7 is leaner, more stable, supports a wide range of software and while will not perfectly emulate the necessary functions for some older software, at least will for a long time be supported and any products compatible with Win7 will typically be compatible with Win8 should it ever stop sucking donkey balls.   Win8.1 was a step in the right direction, but I still think that there are some issues to be had.  Win8 was an attempt at integrating everything in an attempt to convert users in other markets over to the windows devices.  Smart phones, tablets and the XBox would all be seamlessly integrated with the PC, so the thought goes.  It would allow a more universal and fluid environment.   From an objective standpoint, this is a  great  idea.  I would love to basically have everything interconnected.  The issue is, however, that Google has done a lot of that already.  Between chromecast, googleTV, the fact that you can hook your computer up to your TV (bypassing the need to use the Xbox to connect to microsoft technology), that many android apps seamlessly integrate with a cloud based system to bring the same information to desktop apps (be it mac or PC) allows even more versatility than having to have everything "microsoft" branded in order to work together.   Had they made win8  free  and pushed the sale of things like surface, office and the xbox as ways to integrate and supplement their Win8 experience, while taking a cut off any software sales done through the Win8 store (which, much like stream, would provide access to any Win8 machine that you log on to, rather than single computer licenses like are standard for most software now, though you could only use the app on one machine at a time, much like steam, unless you figure out a way around it, like steam).   ANYWAY, I digress.  Basically, it seems like a slowpoke type situation, but in reality, it is just that they're not being  forced  to upgrade due to the life cycle of XP and that it is no longer being supported.  Win8 is a train wreck and so the only good option is Win7.
1	In 2005 I was lucky enough to get to go to E3 in LA. I worked for a small company called Good Work Systems, this company made an interesting alternative style mouse called the R2 which sported the ONLY on board memory on a mouse at the time and its own scripting language called PAL. Allowing users to script everything from button presses to mouse movements. The company was so small that the mice were actually put together in the CEO's basement by hand.   Razer was a much larger company than us, their booth was very fancy. They had multiple demonstration kiosks each manned by an official Frag Doll that you could go head to head at Quake with and a couple thousand dollars worth of advertisements. Our booth consisted of a few folding tables and two computers with demo mice we used MS Paint to demonstrate the scripting technology, a printed sign of the mouse logo we had made at Kinkos the night before and our home made shirts which sported the same logo.   On our breaks my co workers and I were allowed to wonder the floor and visit other booths get free shit and just enjoy ourselves. We headed over to the Razer booth, mostly to talk to the Frag Girls and play Quake. We started playing Quake with the Frag Girls and we start talking to them about E3 and how cool everything has been. We were there for no more than 5 minutes when security shows up and asks us to leave the building. They told us that the Razer people said we were trying to steal publicity from them because we had our home made R2 logo shirts on and were at their booth and that we had to leave. These shirts were made with puffy paint and magic marker. They had easily 10 thousand dollars worth of professional advertisements on their booth, lights, tv screens, music, smoke machine the whole nine but we were messing up their fung shui with our shirts that had a competitors logo on them.   So security is escorting us out of the building when our CEO sees us. He comes over and we tell him whats going on. He talks to security and gets them to let us stay to work our booth on the condition that we stay away from the Razer booth.   Later that same E3 Razer announces their new mouse, the Copperhead, a mouse with 32 bytes of memory. They claim they are the first company to create a mouse with on board memory. This is not true our small company had been selling our R2 with on board memory for more than a year at that point. Of course without the money Razer has to advertise their product no one knew about the R2. So Razer got all the ohs and ahs while our company was getting stepped on by Razer.
0	I was considered a bit of a bully by a lot of quiet kids back in high school. Like so many others, I turned out that way as some sort of a defense mechanism. When I was very young, I was shy and a really sensitive kid. Other kids would be mean to me and try to actually hurt me. At some point, I just had enough. I decided that clearly some kids can't be reasoned with and that they only understand one thing. So I got into a lot of fights and made sure that however hard I got teased, I could return the favor tenfold.   Because of this, by the time I got into the later years of high school, I turned out to be very loud and confrontational. Me and my friends would constantly try to prank everyone. At this point it was no longer a defense mechanism. It wasn't even mean-spirited, I was just trying to have some fun the only way I knew how. Also, it was the only way I knew how to make friends and interact with people in a "positive" way. Most people would indeed just laugh it off and I was quite popular. In hindsight, this was probably not just because they thought I was funny, but also because they were scared I'd use my "teasing skills" against them. I didn't even realize how some kids couldn't handle this or didn't appreciate it untill I heard from the principals office that we really had to stop teasing this one kid because he was actually becoming suicidal.   None of us even realized this. We'd tease him relentlessly, but we would tease everyone, including eachother. That was how school had "raised" us. We considered him as one of us. It was mostly silly pranks we pulled on eachother and most of us would just laugh it off if this happened. It was never mean-spirited and when things got out of control, we'd stick up for eachother. The kid turned out alright, but I still regret that I didn't notice how much he suffered. If he had just said something or had told use how he really not appreciated this without downplaying it. I had basically become the guys I hated so much when I was kid and I didn't even realize it.   Schools aren't safe environments for sensitive kids. I know how many people won't agree with this, but sometimes mild violence is the only answer these kids understand. If I hadn't stood up for myself and if I hadn't started fighting people who would try to bully me, I would have probably been bullied all the way to my graduation. It was also the only way to make sure that teachers took this situation seriously. Kids who are truly mean are really rare. Most of them are just kids who are trying to hide insecurities or are bullying just so they don't get bullied themselves. A lot of them don't even realize they are hurting others through their actions. Some of the kids I fought with, became good friends. They realized that they were actually really upsetting me. I think I only met one kid who kept teasing me regardless. I think he actually liked getting beat up.
1	My concern after a preliminary look through is that specific rune sets for specific champions or play styles favor players with more rune pages. It sounds great in theory, but the inability to change runes in lobby means that you are already tunneling on certain champions coming into the lobby. It will no longer be the case that someone may not have the most optimal page (say running ap mid runes on a support), they simply just will not have that page at all anymore. I think these changes can be brilliant if the option to edit rune pages can be like masteries, but if it isn't, I foresee a huge issue.
0	Oh dude. I feel you completely. I'm in this conflict with work right now where they want me to be a kitchen manager, so they have a list of tasks for me to accomplish (for the record, the things they want me to do are not my responsibility), but they keep scheduling me to work in the kitchen where I have to stay there and work the whole time, giving me no time during my shift to do what's on the list. And then they tell me I have to leave right when my shift ends so their labor doesn't get messed up.   Essentially, what they're saying without saying it (because saying it would be illegal) is that they want me to work off the clock to get these things done.   Incredibly frustrating.
0	Multiple highways merging and splitting combined with an over abundance of vehicles along with a common travel time. For example, rush hour or lunchtime. The vehicles, which fit fine in the 7 lanes, are suddenly forced to compress down to 2 lanes to merge onto another highway. Granted, depending on the specific connection, only maybe 60% of the traffic is going that way so we will say 3.5 lanes of traffic are compressing down to 2. Now these 2 lanes are compressing down to 1 lane which is then merging into the other highway and the whole time traffic is building up behind this event because most drivers aren't going to be able to do this at the 65 mph speed limit and most of the ones who do probably shouldn't. Also, don't forget that people are human so you have things like people in the right lane not wanting to merge trying to get over to the left and then you have the drivers in the left lanes who didn't see their exit coming up trying to get over to the right. Both these groups are going slightly slower to try to get over. This keeps happening because cars keep pouring onto the highway so the backup starts farther and farther back and everyone wants to get there sooner than everyone else so you have the group of people who pass the patiently waiting line of cars and then slow down with their signal on waiting for someone to let them in. What's that? No one did and they are at their exit? That's ok because they'll just stop in the 3rd lane and wait for someone to let them in. It's not just one though. It's a bunch of them. Suddenly it's not just 2 lanes blocked it's 3. Humans are human though so the next impatient group is going to block the 4th lane a little farther back. But wait! There's more! Everything this highway is dealing with? The one everyone is trying to merge with is dealing with it too! So even the cars in that single lane that used to be 2 lanes that used to be 3.5 lanes is now merging at a staggering 5 mph while the cars that aren't currently waiting to merge build up at 60 mph.
1	I understand what you're getting at 100% and I guess in a way I agree. But - take it from someone who WAS in Elo hell for a long time - sometimes you DO need to carry yourself up a little to even have a relevant competitive experience.   Most of the time at low Elo no matter what role you play you're not playing against any skilled opponent so even if you attempt to practice jungling or supporting you won't have relevant experiences because your team won't play well enough. If you try to support a team that overextends - that experience will not prepare you for a team that knows what it's doing; if you try to jungle and your laners don't know how to act during a gank that too will give you unreasonable expectations of how a gank works.   "Carrying" yourself out of Elo hell is IMHO perfectly fine so long as it is done only to the point that you start getting reasonably skilled teammates AND opponents so that REAL learning can begin.
0	I was drinking about a 6 pack and a half a night for a few years.  I'm not sure I would have called myself alcoholic; I wasn't waking up to a bottle, but it had become a nightly ritual.   I used to tell myself in the afternoon that I wasn't going to drink that night, but then night would roll around and my plans would change.   Shortly before I quit, one of my old fillings wore out, and started to disintegrate.  I went to the dentist to get it repaired, and noticed the lidocaine had almost no effect.   My tongue barely got numb.   When I eventually quit, I didn't have any withdrawal symptoms, other than noticing in the morning that I felt inexplicably good, and, when I recently had another old filling replaced, the local anesthetic worked fine.
0	This comment will probably go unnoticed, but here goes anyway.   I'm a woman who spent 3 and 1/2 years of my early 20's in an abusive relationship. The guy was charming as fuck (as abusers tend to be) and I was young, naiive, and fell hard for him. I once went to a support group where it was said, "the abuser doesn't show up on the first date and punch you in the face." They work their way up to that, slowly whittling down your self-confidence and undermining you and brainwashing you until you actually believe that you're deserving of the treatment.   If you'd asked me about abusive relationships before then, I would have told you that I'd never put up with that kind of treatment, that if I was ever in that situation, I'd just leave.   Speaking from personal experience, trying to leave can be one of the most dangerous things you can try to do. Abusers need to be in control of their victims, and if you threaten to disrupt that control, they freak the fuck out. I've had my computer smashed, my clothes cut up, and my dog nearly choked to death, not to mention getting pretty much raped and beat up on a daily basis.   When my abuser was warping my mind and brainwashing me, he also cut me off from most of my friends and all of my immediate family. They probably all saw and knew what I was going through, but I was blind to it, because I was in love, and because "I could change him, I know I could."   So for 3 and 1/2 years, I stayed with him, biding my time, fighting back when I could, calling the cops when I could, and knowing I would probably end up dead one of those days. I finally ended up getting away from him, and it's been almost 4 years of freedom now. I actually have a friend who is going through an abusive relationship herself, and it's nearly impossible to get through to her, because of the garbage her boyfriend is spewing at her all the time.
0	So I was driving about two weeks ago in a rental that I had not purchased rental insurance in, so I was pretty worried about an accident. As Im driving through this parking lot, a car makes a wide right turn into my lane and continue to drives right at me. So I let the driver get a great sample of the new cars horn, for almost causing an accident. This prompts the lady driver to want a car-car debate about how it must be my fault! To my suprise when she rolls her window down I get this little gem "Whats your problem asshole!? I HAVE A PUPPY IN THE CAR! I made a wide turn so he didn't fall, and you should have gone into the other lane!" I was flabbergasted, and I thought this couldn't get any more bizzare, but out of nowhere, this man walks over to my and, I wish I was kidding, tells me " to calm the fuck down, she has a puppy in the car" At this point I drop the logic on their head that maybe you shouldn't drive with a dog in the car, if it distracting, much like a cellphone. This ended the conversation, but holy crap what an experience.
1	There are plenty of AP tops. Sadly as a mid laner he isn't very good anymore. He doesn't have the ranged wave clear to compete with Ziggs, Orianna, Zerath, Syndra etc.   As a top however he still does the same thing as before, which is bully lane super freaking hard. But against the new kings of top Gragas and Lulu he has a much harder time bullying. Because they do more damage, and either have sustain or shields to deal with Kennen's harass.   He needs honestly more damage to be a mid laner, or more wave ranged wave clear to make a good utility mid. As a top laner I think he needs to scale better somehow. His early lane is great, his lvl 6-16 teamfight is great because of his ult. But late game the short stun isn't very good, his dmg falls of hard, and he is squishy (Also by late game the other team has finally remembered how Kennen works and doesn't stand in the ult.
1	What makes you so sur that  you  know what you are typing and do you expect us to beleive it just because you express it with a ridiculous rage ?
1	The only thing I meant by it not being noticeable late game is that typically it's not safe to just run up during a  team fight  and start auto attacking; that's why every one of Lux's attacks are super long range. Seeing you say >when it's safe to do so   as an addendum to your point confirms to me that you understand what I'm getting at. By all means, get that passive if it's 1v1, or 2v1, or really just if you have the advantage in numbers. Otherwise, getting close enough for an auto attack typically spells Lux's doom, especially if you're carrying a Mejai's, cause unless you're playing total noobs, you're the one that's going to be targeted. And if you've already used all your spells in a team fight and are on cooldown, unless you've got a ghost or flash there isn't shit you can do if the Trynd in the back decides to spin towards you during endless rage and butcher you in two hits. It's all about survivability...you don't do any damage when you're dead.   I will give you that maybe I was vague about the passive not being very noticeable in the late game. From now on I'll say "IF it's safe to do so, Lux's passive CAN be used effectively even in late game."
1	Riot has released stats using a large number of games. I can't find it now (on phone), but AFTER they made the change where purple team has the higher Elo, blue team still wins ~52% of the games. Keep in mind that the professional players playing team 5s won't be affected as much by it. The side will have a much greater influence in solo queue and at lower Elo (where the majority of players play).
1	I think Ao Shin will be pretty cool for League. Recently, over the last couple years, we've seen champion releases that push what we thought were the limits of what was possible mechanically within the game. Champions like Yasuo, Gnar, Azir, Velkoz literally broke the game on release, etc etc. In any case, I expect nothing less from Ao Shin, and I would wholeheartedly main any real dragon character Riot finally pushes out anyway.
0	This happened to me a couple years back.   I was heading home from work, and it was a just a miserable, cold, snowy day. And I saw this lady hitchhiking. I felt bad, so I pulled over to pick her up. I did, however, hit a patch of ice and lost control of my car. I had two choices, nail the semi in front of me, or veer off into a ditch. I chose the ditch. Almost immediately, two guys stopped to help me get my car out. It took about 30 minutes. The lady came over to ask what happened. I explained I was going to give her a ride home, and still would if I got my car out. So, we got the car out. I asked if she was still interested, and she was. She asked if I could help her out with something to drink and some cigarettes. I obliged, pulled into a convenience store and paid for cigarettes. The drink she wanted turned out to be one of those 99 bananas mini shot drinks. I was too nice to say no to that, and what's the harm?   Back in the car, I asked where we were going. She proceeded to tell me her friends house, in a part of town far shadier then where we already were. I got nervous, but she didn't seem to care. She called her "friend". A guy that didn't sound pleasant, or small, gets on the phone and gives me the address. She hangs up the phone and then asks, if I could maybe help her out a little more. And then proceeds to tell me that she's a prostitute, the place we're going is her "bosses" house and then gives me her prices. I pulled over at the next gas station and told her, this is as far as I'm going. Merry Christmas and good luck. She started fiddling with her purse, which freaked me out much more. But she got out, looking pissed as shit, and cussing me out as I drove off.
1	Yeah I reported someone for being boosted like 2 months ago and guess what? The fucker has his rewards and isn't banned.
0	Couldn't we say the same for you?   I actually will add something to the discussion however. It really is brave to do something like this because of the mass of man-hating feminist extremists that hijack a thread with their stories about how a man was mean to them so all men suck. I have met people who believe that sexism doesn't exist against men because they are "privileged" yet they do not see the actual struggles of men at all. It is similar to racism, racism can happen to anyone, period. A lot of people will say "Nu-uh! You can't be racist or discriminatory to white people!!!" This is along the same vein of this argument. Bottom line is that you can spout nonsense like that all you like, but it doesn't change the fact that being sexist and racist and discriminatory hurts...no matter who you are, what your gender is, or what your race is.
1	Power spikes in general are based off items and levels. It's really only a point of time in the game when your champion or champion reach a "spike" in terms of power.   For botlane specifically you have to calculate both the adc's spikes and the supports. Lvl 2 gives an additional spell, sometimes lvl 3 and always level 6 again. Some champions gain a bigger spike from levels than the others, like in my opinion Leona getting lvl 6 is stronger than Nami getting lvl 6 etc. But it also works on items like some have replied already. Compare a Trist vs Kog lane. Kog builds a trinity force while Trist rushed IE. 1550 gold gives the Kog a phage/sheen/zeal and leaves 100-200 gold to spare for pots etc. The same amount of gold however gives Trist a B.F. Sword that is one of the first AD spikes she has. They're both now up to their first item spike and depending how they play it can give you a lead, however I would give the advantage here to the better support spike. Further on in the match up, Kog gets Trinity and Tristana can have his IE ready at the same time. This is a power spike as well but in terms of relative power, Trinity force > IE because you need some as and crit chance to fully utilize IE. So all in all, Kog is now stronger through his power spike than Tristana and you should utilize that with your team.   As for supports, I find the ones with the most CC always being more reliable in carrying. Think it like this: you got dmg so you're able to kill someone. What if they escape? What if they turn the fight around? All is possible and the unless you can utilize your dmg to it'maximum potential, you have a risk of losing the fight. If you got CC, you can essentially nullify one person from the team, making it a 4/3/2v5 for the duration of it and through that, ease the carrying of your team.
1	My name is Rufster, and I am the official shoutcaster for [CompeteLeague](   I was listening/watching Nightblue's stream too when he was talking about that. I wish I could reach out to Sky right away and tell him about our league and ideas.   It is literally the EXACT same idea that he has, and we've been doing it for months now. We actually just started our second season with a Gold Competitive League (GCL). Our first season we did a Silver Competitive League (SCL, LCS backwards, get it!?).   We have verified, registered, and set teams for our leagues. Anyone can join at the start of the season as long as your ELO falls into the respective ladder at the beginning of the season. We have about 4-6 passionate and experienced shoutcasters at our ready, including myself, a Diamond I Support Player.   Like I said, I really wish I could speak with Sky about this because we literally share the exact same dream. It would be SO amazing to collaborate somehow and really get these players that have been devoted to our league the spotlight they truly deserve.
1	The comment from the TC is quite selfish in a sense. Not only that it costs money, resources and time to implement but consider others that live in faraway countries that already have a very high ping (>200) and add another 100 on top of that.  I'm not sure if this is true but players on the NA server either get thrown into one of the two servers, either on the west coast or in the center of USA but by increasing the amount of servers across USA, this could completely screw up the game. Also, by increasing the amount of servers across NA, this in fact loses money instead, so why would they do it in the first place?
1	I disagree here. Adding Alex Ich might be expensive up front, but it would more than likely pay dividends in the long run. Alex isn't just an experienced mid laner - he's a renowned world class mid laner, assuming he hasn't fallen off since he played with gambit.   I think link is good, but his potential™ upside is still less than Alex's résumé. Considering the likelihood that such a substitution would be a marked improvement, the probability of CLG making and progressing at worlds likewise improves.   Combine that with the fact that Alex has an established international fan base that likely doesn't coincide exactly with that of doublelift, and it's likely that in addition to any fans they gain from future successes they'll have a built in number of fans upon picking up Alex. This is really only important when considering merchandizing, but since investment in a player is the concern here, I think that's in the top two priorities for such a signing (with the other being the ability to be relevant in the world stage).
0	I'm the youngest, but it was pretty much my job to make sure by older brother (by 6 years) didn't do anything too stupid.  I'd say that was pretty hit or miss.   However, I see my sister doing shit like this to my nephew (10), who practically raises his younger brother (3) because the younger brother's dad is a complete dead beat and my sister is lazy.  She uses the "well that's why I had kids so they could do X thing" and it makes me want to vomit.  She thinks she should be given a medal because she has "hard times" every month.
1	In Draft mode, you have to respect the pick order. If you queue alone in Draft or play Draft at all and expect to play 1 role regardless of what the team says/does, you're a troll.   If the lane you demand has been picked, then pick another, still picking the role because you called it, is report-able in my opinion.   In Blind pick, typically who ever calls it first, gets it, however I think people who say "MID" and hover over a Champion but don't lock in, are morons. If you want mid and don't lock in, yet someone else locks in and you still pick that Champion, you're a troll. Just because you hover a Champion, still leaves a chance for you to change your mind.
0	Yea, that rustled some jimmies when chrome did disallow the direct one-click installation of user scripts from other websites than their store.
1	I don't see how anyone could read that angsty 17-page rant and come out thinking Link was one of the good guys. Best case scenario is he was complacent and did nothing to improve the team's morale because he was mentally checked out, worst case is he was actively part of the problem. The
1	I believe unorganized is a more proper term to use rather than unprofessional, although it was to a degree.   Expectations were also set too high by the community as well. When you put Regi, Chaox, and Dyrus together in a "Q&A" section, what do you expect? The attention span will never last longer than 12 seconds.   OddmiralOne is always answering questions anyways, and Xpecial has a guide for every support out there.   Also, people need to understand that asking for builds and guides is pretty stupid when 1) Theres 4 billion guides + Subreddits + Forums to go to, even guides written by these members and plenty of others from other teams.   TSM really needs a PR team. I for one would gladly apply for such a position.
0	go to a gym , 5'6 140, play soccer, barely overweight( some ab fat). Goal is 130 lbs, + muscle because I have a personal trainer with a scheduled work out scheme. He only called me fat because It's the only thing I have ever been sensitive about, aside from the fact I have almost invisible eyebrows.
1	Serpah imo did the best he could. CLG as a team was the issue, because of this it showed out in Seraph when it really wasn't his fault.   Seraph was brought in because he was a very good mechanical player, able to do 1v1 and hopefully they intended will have a better laning phase than Nien.   Especially in the lost again C9, C9 outplayed CLG at their redbuff, this set both Dexter and Seraph behind. CLG decided as a team to send Seraph low levelled to roam with Dexter trying to make plays, again this didn't work. Seraph then became underleveled and was really really far behind. This wasn't his own fault, it's CLG as a team deciding for this to happen.   CLG didn't try to help Seraph with many ganks or trying to put him in 1v1, so it makes him look behind, so people blame him.   What really needs to happen is for CLG to stop maybe trying these strange new tactics and try to enforce standard lanes so Seraph can really shine.
0	Staying grounded- That's where true happiness stays true. Money will buy you everything you ever dreamed of having, and when you've experienced all the materialistic things this Earth has to offer, you become jaded, and you start to slip. This is why so many rich and famous people become drug addicts- they have had it all, now they want to numb themselves. I sometimes think about what I would do if I won a big lottery. I immediately think of all the shit I would buy, everything I ever wanted. But then this kind of depression slips into my head. The very though of "having it all, then what?" feeling. Then I start to think about starting organizations to help the less fortunate, getting all my family in nice homes and being financially free. Living out a simple life of giving back to others. It's the only way I could live rich I think, otherwise I would turn into this over powered maniac.
1	Playing jax into teemo involves getting E lvl 1 and abusing the dodge duration to last hit. (You can even put a few points into it to lower the cd)   Try to get better boots than  him by lvl 6. IE boots2 if he has boots1. You dont really need items to pressure him at 6. Then at 6 do the usual 2 hit on minions -> leapstrike/AA/empower combo. If he fights you, use E and fight you'll win as long as you dont get shroomed. If he runs and trys to AA you when retreating you have E to prevent dmg. Blind will not stop the passive magic dmg from your Q/W/R and teemo will be forced to chug many hp pots or be killable.   All you have to be wary of is jumping into a mushroom and your mana. (Flask stronk vs teemo).   Last hitting early on means you have to abuse the brush. Do this for the whole lane, pink wards are useful both for jumping and clearing mushrooms out of toplane bushes. Besides the boots2 I rush sheen if I have gotten rather farmed. Bilgewater cutlass is great for pressuring the teemo as well as the slow helps counter the mobility teemo has via move-quick. (Try to save it after he uses movequick). Then I just go TF or BoTRK depending on what the first pickup was.   Lastly, teemo is very susceptible to ganks if you pink and clear his mushrooms. Early ganks help you combo him faster. If you ever have a lvl advantage use it pre-6 to bully with Q/W combos. Once you hit 6 he cannot do much unless he pulls ahead in exp early on.
1	It's a hard thing to balance: if you go for very risky plays while ahead you're in danger of it turning bad, but if you don't take risks at all you give room for your opponents to catch up. Balancing aggression is something that very few pro teams do very well. Two good and opposite examples are ex-CLG.EU and Azubu Blaze.   ex-CLG.EU are know to only take very calculated risks, holding into their advantages waiting for the perfect time to strike, or slowly recovering from deficiencies in a similar manner. a.k.a., The Turtle Strat^TM. There is an obvious flaw to that: if you loose early game too hard you won't be able to recover fast enough because your map control and teamfight power will not be on par with the snowballed enemy.   On the other hand, Azubu Blaze are known for being aggressive from the very first second of the game. They will swap lanes to take the first turret, then repeat it with all the outer turrets. They can easily get 3 turrets by 7 minutes. Then they push that aggression, keep control of the objectives, and put heavy pressure all across the map to keep the opponents in check. That does backfire sometimes: if the opponents have better late game teams and are able to slowly farm back the early advantage can just melt away. (I will name this The Tiger Strat^TM for a nice dichotomy).   I have not seen any team so far though that knows how to balance The Tiger^TM and The Turtle^TM on different occasions. I see strategy becoming more and more important in Season 3 due mechanical skills plateauing at some point for most players.
1	I don't think that was what he said. In Battle.net (Diablo 2), there are some many hackers that use some methods to dupe items. Some of those that find these methods use it for their own purposes, but others actually post these methods on the forums to make Blizzard take measures against it and fix these bugs.   I think, Riot's policy is like this: They don't want any cheats or hacks in this game but IF someone somehow figures out that there is a way to hack (e.g. maphack), they would first blame themselves for poor coding and giving the possibility to do this. They would fix it and not ban those that took advantage of this.   An example I can give from Diablo2 is as follows: There was a hack that could make the server you're on crash, so you could, for instance, try and build an item by inserting 3 extremely valuable runes and if this item turns out to have poor stats, you would make the server crash and your inventory would be resetted, giving you the opportunity to insert these 3 runes again. This method was posted on forums and everyone made use of it, making it completely unplayable for that duration because the servers would crash every 5 minutes. If it wasn't for huge server lags and masses of posts on the blizzard forums, no one would have taken measures against it because Blizzard has long forgotten Diablo 2. So better have the hackers find out bugs, make it public and exploit it for a week to a great extent than having a bunch of people make use of it secretly when no one knows about it.
0	I was accused of cheating in my Linear Algebra class by my professor when he noticed an error in computation. He chalked it up to me getting it wrong because I was copying from someone. One error. One integer wrong in a matrix and he called me out in front of the class for cheating. Asked me if I wanted to see the Dean. I finished my final exam first. Stopped. Looked around. Looked at the prof and turned in my exam while DOGGING THE SHIT out of that mother fucker. I passed the class. The asshole in front of me was using his phone to cheat on the final. Fuck that teacher.
0	It's horrible to say it, but there some truth to that. If I jerk off before going to see a girl I'm excited to see, I realize I'm not as excited anymore and just think about the potential negative factors. I sometimes think I would be happier if I simply had no sex drive at all. My best relationships were really just glorified friendships with optional sex. Happiest I've ever been was during a social/sex life boycott and just spending my free time alone, with my dogs, or with my brothers.
1	I have over 1400 dominion games played (700+ wins) and have played Dominion on and off since it came out. Here's my take.   Do I think dominion needs some love? Absolutely. I can understand why the OP would write something as dramatic as this, because frankly the Dominion community has been in large part abandoned and forgotten by Riot. But I think there's a better way to get Riot's attention on this.   Dominion is probably a perfect tool for people at Riot to learn about managing player expectations. I don't recall the exact posts, but somewhere we were told all they had to do was "flip the switch" for ranked and they were waiting to see the health of the game before doing that. A few years later, here we are and still no ranked. Now why this is, I couldn't tell you. Probably a lot of factors come into play. Overall popularity, balance, steep learning curve, player perception, rampant botting, etc.   My problem isn't that there isn't ranked, or that the mode isn't popular.  My problem is the lack of communication by Riot on what they intended for Dominion to be, and what they intend for it to be in the future.   Riot is OUTSTANDING at communicating with players for almost every other aspect of the game. They pride themselves on being player focused, and I believe that they are. However, there's been too many inconsistencies in Riot's already small amount of communication about Dominion over the years. There is a playerbase that is super passionate about Dominion, and I think they deserve a meaningful answer on the state and future of Dominion.   The thing is... is that I don't even think Riot knows what they want to do with Dominion. There's only a handful of Rioters who work on Dominion, and it's only one of many projects that they probably work on. This ultimatum is pretty rash. I think what we really need is an executive decision from Riot on what they want to do with Dominion, and for that direction to be communicated to us. Being left in the dark for so long has been really disheartening. I don't play Dominion nearly as often as I used to.
1	Yep, so this thread is kinda pointless because like I said most people on reddit are like you, they preach against rage and try not to do it, sure they screw up sometimes but they try.
0	Being that I am not gay married(not planning on it either) or religious I feel I have very little to contribute but have often ponder the same question and this is what I have come up with. I find that most religious nuts are really only concerned with the word marriage that they consider being defined as a holy sacrament change to be define as something that they consider unholy.  So what is the big deal with the word?   For me it is just a word. Word can be used in different contexts for different situations and can even have their meaning altered in the process.   Respect for another beliefs I can understand. I will even agree that we can consider this as a factor but how much weight should it really have when it comes down to the law's definition of marriage?
1	It's default bound to the ` key. (Above tab)   Whilst holding it, you may click on minions to move to where they are, without attacking them. It's useful for switching monster aggro when you are ranged but you want to take aggro instead of somebody who is melee; you can walk right up to baron, for example. Also useful for jumping over double golem wall from golem side as Nidalee, or placing the ward at red buff over that wall as a support without taking golem aggro by accident.   Another trick to use when Thresh's lantern is hard to click is to just click slightly up the chain from the lantern, it will still zip you back.
1	Guyyyys why must we create these threads. I totally agree it would be great, but you're basically asking Riot, a for-profit company, to give away profits. The more Double IP weekends they host, the more IP players grind, and the less chance they will spend real money on RP. Riot's a great company, but there's no real reason for them to throw away potential revenue just because a bunch of people think "it sooo gooood".
1	I don't see why you think you didn't deserve it. You claim to only say idiot, but you obviously said more if you got banned for, not mentioning previous games. I get angry and flame every once in a while, saying worse than "idiot", but have never been banned. You obviously deserved it.
1	Which he could've done in the first place, because obviously he has the resources to crack those systems.   However I was just giving you an example of a situation in which a "hacker" does not have any malicious intent and is acting within the boundaries of the law.   But let's say I'm trying to convince you to trust a hacker (I'm not, but we can pretend)   I would tell you a hacker is not "a person who wants to steal acces to computer systems". It's simply a person who has a lot of knowledge about computer systems (and usually their security). So it is someone who potentially has the ability to do so.   Also you're saying he can "come back" into your systems and take whatever he wishes. Well, if that's the case you either didnt use the information you hired this white hat to obtain (logically, if you hire a whitehat you are going to plug the loopholes he finds) OR he kept behind information.   In both situations however, we are now apparently talking about someone who does have malicious intent, and is thus not to be called a white hat.   I'll leave you with this: a blackhat is to a lockpicking burglar, as a whitehat is to a locksmith. Do you mistrust a locksmith simply because he has the ABILITY to pick your locks?   (
1	I'm hovering around Gold 1 and I main top. I've tried everything I can think of in an attempt to find a top laner that doesn't either lose lane horribly to Ryze, or doesn't get drastically outscaled by Ryze.   Any melee-range laner is pretty much out of the question, but I've tried Jayce and staying back and poking, but if I miss an accelerated blast, he just runs at me while it's on cooldown and way outdamages me. Then, if I try to knock him back with hammer-form, I just get rooted in place and take an extra Q. Besides all of this, his ranged form isn't actually that long of a range if you can't EQ.   I've tried Vlad and just letting him shove to turret and try to stay out of his range. I lose a lot of CS to the turret and being zoned, though, so he usually outscales me pretty hard.   Someone like Kennen I thought might be good but I haven't had success with it.   Mundo gets punished very hard before he gets any MR, and even after that you still get outscaled overall (Ryze will do more damage, as well as being very tanky)   The only thing I've found that can beat Ryze is heavy jungle pressure and camping, which isn't always a possibility, and if my jungler  can't  come top frequently to help, the lane just goes completely awry most of the time. I've just been asking the team first pick to ban him, and if he isn't banned, then to just hope they don't pick it.
1	I dont care about Chaox opinions, or any other proplayers opinions. Let them have it, then suddenly someone comes out of nowhere, rapes them with something "unviable" and suddenly it has always been strong and viable.   Pros are human, and even though they have great teamcomps and stuff i feel like, they have no idea what they are doing. They are entitled to their opinions and dont really try new stuff. Maybe buildorder changes. Thats about it. But with all that Soloq, you could not possibly have time for it.
1	Muramana is a great item on Ryze, anyone can tell you. Iceborn gauntlet is not an item I like building early on. Ryze like any other mage will also land auto attacks in teamfights if he isn't pressured so the slow can be useful, but the damage on the iceborn gauntlet proc is barely noticible. The two items (muramana and iceborn gauntlet) don't actually synergize since the iceborn gauntlet adds 1.25x your base ad, so not the bonus ad gained from muramana. Compared to frozen heart it gives slightly more mana and it gives ap in exchange for less armour and no active and less cdr. So it's worth upgrading your glacial shroud to gauntlet up if you're already CDR capped and you don't need the attack speed slow, but I wouldn't get it until you've got all your other items, since it's so damn expensive (it's like a 2k upgrade cost from glacial shroud).
1	Original article:   感謝各位朋友的支持！ 很難過的跟各位報告！lms明天的賽事我們將不出賽！ 往後是否繼續參與lms賽事我們將會於近日決定！ 感謝大家~這樣的酸民文化實在讓我心寒，也無支持電競的熱情了！ 相關活動依然會如期舉辦，包含鐵人盃賽事與女子隊徵選。   Translation:   Thanks for all your support!   We have some bad news for you all, we are not attending tomorrow's LMS matches.   We will decide if we want to continue participating in LMS in the future.   Thank you everyone~ These kind of 'salty fans' tradition is making me sad and making me lose my passion for e-sports!   Relevant activities shall continue, including the female-only tournament selection.
0	Really? Why is that? Might be an unpopular opinion but being with someone who is constantly depressed could bring you down too and seeing someone you care about let themselves go is depressing itself. (Now I'm not saying dump someone in the short period people are switching meds like ohitsjustkevin mentioned, you have to give a little leway in during these periods to make a relationship work.) But over time its tough on both parties involved, and could wear on the one who's always trying to cheer up the other one. People change and you can't force someone to stay with someone else just because they had a history. Pity is not a good reason to remain in a relationship, shes a person not a psychiatrist. Sorry for this little rant but you don't know the whole story so she might be a perfectly fine person.
1	You tell them to go ahead, then play as good as you can and make sure you learn from the mistakes you make.
1	I call MIA when it's convenient for me (sounds conceited, I know)--like, I'm not going to sacrifice a few last hits (Or whatever the case may be, depending on what I have to type.)   However, I hate when my teammates don't call MIA.  At least as a courtesy.  Yes, people should have map awareness.  Yes, people should be checking their minimap very frequently.  However, MIAs are always helpful to those people who either forget, don't do it at all, are distracted (for whatever reason) or in my case, in the zone and all of the above occurs.  Yes, I also frequently miss the MIA calls because of this...But it still helps.:)
1	When you're playing a game of baseball do you get out of the dugout and scream "Hahaha you suck just quit you loser!" to the opposing batter that just struck out?   When your opponent barely misses a putt that  would have put him ahead of you in a round of golf do you go "Wow you just failed so hard. Easy win."?   No? That's because it's universally accepted that showing humility in victory and grace in defeat (that should sound familiar, by the way) is the proper thing to do in sporting matches. Just because the anonymity of the internet allows you to get away with acting like a little prick doesn't make it right or acceptable. I'll be the first to admit that sometimes I've taunted, usually in response to earlier arrogant bragging, but stop acting like it might be okay to taunt the opposing team "strategically." It's not, and you know it's not, so don't try and coax an approval out of us to justify your immature behavior.
1	Well with bigger rewards comes bigger risks. The old system was a constant series of small, mundane kicks. The new system is much cleaner, it has clear values and points of risk, but it's because you can clearly see where the rewards lie, that failing here becomes a bigger point of frustration.
0	Let me tell you a story of David vs Goliath. I have a beat to piss 94 firebird and had a green left turn arrow making the turn some jackass in a '12-'13 camry heading opposite of me had blew through the red light and slammed me. My car ,from what I'm told since I smashed my head against my roof/rearview mirror/windshield and blacked out, lifted a good foot or more off the ground. Wen I came back too I got out of my car and asked the other driver if he was ok.   His car had the driver side front end smashed in, tire blow out, and looked like some suspension damage as well.   My car the bumper was cracked and mangled but other than that he managed to push it about and inch to the driver side and bumped the radiator core support up about 2 1/2.   Got in my car fired her up and drove to an adjacent lot to get out of the way. Cop thanked me for pushing my car out of the road ,wasn't on scene yet and didn't see my front end, and when I told him I drove it off he just about shit assuming that my car was way fucked like the other guys.
0	First of all, don't stress out too much. Even though it is potentially a very important test, having a breakdown on test day will not help you. If you can't do a problem, don't get upset about it, but move on to the next one and come back to it if you have time. The curve they use to grade the test means that you only really have to get like a 70 to get a five on the exam. If your teacher doesn't have you take practice exams in class (mine did), I'd recommend printing one out and taking one. College Board posts old versions of the exams on their website, which you should be able to log in to if you've taken the SAT/PSAT, otherwise, I'm sure your teacher will be able to provide you with a practice exam. Knowing the nature of the exam is important, because it can help you figure out the best way to deal with the time limits and questions in the exam. Getting to know the scoring system helps, especially on the open-ended section. On that section, you need to put down as much information as possible, and only taking a practice test (read: previous version of the exam) and using the grading guidelines that are provided to the graders of the exam while reviewing your work can truly teach you how to answer the open ended questions on the exam.
0	No I have no problem with it at all it just seems that a lot of homosexual people tend to use there sexuality to define themselves instead of who they are maybe its just the people I've been around. And if it were straight people doing this I would also be annoyed. I don't think they should just make a gay superhero just so there is a gay superhero. I mean any superhero movie or even normal stories where it would be focused on the sexuality of the protagonist would be absolutely horrible. Yes the love interest is in all superhero movies etc. But its not the main point of the story.
0	Graphic Designer/Studio Manager here. Involves me sitting in front of a 27" iMac for 95% of the day. It's a small business, everyone has admin privileges on their own computer, and I'm the most tech savvy employee anyways (and therefore am also  de facto  tech director).
0	As a androgynous female, I can't tell you how many times I've had girls confess to me thinking I'm a guy with girlish features. There was this girl, Laura, who didn't believe me, she slapped me because she thought I was lying and making fun of her as my way of rejecting her. I ended up being late to my next class (Gym) because I grabbed some ice at the nurse's office. So I'm rushing into my uniform and decide to just change in front of the lockers as opposed to in the changing rooms to save some time. Laura had apparently forgotten something and came into the locker room, she ran in just when I was topless and when she saw me her mouth dropped into a small o shape. She stared for a few seconds and ran out crying while I just stood there bewildered as to what just happened.
1	I'm inclined to think TSM is not a top 3 team and it'll stay that way. Nothing against them but I don't think any of them looks to be a good candidate for shotcaller and Bjergsen's first split dominance won't carry over. Sure he's still a great laner, but the reason he looked so good (in my opinion) was due to TheOddOne's style of jungling and TSM's overall laning strength allowed him to shine in many games. But towards the end of last split and now continuing, some of the other mid laners have impressed me more. Gleeb has shown himself to be a great replacement, but I really don't buy the hype about Amazing. Despite his high KDA this week, he seemed pretty mediocre (especially with such an easy schedule).
0	As someone who has had several jobs cleaning malls and other public washrooms I can tell you the most common place for guys to piss on the seat is right in the front, it's from the last drops you shake off mostly.. That's why most public toilet seats are U shaped so the piss doesn't stain the seat.   This means your smacking your tallywhacker on the most piss covered part of the toilet seat. And lots of times people piss on them and then just wipe it off so there's still piss residue all over it, and it can build up for days between cleanings.
0	Well theoretically this is untrue because a business operates with the least amount of employees that it can. People arn't just saying yeah fuck it you guys only make 7 dollars an hour anyway whom ever wants a job can have one.   Also we need to look at not jobs created but jobs that matter, creating a part time job at McDonalds isn't going to help anyone other than a 15 year old kid. "Job Creators" Operate in their best interest and people operate in theirs. You say that business won't hire if wages are to high well I present to your the argument that people won't work if the wages are to low. I could write a 10 page thesis on this and there are lots of people that already have, but the truth of the matter is that, my wife and I are both full time workers she has benifits i do not. We both make under 30k and both have 4 year degrees. If we have one fuck up in our life thats it we are done. We can't afford rent we can't afford food.   Now that's not right, that's bullshit. We don't live lavishly we live in a safe area near our work and we should be able too. I hate all this crap about how competition will level everything out. No it won't Regulated competition will but not otherwise.
0	I don't see why now would be any better a time to introduce it than any other time. The Orwellian nightmare featured in the book showed flaws in society and values which to our current collective cultural understanding seem essential and require constant protection. Something needing constant protection is just as relevant in good times as it is in bad times.   The book itself is also a timeless masterpiece allowing reflecting on the values of society and what can be envisioned of the future.
1	Also, I should point out that while chinese forums tend to make fun of players in LoL, it's never intended to hurt the players' feelings. "Making fun" in chinese culture can be very different than that in western culture. Here, on reddit, if it's not clearly stated that it's just a "fun trashtalk thread", any bashing will be taken as toxic, poisonous insults.
1	And he could still finish within four years even with taking breaks, unless you mean for some reason they need to be consecutive years. I can't imagine that would be an issue for the places I have worked.   Yes I meant consecutive years.  Let me put it this way: you have one open position left, who are you going to hire: The academic beast that finished his bachelors in 3 years, or the hippie that wanted to explore his spiritual side so took a break to backpack around Mexico for two years before finishing his degree.  They may be equal in ability, but one appears way more motivated by his or her career.   >For where I am at, they care way more about experience, interest in the job and success at school. If anything finding someone with unique life experiences is a big plus. It shows they are willing to be dedicated to what they are passionate about and that they have had experiences which can widen their perspective.   While I agree that traveling/life experience can be a big plus, It's hard to sell a unique traveling experience as a plus if they don't even call you in for an interview :-/.  The sad fact is employers have to weed out/throw out resume's based on things like: GPA, time to finish, etc. so they can narrow a job with 100 applicants down to 10 interviews.
0	There's an intersection near me that has a "No Turn on Red" sign up but it also has a traffic signal that has a right turn green arrow for when the cross traffic is taking their left turns. People who don't drive around here often don't look up to look for the peculiar right turn arrow and many miss it. I look like the asshole giving them a short honk but it's a major highway on ramp street so there's a huge line usually.
0	Umm, Reddit isn't a massive corporation and the proceeds from gold keep the site live and the ads minimal. Reddit Gold is probably the most creative way to get fiscal support from users, in that it's fun and non invasive. Imagine if you had to pay to post certain types of links or make self posts longer than 140 characters. Imagine if the site was littered with video ads and banners and pop-ups.
1	This is why I think riot enforces the smurf accounts. At season 2(when I started) I got into bronze V. Same thing happened season 3, but I was able to climb to silver 1. At preseason 4 I got into gold 3. My other friends that got into bronze V at season 2 gave up on their accounts and used them as smurfs. They made another main and because you're much more skilled than the people you get matchmade with, your mmr will increase. So now they are in plat while I'm in gold 3. After this soft reset, meaning that you do take into account my season 2 and season 3 rating, I have a lower chance of getting gold than my friends that only played one season.
1	Not a noob question, I don't exactly know how to explain this, but they're gonna (eventually) move Dota 2 to the new Engine (graphics don't get modified, but stuff like loading time and lag(?) is lessened).   They want the modders/mappers to have Source 2 as well, so that they're not limited to the old one I guess, or because Gamecon is coming in a week and Valve wants to hype people up for that.   You can already (sorta) play Dota 2 in 64x in Source 2 (though not recommended right now)   They're able to run Dota 2 in both engines, because they're not so far apart.
1	its not even a nerf really. Yes she's getting a nerf on her base damage done on her fox fire and ulti, however shes getting a buff in the ratio amount of damage done per AP. So what this means is that her early game is going to be a tad more difficult, and her late game is going to hit harder.
1	Make sure you buy it from when to 50% off sale comes (22nd of January).   The IP boost is only worth buying IF you play 6+ games a day. If you buy it 50% off it will be worth when you play 3+games.
0	Absolutely true. However, rough generalizations of the top of class don't always filter down. I used to have a guy at work who would get a rise out of the other woman in the office with stuff like this. Tried it once with me by telling me that women would never be in the NHL except as tokens. I agreed but pointed out to him that it would not stop me from being able to kick his ass all over the ice in a game.
0	When I was little there was a picture book that my parents read to me loads of times. So many times, in fact, that I could recite the book by heart by remembering what to say each time a page was turned. One day my uncle asked me if I knew how to read. I grabbed that picture book and recited the whole thing to him. I was very young so he was really impressed. He went and got my parents so they could watch me. He asked me to read the book again. I did, word for word. This time however I was holding the book upside down.
0	This is exactly right. I have a wife and 2 young daughters. Have to work 50 hours a week to make end's meet  because we bought a house and car at the very tip top of my price range. Living paycheck to paycheck, ruined my credit because things break and I had no money to fix them, so there goes the house payment. Then work 70 hrs a week to make up that money.  Starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel finally.... Its been 6 years of making over $2000 a month and not being able to buy ANYTHING extra. It's driving me nuts, and making my marriage hell.   That and it's pointless for my wife to work because the cost of daycare completely negates the paycheck she'd be earning.   Not trying to have a pity party, just hoping to help you guys out.
0	that shit is a stupid comparison. 90% of the people working at a soup kitchen have other jobs that pay them. and the other 10% are actually employed by organization that funds the soup kitchen and get paid. What, you think those people at soup kitchens just work serving people all day every day and don't get paid by the charity organization or work at another job? How are they alive? Where do they live? If they just volunteered every day and didn't get paid, they'd be on the other side of the counter and be the ones asking for the free food. Volunteering at a soup kitchen is something you do on the weekend or a day off. It's not a job like being the CEO of a multimillion dollar organization. Being a CEO isn't a side thing that you do on the weekends or when you have free time. It's probably harder and more stressful than anything you've ever had to do, unless I'm totally wrong and you're the president or some shit of the Salvation Army or United Way. And good luck telling your parents, wife, girl friend, boy friend, husband anyone who supported you financially that, "yea thanks for helping me get a degree and paying for a lot of my shit so that I'd be qualified enough to be a CEO of a giant organization. I'm going to go and not get paid now while doing the job only a small minority of people in the world are capable of doing well."
1	A response like this to what was obviously tongue in cheek seems to indicate you have higher than normal sensitivity to people being internet bullies.
1	Something I noticed is that lots of people are saying it looks cluttered. Yeah, a bit, but here's what I'm thinking. The current client only takes up like 75% of your screen. Maybe just rework it so that it is maximized window size? This way it looks better and stuff is less cluttered. thanks for reading
1	I think the biggest thing is that riot  appears  to be able to only work on one thing at a time. And right now that always seems to be new champs since that is what's in every patch,champ previews are almost the sole news on the homepage, etc. People are tired of seeing new champs as the only thing they're doing. Riot  really  needs to work on their communication skills with the community. Explaining their thought process is great, but when they say their working on important stuff and then we see new champs yet again its like "really? Your priorities are effed". Tell us a team is working on new art, or that replays are coming or a new map is being worked on or there's an overhaul to the lobby UI coming. Don't tell us you have 1 (one!!!) guy doin the stealth remake and its not a priority so you don't know when it'll be done because then we see more champs come out and Its appears Instead of working on new features that one guy got told just to work on a new champ.   Honestly, this entire discussion reminds me of early WoW when the blues never gave any kind of useful info and asked the community to trust them that cool stuff was coming. Luckily cool stuff did come but so far Riot hasn't proved it can deliver on their promises so they don't have the benefit of trust that the blues in WoW do today. Plus the blues got lightyears better at communicating with the WoW community and unless Riot makes some concerted efforts to do so, they're going to have a pissed off vocal community too.
0	Snow is awesome! No other form of natural thing is so ready for rampant destruction. People yell at you for destroying shrubs, but snow? Whatever. Lobbing snowballs at icicles? Cool. Snowballs? Go for it.   Let me lay that last one out for you: It is considered acceptable to lob chunks of ice at people, kick piles of the stuff, and use said ice chunks to trigger giant spiky stabby traps falling to the ground.   Also? Sick drifting. Driving a minivan feels amazing when you can spin in a circle and end up in the intended spot.
1	So the biggest problem with psychology in this game is worrying too much about what your allies are doing (in general, not specifically within the game).  If you just focus on yourself and improving your decision making, runes, etc., you will have an advantage and will be able to carry better than the average other player in your game, which lead to you getting out of that mmr.   Every player has strengths and weaknesses that add up to put them at whatever mmr are at.  Some players are dominant in lane and clueless later in the game, some have great team play but tend to lose their lane, some can only play one role and lose when they don't get it and some don't have runes, but have higher than average (for that mmr) other skills to make up for it.  Once you have a certain number of games played, you are where you are for a reason.  The people playing their first ranked games are another issue, but as long as that isn't you they will be more likely to be on your opponent's team than yours.
1	Gonna have to very much agree with Destiny on this one. He didn't ask for anyone to do anything towards Own3d.tv in his thread. All he did was post a cited page detailing how he wasn't paid for the work he did while in service of the streaming provider.   The fact that "Witch hunting" and "pitchforks" appeared in the thread is a result of other people, not Destiny himself. The correct response for the mods would be to actively watch the post, and delete anything that would be taken as "Witch hunting" (If you really want to delete anything at all).   I understand the desire to keep people from being doxxd, but this is a case where Destiny wasn't paid for months of work by a well-known streaming service, and he wanted all of /r/League to know about it. I imagine his motives were as simple as "Look at how awful these guys are screwing us!"   The people at own3d.tv are going to be harassed, one way or another. Probably more-so with the removal of Destiny's post, because now everyone who has been riled up has a reason to think that the Moderator's are defending own3d. If the fire gets bigger than it was before, it's on your heads.   In conclusion, i sincerely believe the mods made the wrong choice here. Not only does the /r/League community now have a "witch hunt" for own3d.tv, a few bad apples now have one for the Moderators of this subreddit. It wasn't a tactful move to broad-stroke the delete brush on the entire thread, because now its another problem completely.
0	I made stupid faces at a random standard poodle. He didn't like it. Owner tried to tell me but I said " awwww he's jusht a pooood" bit in the face, looked like scarfCe for about three months. Kind of cool scar but it's gone now.
1	Thank you Tryndamere and thank you Ryze for creating what is now such an amazing social phenomenon, I'm talking about League of Legends for sure.   By thanking both of you, I thank also all the different employees in Riot, from the Community Manager, to the live broadcast crews, via the game designers, and everybody else inside or outside Riot who is involved in making LoL both game and eSport such a great and amazing success.   I hope you guys will finally lead to recognition what really eSport and gaming truely mean and how much that can be a great factor of development and integration.   Now, I'm gonna ask my question : recently, I've heard and read a lot of criticism about sexism in LoL as a game ( things like what is shown here  and as an eSport ( things like what is shown here . Girls complain about how all female champions look so outrageously gorgeous and even guys complain about how perfect is male champions' body. It's not a general opinion, but there is more and more people that adhere to their view about sexism in league, at less they take their affirmations a bit seriously. Also, female LoL players complain about why they cannot begin a pro career in LoL eSports (it's not only the case of LoL though).   For the first point, I'm a guy and I love the models design and splash arts of all the attractive female champions in LoL, and I do prefer the sexy character designs/suits/poses of some Ahri, Katarina, Sona, Ashe (sorry for that :p), Janna, Miss Fortune, and Syndra, rather than some less attractive designs/suits/poses of some Poppy, Tristana, Vayne. About "discrimination" in eSports scene towards female LoL players, I might have some ideas about the reasons of why there is no female pro players in LoL, but my english is not good enough to explain clearly what lies in my mind (if I can say it like that). \^\^' However, the way you handle this problematic could even reach a sociopolitical dimension - or I'm just talking shit...   So,
1	In the end... I learned only one lesson from this "chat restriction"... Don't type in chat at all because regardless of what you say you will be reported.     Curse words..... even though a filter fucking exist... doesn't matter get ban/restricted   Constructive criticism.... doesn't matter... even though most people learn from their mistakes when they are addressed if you call someone out on a mistake you will be reported.
1	Try heading over to /r/summonerschool I'm sure there will be someone who can help you. Though your best bet is probably to just keep doing what you're doing. And obviously enjoy yourself.   EDIT: You may also want to included links to a few replays in particular you want analyzed or provide a more specific question. Otherwise you'll get really really vague answers like mine that probably wont satisfy you. Just a tip when asking questions. Maybe ask about a match-up you have trouble with? Or what a good CS milestone should be when playing a certain lane. Maybe post a replay with something like. "We were winning this game at first, at what point did we start to lose?"
1	in bronze and low silver(5&4) all you really need to do is focus on maximizing cs. Try to hit around 100 in 13 mins. 200 in 24mins. And you will carry because you will get your items about 5-10 minutes faster. Higher silver. You have to apply pressure. If theu guy bases. Push the wave to his turret. Auto attack it 3-5 times. Base aswell. If he goes to roam. Take his turret. Push the wave to 2nd turret.
1	I really think people need to calm down calling this change a horrible/stupid mistake on riot's end. I feel this is a change that will work out better in the long run.   Honestly, they want to make the game less farm oriented for laners but more about having choices. I wanna see more people roaming and getting kills and taking advantage of that AFK farming Karthus/Anivia/Zyra. I hate seeing pure farm lanes.   This will also allow more interaction between the lanes and greater emphasis on dragon control, and with a lot of the new jungler items we could see a lot more crazy things coming out from teams b/c of a change in gold income for laners.
0	This happened to me last year and I knocked on the door of my friend's apartment and she didn't respond so I texted her and still got nothing.  It wasn't until her roommate showed up with the drinks asking why I didn't just call my friend, so I told her I got no response.  It wasn't until her roommate called her that we found out she was a little preoccupied with a special guest.  Needless to say it made the rest of the night a little odd.
1	You wont get banned for this. If you do, you will get unbanned after you send a ticket. Well, thats assuming you didnt break summoners code in any other way.   As for me, i warn people when i want to try something unusual, then pick it and mute those who start bitching about it. Although i make sure i dont pick adc top when team already has 4 squishies and stuff like that.   I cant stress enough how good is mute function for those who start bithcing about someone elses pick.   edit1:
0	Related: I used to work at best buy and I helped a guy buy a computer. He came in at least five times and I spent a ton of time helping him (not on commission just doing my job). Anyway he came in one night and bought a computer and said he couldn't take it home with him right then because it wouldn't fit in his car. Best buy offers a delivery service (which they charge for) but me being me I asked him how far away he lived and he said ten minutes and said I could just drop it off on my day off tomorrow on my way back from class.  He was really happy and so the following day I asked him for the address. He sent me the address and I popped it in my gps and started driving. Since I was at college I wasn't familiar with the area and turned out the ten minutes away was actually an hour in each direction. I just figured well I said I would do it so I drove all the way there and someone else was home to accept it. Guy never called to say thank you .. Never tipped me or anything... And as a broke college student I wasted all the gas I had. I was pretty mad at myself after that and stopped being so helpful to customers. Anyway.. What this guy did was the right thing and you being appreciative certainly made it worth it. It takes two people to make a nice gesture meaningful.
0	That's exactly what I mentioned too. I acknowledged that it can be the last drop, but what I'm saying is that if somebody somewhere wearing a shirt, which apparently a lot of people consider completely fine, is a drop at all for you that makes you not want to go into science then I would imagine there would be a whole boatload of OTHER things which would also be difficult. In science you can be railed on day in and out even if you are objectively correct. Your objectively correct result just doesn't line up with somebody else's agenda. You will be made a fool of by politicians, lawyers, laypeople and other scientists just so they can push their agenda.   Since people aren't reading the whole post through:
1	It might sound a little bit crazy, but I have this theory:   Dordo is a interdimensional flightless bird that can assume the form of any animal that has ever existed and he may enter and leave even the dimensions of the cybernetic world.   Originally, Dordo was the result of one of the first DNA engineering attempts, lead by SKT T1 R&D, which involved the DNA's of a korean chicken and a recently found [Dodo]( fossil.His in-game model presumably looks like [this](   Two months after the completion of SKT's time machine, SKT sent their first animal, Dordo, to the past but they never got any evidence that he made it so they assumed his existence wasn't impactful enough to create repercussion in the future.In prior to sending him to past, Dordo seemed like a normal animal with no special capacities.   SKT then sent Faker to the past with the excuse of "winning season 3 world championship" so that they would know that he actually made it.Faker is actually a secret agent that came to the past to seek for Dordo.They wouldn't waste resources to just make a Gold IV win the world championship that was worth less money than what they would use for a time travel, would they?   Something weird happen 6 days before Season 3 World Championship started.Do you guys remember?They sight a wingless Dragon and called it Ao Shin and we  never  saw him again for a entire season.Much like  warning, pokemon spoilers , Ash saw a ho-oh at the beginning of his journey, Ao Shin never made an appearence in either league in 10 or 20 years.And Faker actually won season 3 world championship after that incident.Coincidence?   For season 5, we have this crab in the middle of the river that runs from us.What is he doing there?I find it really suspicious.   Then we have the older league in 10 years picture, which shows we have a champion called Pingu, which looks a little bit like Dordo (small wings/arms, long beak) and can use stealth but he doesn't appear in this league in 20 years one.   I believe Dordo is also Pingu, which didn't use stealth but actually moved to another dimension to avoid Morello's nerfs.Pingu probably ruined ranked games across Earth 2-13.   How Dordo/Pingu got his powers remains a complete mistery.
0	I don't know if you intended this or not, but corn flakes were invented by Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.  Kellogg was the medical director at the Battle Creek Sanitarium, where he basically claimed that all that ails you comes down to either "self-abuse" (masturbation) or poor colon health.  So, corn flakes (and flaked cereals in general) were invented by him with the goal of not exciting the taste buds, for fear that exciting flavors would arouse sexual feelings.  Kellogg, who also led this abstinent lifestyle, claimed proudly and publicly that despite being married for 41 years never once had sex with his wife.
1	They should not. I like current TT jungle :     3v3 on a small map implies a lot early ganks and skimirshes, therefore making tanky bruisers strong picks, and bulky champions can handle the old jungle     if you've tried jungling TT, you'll notice that if camps were fast respawning and easier, you would need to roam the map a lot more, thats already quite difficult to jungle without getting ganked     you are going to build resistance on most champions played in 3v3, there will be at least one wriggle, making jungling very manageable     getting the jungle farm is very important to win on TT, important objectives should not be easy to get     3v3 meta is more versatile than 5v5, since it relies a lot on a 3 champ synergy, if you get a good 3 champ combo, it often worth (and fun) trying     map being quite tight teamates can help a lot at start without being late in their lane
0	Not quite. Disagreements/"being thrown out" with parents is not enough to overturn dependency for federal aid purposes. You have to prove full abandonment through extensive documentation/letters from professionals/etc. if your parents have paid even a single bill or health insurance for you any time in the past year or two, you'll still have to provide their information to get aid.
1	I can't speak for all mods, please don't take this as that.   Just to outline a bit of what you guys don't see:   Honestly, the majority of moderation is going through the filtered posts. I don't mean the stuff on the front page, I mean moderation queue/reported links. We could dish out some examples, but 99% of it is just crap - honestly: crap. Granted, you might not think that is for us to decide, but if this place was unmoderated, there would literally be hundreds of posts every day of boring end game screen shots. I was shocked when I first started modding, because I was like "wow - the mods here suck, /new is always full of garbage" (sorry guys!). But really, that is an incredibly small portion of it.   What does that mean? That you guys don't see the majority of work that the moderators do. What you DO see are the highly visible removals and the interaction that the mods have with the community. While perhaps interaction should be increased, that still leaves a huge chunk of the work in the moderation queue which will always be invisible.   Now a lot of people are of the opinion of that moderators should have a very light hand in actual post moderation due to "downvote and move on" or "if its on the front page, people must want to see it" - but this has historically not worked (see other comments about easily-digestible posts vs content full posts). That simply is a flaw in reddit both users and moderators of all subreddits have learned to accept. In a natural state, reddit itself flows towards low value content.   Another thing that is slightly invisible to the general users: every  single  front page post that we even consider removing gets voted on. There is usually some chaos involved regarding the two sides which are: a) remove it and have to deal with the drama that shortly ensues or b) leave it up and set a precedence for those posts becoming acceptable - resulting in an influx of that type of posts. This means that when something escapes past the moderators filtering through the queue, if it rises to the top we're stuck between a rock and a hard place. We have rules for a reason, and it isn't to limit or control what you guys want to discuss - it's because things would get out of hand otherwise.   Please try to keep in mind that we're not doing this for some power fulfilling dream. All of us were members of this community before we were moderators. We want this place to be better - that is why we're giving our time to helping to make it a nicer place. It's easy to pin us down as evil or overbearing, but honestly that isn't why we try to enforce rules or guidelines. It isn't easy finding a balance in keeping the whole world happy and in check at the same time. It also isn't easy when the moderation team consists of several different people with several different opinions.   Just don't think we're evil - I promise we're not! Our intentions are always for the best experience for the average user :3
0	Actually, I have seen this posted before. However, pricks who call repost on everything they find don't seem to understand that  there are other people on the internet  that haven't seen the damn thing.
1	If you're on NA you can add me and I'll play with you.  PM me if you're interested.  Honestly, when you're first starting out without runes or masteries the characters feel a lot weaker than when you're at level 30. I had a REALLY rough time in the beginning.  I lost so often that even now, a year later, my W-L ratio is only just now recovering.  I definitely win far more games nowadays than when I first started though.  It's going to be tough to win in the early levels because of smurfs.  My advice would be to learn how to play against champs.  The more champs you know how to play against the easier it will get.  Each champ has a counter mechanic or an inherent weakness which can be exploited.  You just have to be able to figure out when the time to strike is.  For example, playing against a lane with a Leona in it (I use this example because I play bot lane most often).  Leona is annoying as fuuuuuuuuuuu. However, if you bait the Zenith Blade (or she just uses it) and she misses, then you can trade for the next couple seconds without worrying about that particular method of CC.  It's a tremendous advantage to learn the characters' kit and know what they are capable of (both their abilities and the cooldown lengths).  That way when you lane against them, you know when you can most safely strike.
1	I think it's a good thing for the e-Sports scene in the long run, it is not stable enough to stand on its own right now. In other words: the companies supporting e-Sports right now are not making profit from it. Until LoL/other games reach a level where it will be profitable for the companies to have a pro-scene, we will need e-Sports-related companies/organizations to be as stable as possible, to be able to support the scene indirectly.
0	i know there are a lot of people out there like you, but i have a hard time really getting it.  i love love fucking LOVE my wife. i'm going to be with her forever, etc.  i also love my kids.   but what i would not fucking do to get rid of all of them for, say, 3 or 4 days and just be able to drink and sleep in and do whatever i want, whenever i wanted it.  just for a couple of days. just that.  to not have to hear my goddamned name being called so i can go get something for somebody. just for a few days. a few fucking days, man. jesus, i'm begging you. anybody. somebody.   i love my family more than anything but it has -with no exaggeration at all- been  years  since i had anything more than an evening to myself.   my poor wife doesn't really get it.   she's built differently and thinks this means i don't love her or something, but it's not like that.
1	Why can't we have a possibility of changing a champion when we are already in group? We would just change it, then if team captain approves we change champion, if he doesn't, we stay with an old one. If I join que as Jinx, and I see team could really use Sivir, why can't I do a simple change? I agree that que should start with picking role and champion, but that's it, after joining group I can just go afk, since there won't be any talking since we can't change our champions, all we can talk about is a simple plan for the game(so far in chat I've seen hoping for a missing player, nothing related to game). And since we can't change our champion, we can't adjust to potentially better strategy as we talked what we could get to make it a better comp. Right now when I que for team builder I feel like I'm wasting time, I have 10min+ que time in blind pick and it still is faster than team builder and has the same effect.
1	Can you give any real examples of a champions in the forums being released in Dota? I played Dota for years and enjoyed reading the Hero suggestion forums, and I was always really disappointed that heroes never got implemented. I then got really excited by the Farie Dragon hero creation contest, only to be hugely let down when Puck was a mashup of the top suggestions, instead of an actual hero suggestion.   Another example was a hero who had "pinball corpses". He made all minion corpses bounce enemy champions and deal damage for a short time. He also had a spell that worked like the opposite of Dark Seer's vacuum, and repelled all units away from target unit. I remember that the hero had a lot of unique and fun concepts, but none of them were ever implemented.   Final example is the Hydra hero. About every 2 weeks a hero using the hydra model was suggested, and to this day a hydra hero does not exist in Dota.   I will concede that the community did influence balancing.
1	I've said this before, but let me explain something to you. Kara is more of an admin when it comes to the NESL, and if it was up to her she wouldn't cast. When makeup games get put together, and no one is available to cast them, she steps up and will cast them. Really, what she is doing, is saving our butt's when these makeup games.
1	Refresh rate is the cycles per second that your monitor displays.  AKA, how many frames per second.  It is ideal to set the fps of the game to the same refresh rate as you monitor so that for every refresh of the screen there is also a new in game frame to display.  Syncing the two values yields vastly superior quality in the image.  Any FPS value over the HZ/refresh rate of your monitor simply is not displayed in the monitor despite how many FPS the game engine processes.  Most modern monitors of course can handle 120-240hz with little issue at most resolutions.
1	WARNING: ALL SPECULATION  With all that's going down with TSM. I predict Regi to leave TSM at the end of season three, like he planned to do last year. I think Regi know understands that he doesn't have the persona to play on a team. Now my biggest question was who would replace him since their are few good mids that are free agents, but after seeing Xpecial spam mid lane it seems like he might take the role over and they will pick up a new support. I remember aphromoo spamming top lane when CLG was talking about the roster change. I figure this may be the same thing.
0	Canadian here. Whenever I drive through the states, I'm always taken by how amazingly friendly people are. Yes, Americans are a bit heavy on guns and god, but overall very decent people.  Now that is contrasted with the American government who would screw you three ways to Sunday if it benefited them in the slightest way.
1	I doubt you will be rushing BT now, especially on Corki and Lucian who get so much out of Trinity rush :     BT isn't even gold efficient on the stats which means you don't get a stat spike when you finish it and there is no stacking spike either for lane snowball   As you've said the shield is small especially early game, so not worth rushing     Lifesteal on Dorans means 2 dorans + vamp will be enough LS (14% LS)     I think standard builds will go 2 dorans -> vamp if you need it -> Trinity for Trinity ADC. Then I think IE will be most DPS and then something like BotRK.   I think you underestimate the new BotRK as a DPS item, the 8% current HP on-hit will make smashing tanks early on much easier, especially with Randuin's nerf - I think it will be much more popular than BT, you will just keep doran blades for LS untill late game then you will maybe pick up BT as second LS item like you said.
1	I had this the other day. The mid laner was stupidly angry at our jungler for no reason, told him to get cancer etc, the usual shit people think is acceptable to say.   So I just asked the mid laner why he is doing it? Why they thought they can tell someone they hope they die of cancer. Turns out this guy actually had some issues outside of game to do with college work getting to him and his parents divorcing. He ignored me though as I said he should apologise to the jungler.
1	In my opinion, TSM Chaox v2 would actually make sense. Reginald says he needs someone who he can trust to replace him, and while they did have that giant breakup, I'm sure Regi still has some trust because he knows how good Chaox's game knowledge is. Also Chaox wants to shotcall, which is also another thing Regi is looking for. And I think mid can fit Wildturtle's style extremely well considering he is super aggressive and it fits well with the meta.
1	I remember another post about negative experiences with these guys, specifically ElderDreams. I don't wanna search for it, haha but I haven't heard of many positive experiences in dealing with them (probably because if it's a good experience, people don't feel the need to comment on it).   Erebus seems to have his head on straight, but who knows. It could be a front he puts on for the public. Who knows, I'm sure he's an okay guy but in that case he needs GOOD staff to represent the organization. You might be the face of the company, but the customers have to deal with your grunts...
1	Hit the nail on the head! Zion, Aphro, Double are very good players at their position, Link has always been considered mediocre, Xmithie was good in s3 but simply average at the moment.   In terms of coaching staff, I love Scarra, but he definitely spends a lot of his time streaming... And if you follow his stream and look at his thought process in the ban phase in soloq... I really dont see how he would be a good coach for the overall strategy/morale of the team.   1) He's a pretty unsure person   2) His decision making in game/overall map awarness is pretty lackluster   3) He's too nice and awesome!
0	It pisses me off that I had to go this far down the thread to find someone who wasn't saying, "but in this case..."   No. If you ever say "she made me hit her" you are wrong.   That phrase is used predominantly by asshole abusive people trying to justify their actions.   Are there times when it is okay to hit a woman? Sure. Will you ever need to utter the phrase "she made me hit her" afterwards? No. If you hit a woman who is coming at you with a knife, you will say, "she tried to kill me." if you hit a woman who is drowning a baby, you will say "she tried to kill the baby!"
1	so heimer with the lowest base movement speed of ALL champs can outrun a karthus with wall of pain? um. no.   lets weigh it out.   your setup:  4,5% movespeed (quints), so 313 mspeed total.  15 ap , a little mana reg, 80 hp (dorans)  no pots   vs   350 movespeed  (boots)  15 ap (quints)  no mana regen  450 hp in pots   so basically what you are saying is:   "i pick the same offensive stats, just less defense and less movespeed.  and no ignite. "  so i cant ever kill anyone and can never get away from ganks. also i cant ever recover from trades and die as soon as i get poked repeatedly.   also this post is gonna get downvoted for telling the truth.
0	I have had discussions with my wife about this. She loves the twilight series. She once said more guys need to be like Edward. I asked her what her SERIOUS response would be if I said something like this:   "Before you, (insert wife's name), my life was like a moonless night.  Very dark, but there were stars, points of light and reason. …. And then you shot across my sky like a meteor.  Suddenly everything was on fire; there was brilliancy, there was beauty.  When you were gone, when the meteor had fallen over the horizon, everything went black.  Nothing had changed, but my eyes were blinded by the light.  I couldn’t see the stars anymore.  And there was no more reason for anything."   She ended up agreeing she would probably laugh and tell me to cut the crap.
1	Master of one role, proficient with the rest. If you never play the other roles, you don't know what is expected of them and therefore can't be the best at your main role.
1	I don't think this is a very good suggestion. Not to sound like I'm one of those "exclusive" assholes per se, but I paid real money for skins that I like and want to show off.   -If Lee Sin is free, I want to play him. In champ select everyone and their mother is thinking " oh god its free week lee prepare to kick away from team ". Then loading screen pops up with the Dragon Fist splash art. While it might not mean I'm a pro at the champion I'm playing, for some one to own an expensive champion AND a skin means they are at least a bit seasoned with that champ.   -This  doesn't always hold true , but skins=skill to  SOME EXTENT . I have invested 1820 RP into Brolaf, but only after playing him for an  extremely  long time. If someone has a skin, then  logically  they plan on playing that champion for a long time/have already played them.   -I know we all know that person who buys a champion and skin with them straight away, or the people who are new to a champ and have a skin that was on sale, but the general majority of people who own skins have an idea of what they're doing with that champion. Making skins free for freeweek champs would cause unnecessary confusion while also decreasing sales. Why should I have to convince a random person that I own Lee Sin and X of his skins just because Lee is free? What if I suck at Galio but I am using Gatekeeper and I miss an ult "GG this freeweek skin but 0 skill" or "this noob says he have galio legen. skin look he missed fkin ult".   -One of the reasons I personally believe riot doesn't implement a direct skin viewer tool is because the image the skin splash has as opposed to the in-game model. I would have never bought Muay Thai Lee while knowing what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happen to be a Lee main, and I wanted to own all his skins (plus the splash looks really good).
1	Yeah, I'll be honest and say that I've had the dream. I literally dreamed about winning Worlds, I've dreamed about streaming with 40k+ viewers, I've dreamed about posting on Reddit and copping 30 upvotes instantly just because  holy shit that's that pro player!  I've dreamed about being the first Australian team to make it big, I've dreamed about holding top spot in NA and AU servers, I've dreamed about the "Australian LCS" and not dropping a single game in the qualifying rounds.   Unfortunately, last year, just as I was starting to get really good at the game (not trying to boast, I was improving steadily and it didn't seem like I was going to stop any time soon), my life got flipped upside down. Loss of loved ones, financial issues, depression, anxiety, stress, the whole nine yards. I essentially gave up league for 3 months, and when I came back I was playing with the skill of a low-silver player, when I know I was playing at Platinum or higher level in S2.   After getting back into League, I managed to bring myself up to a respectable skill level (though, I will admit, I fuck up fairly often), but realised that I will probably never be able to make my way into a team. I can't start one - most of my Australian friends who play this game are quite bad, and, in truth, have toxic attitudes. Those that don't either only play semi-casually or have quit the game... for example, my mate Lewis - he essentially taught me how to play the game. When I first met him he had some 600 wins and I was level 12. He took me under his wing and we've played well over a thousand games together. Without him I'd likely still be playing at a bronze level. And yet, he hardly plays anymore. The game isn't fun to him - solo queue is depressing as hell, and playing with a premade 5 is just as depressing because, as I said, our friend group who plays Leauge is a harsh combination of lack of skill and terrible attitude. Their inability to learn purely due to stubbornness makes it incredibly difficult to play with them and so he doesn't. He's gone from playing 5-10 games a day to maybe one or two a day, every couple days. On the odd night where we have 4+ in mumble, we'll play up to 5 games, but most of them are losses and it just ruins his morale. I still remember him boasting about having roughly 200 more wins than losses in normals - his normal elo used to get us matched up with 2.4ks, it was horrible and terrifying but a learning experience.   Because he's lost his motivation, I doubt he'd ever want to be in a team, let alone with people he likely doesn't know.   I also have huge trust issues, and can be very critical at times. I dunno if it's the anxiety or what, but even with people who I've played 50+ games with, I feel as if everyone is selfish and they're trying to take all of my CS, steal all of my buffs, take all of my experience, deny me everything and basically do whatever it takes to make me worthless, even if this isn't the case. Because of this, teams that I've tried out for, despite doing extremely well (my mid Jarvan is so fucking scary), I was dropped for someone who had weaker stats.   Another friend of mine, Jack, came from DotA and SC2 and started maining support in League. In less than 3 months he started playing with the knowledge of a gold player and I was really excited to pick him up and put him on my back in hopes of throwing a team together. Having an AD/Mid player (Lewis), Jungle/mid player (me) and a support main (Jack) is much more appealing than just AD/Mid and Jungle/Mid. Unfortunately, Jack switched back to Starcraft, and hasn't played League in nearly 2 months.   Boom. Hopes of a team gone.   I'll dream about becoming a professional until this game dies. I know I have the skill; I know I have the knowledge; I know I have the determination; I know I have the mindset; I know I have the potential... but I also know that it's incredibly unrealistic due to the terrible situation I'm in.
0	Also, as important, communicate expectations beforehand.   I could never stand children in stores. All that crying and whining is disgusting. I would always beg off shopping with friends because of their kids. My sister showed me a different way to make shopping with kids peaceful: clear expectations and follow through. Look each child in the eyes and tell them, "The 'I wants' get nothing." Not one of them even asked for snacks, toys, or gumball machine prizes. After the shopping was done she would often give them a choice of something cheap. Never candy or soda. Sometimes there wouldn't be anything extra and they just accepted it and never protested. She never had to give warnings of punishments. All three under 7 yo would walk quietly and not touch everything they passed. I used her motherly techniques as my guidelines and my kids have also never misbehaved in stores, restaurants, or any other kind of outing.
1	My friend and I were noobz to mobas when we did our grind to 30. We qued with our lvl 30 friends and got stomped. For me this was a learning experience. I got to see how to play champs well, what role they do, and how items matter. I had a fun time and always like to reminace about old meats and items that were used in the lower levels.
1	The only problem I have with this argument is the fact that a role swap doesn't magically make Zuna a shot-caller.  From what you describe, it already sounds like Zuna has been making calls the entire split, but they still threw games.   The two counter-arguments to me are that Zuna being in a less mechanical role will give his mind the freedom to think more about the game, kind of like qtpie syndrome.  However, what I say to that is, I don't believe Zuna is actually all that knowledgeable about the game.  For this I refer back to the start.  If Zuna has been shouting all split and people liked to hear him yell and listen to him, then why didn't they win more often in the first place?
0	rant>   Here's a problem I had as an English prof: There's really no such thing as a "perfect" citation page. With the myriad sources one can draw from these days, it's just impossible to come up with a standard for all of them. I mean, read the most recent MLA format for web sources. It's literally a list of, like, 15 different (if available) bits, with the only truly necessary one being "Name of Website." Okay, but what do I use as the name of the website? It's not always clear.   I realize that this isn't super difficult for, say, a HS paper, or a 100-200 level college paper because you're probably just referencing a few books and a website or two, but I just published a paper not too long ago. I think I used entries in MLA, APA, and God knows what else just to account for random things. "Here's a French pamphlet on the pragmatic implications of interrogative structures in discourse written in 1907 that I could only find on an obscure section of MIT's web resources, and all I have is author and year of publication..." Yeah, close enough has to be good enough for something like that.   </rant>
1	Long story short, no. There are too many smurfs and flamers to make this fun for someone who legitimately wants to learn. It'll be downright frustrating unless you find friends to play with. The majority of the existing players are terrible when it comes to new players. I can't imagine enjoying the game when people constantly expect you to play on a veteran's level.
0	It's also the main indicator of a person with serious mental illness.  They are people too.  Self-preservation is good when deciding to leave a mentally stable partner, but doing so when someone is mentally unwell could have severe consequences.   I posted my advice [in a separate comment.](
1	Riot, please  do not  nerf Brutalizer or any bruisers. We don't need it.   Guys, stop complaining about every single thing that changes every single patch. Learn to adapt. We keep complaining about a stale meta, and what happens when we're forced to adapt to a new meta?  We fucking complain about it endlessly.   Learn to adapt and try sending your AP mids elsewhere, try shifting lanes around, or try completely breaking the laning meta. There are the few weeks out of the  entire year  where we can gimmick as much as we want and receive minimal backlash from our teammates;  take advantage of it  or stop complaining at all.
0	I guess it's really cools to see that if you take squares made by the radius of  any  circle, that 3.1419~ of those squares fit into the circle. And then to go on to realize that Pi times r^2 is the area of a circle because of the previous discovery is sweet.
1	Despite the champion choice, which imo was amazing considering how season 3 meta evolved, the combination of Crystalline Flask + Spirit Stone will become a fotm. Probably, for the whole season. I recommend it for EVERY mana hunger champ or any champ that were dependant on Philo Stone in season 2. The cost of both items ia 1075g while Philo Stone is 700g. Also, you build it in a much easier and better way and it pays off faster than Philo Stone itself. And it's not all, Cryst Flask will make the purchase of hp pots on Nasus useless since he has a great passive that works really well clearing jungle camps. Anyway, Diamond is BY FAR the best jungler of the world considering his champion choices and playstyle. Season comes, season goes and he continues on the top.   Edit: Also, if you buils Philo Stone, I'd assume that you will basically lose 300g because it won't be smart to build anything from the initial jungle item. So Philo Stone would cost 1000g, actually.
0	This\^\^ - Story time.   I learned this because one of my friends had an unfortunate accident in the dorms.   He had a couch that was a monster of a static producer. Every time your ass touched it, you basically became a human van de graaff generator. He routinely shot 4-6" sparks every time he reached for a doorknob.   One particularly cold, dry day he was watching a movie with his door open so people could come and go. After a bit of indulgence in some soda, he had to pop up to go to the bathroom. He walked out the door and on this fateful day, he was unlucky enough to meet someone at the bathroom door who held it open for him.   There he was, un-grounded and unzipped at the urinal. From my room, I heard what can only be described as one of the most blood-curdling screams I have ever heard.   Apparently the spark that shot between the water in the toilet and his... fun bits... was around 8" long so the rough estimation is around a 100,000 volt discharge.   That scream still echos in my head to this day.
0	Just before he told me this he was telling me about how he had to search someone's property for a call he was on.  He said there was a dog keeping him from checking the back yard.  His supervisor told him to shoot the dog if needed and that he had his back.  Good Lord my Thanksgiving is going to be eventful because we'll be having a discussion about these two things.
1	they say their team mates make them lose games consistently.   Actually this is very true and the reason I believe Elo hell exists. Before you downvote me, let me explain.   First of all, my biggest gripe about Elo hell is the lack of a standard definition. The most common definition is "my current Elo" so I understand why most people don't take the idea seriously. My definition is a range about 150-25 below your true Elo.   It's hard to argue against Elo hell existing with this definition as long as you accept my next point. Bad players have a bigger impact on the outcome of the game than good players. Carries don't exist in the same form as Dota or HoN. Yes, at a certain point you can carry, and anyone below the stated relative range should be able to carry consistently enough to raise their Elo in a reasonable time frame.   The problem comes from your quote. The team with the most bad players, or the single worst player, usually loses. So unless you are significantly far from your true Elo, and you're not one of the worst players on your team, you have much less impact than you should. I actually did some shitty statistical analysis on my games a year ago when I first came to that conclusion, and the results were mind-boggling supportive.
1	They don't nerf whatever because its FOTM. They nerf because there is some cheesy abuse of a champs mechanics.   Jayce had the triple crit.   Veigar and zyra had the 1 cc move support gimmick which riot doesnt like.   Some FOTM they took a long time nerfing to make sure they are OP and not just strong:   Lissandra.   Nidalee.   Lucian last season.   As Diana is played as a counter pick and not a cheese she should be fine as should people like Viktor. If some interaction between the new item and Diana is found and it is super op she may be.
1	As an EUW player whose native language isn't english, I can assure you that non-english-speaking players aren't rare at all here in european servers. While there was a dramatic improvement with east/west europe separation (especially for people from Russia, Poland or Romany), the language issues aren't fully overcome at all.   Face it or not, it's not a matter of racism: english is world's "default language" in a lot of environments, from professional to leisure area. While I think I can't force a player to score a certain english level as requirement to play, I find that game slang is a strong way to ensure the basic and most important information exchange between players.   Terms such as "ss", "focus champion X", "baron", "go b", etc plus the ping interface (I know, it's not as clear as we wish but hey, improvements are always possible) are enough to grant fundamental coordination.   And here's another thing: the will to coordinate. This is crucial toward the victory chance increase, I think we can all agree that a non-comunicating teammate has a big knockdown in usefulness, wether he's good with his champ or not. So it's not only a matter of mother-language. Anyone can and should familiarize with game terms and most of all use them in the match.
0	I used to work in the hunting and fishing department at a sporting goods store, and more often than not, I worked behind the counter selling guns. I can't tell you how many times some one would walk up to me behind the gun counter, see me wearing a uniform and nametag with the store name on them both, and ask me if I worked there.
0	Yeah this is pretty much spot-on. This is anecdotal evidence, but I'll bring it up anyway:   In college I was in great shape and weighed 170 pounds with a lot of muscle. I had no problem finding girls, and had a couple of girlfriends that were hot.   Two years out from college I had put on nearly 30 pounds, and I couldn't find a cute girl to save my life. My personality/confidence hadn't changed at all... in fact I was pretty oblivious to the fact I had gained weight due to the fact I didn't have a scale or even a full-length mirror. But I was ABSOLUTELY doing way poorer in the dating arena.   After figuring out what a slob I've become, I've been in the process of losing the weight and I've lost 20 pounds. Suddenly, girls are interested in me again.
0	STORYTIME, so 3 years ago was my first time smoking weed with a crazy buddy of mine and it was an awful experience, I hated it and didn't do it for a few months. Time passed and I asked my dad for something for school, he tells me to look in his drawer and I smell dank. So naturally I went back to investigate found the chronic, lighter, pipe and the best GB cap I've ever seen. Do I figured if the white man in my house can do it why not me? So I did it about 5 more times alone that year and then I had my first GB at a buddy's house the beginning of my junior year and my cannabis experience ha changed. That year I went from doing it every weekend to every day without my parents noticing. Then that February I was finally caught when I left stuff in my pocket when my mom washed clothes. I go home after school, have a talk with my dad and he was a complete asshole about it and threatened to "ruin me" if I told my mom because she didn't know through their 25 years of marriage. He eventually fessed up later that night and I still smoke daily and they don't know .
0	At my college, freshmen are usually the last to choose their classes(first semester). That led to most of the popular/requested classes to be full. If students came in with credits already, they would be sectioned off by credits to choose second semester classes.
0	That's always been such an interesting thought in my mind. People talk like the other guy would have done everything right. There is no way to tell if he wouldn't have done the same or even been worse. Maybe just maybe the whole damn system is fucked up and needs a rework not one specific person regardless of rank.
1	You know that 90% of people playing lol is beyond platinum right?   And the biggest problem with most of those players is   gaming knowledge and understanding of how game is going to pbe played at certain point  ?   So I'm sure that this timers will help them overall.   And I'm all for it because:     I prefer people to be more mechanical skilled, rather than well theoritized.   People will be playing around objectives not kills. And it will help a lot of players to study this game and climb higher.   I want to see how people in lower elo will play if they knoe that there is dragon in 40s.   This will add more game action because most of you will think "Its dragon time. What should we do now?" and you will made a desigion.     I have a plenty bronze to gold players in my friendlist and I watch theyr games and give them advises after the match. So I hope those timers will help them a lot.
1	Well, first points of no return can be caused by both conventional and unconventional builds - so we can get that out of the way. Second, there is no such thing as "true -best way-" in this game. Sure, there are things that are proven to work very well, but thinking there is "best ways" in an ever-changing game is the best method not to evolve.   Innovating while playing support is not bad in itself, not buying wards is bad regardless of your role (I buy wards as ADC when I back and I'm gold 1) plus the example we've been referring to is a Sona that buys wards but has unorthodox Summoner Spells & item build, I don't know why you mentionned warding in your reply.   Again, -anything- can work as long as you have a plan. That's why people still lose with "conventionnal" team comps, because the biggest element of the game and the most influencial one is  the player .   ex: Sure AP Nidalee is great at poking and nuking people down, she's actually one of the best at it - but if you,  the player , cannot manage to land spears well your conventionnal way to play is not a success because your plan is not working.
1	I have been maining Soraka for about a year now, so I have been playing her well before sustain became the new thing to do. Soraka was my first love and all that good stuff. Having said that, I am willing to admit that the amount of sustain she could provide can be a little overwhelming and perhaps could use some tweaking. However, increasing the cooldown to 20 seconds and halving the AP ratio seems a lot much.   Even now, with a little burst damage and a well-timed ignite a Soraka becomes quite useless. I think many people forget how easily she can be shut down.   Increasing the range on Starcall a little and bumping the AP ratio on it a bit is nice, but not nearly enough to compensate for the amount of heal taken away. If Soraka is in range for a Starcall, she is already dead. The range would have to be so ridiculous for Starcall to be a useful spell that to make it that would just be OP.  And bumping the AP ratio on it doesn't really help anything because there will be no reason to build Soraka with any AP at all now due to the ratio nerf on her heals.   Honestly, I'd rather Riot just unactivate Soraka until she can get a completely new re-work rather than go through with these changes. >.<
0	This is actually a very complex question, and at least outside the US this is very hotly debated, with fanatics and hate speech on either side of the argument.  What it boils down to is this: Should your wages reflect     The necessary income to be a productive member of society (i.e. raise and educate children, afford a domicile, afford healthcare, pay into some pension fund)     The gross economic value of your work, i.e. the minimum amount I have to pay as an employer so at least one person with the required skills is still ready to accept the job for the pay.       Option 1 would have obvious benefits for society as a whole- no more lower classes, everybody gets education, everybody can realise their dream of an "adequate" life (a very German dream, as compared to the American aspiration of becoming billionaire superhero NBA and rock star). On the other hand, which entrepreneur wants to invest if you have to demand 20 dollars for a burger because there's an artificially high minimum wage? Would the job then not simply vanish to some place where burger flipping is cheaper (you laugh, but consider a manufacturing job)?  Option 2 will assure that investors money stays in your country, and everybody will get the best (world-competitive) investment possibility at all times, since all businesses are free to drive wages (and therefore prices) down to the global minimum (to the point where even Bangladeshi children will sneer at the paycheck). However, while wealth is shifting and new equilibria are being established, people in countries with a very high return on investment (those that have high-profit industries such as design and sale of consumer electronics, complex industrial products and machines, and a mature service industry) will find that as a burger flipper, you can barely afford two paracetamol a day against your crippling, untreated back pain, your trailer is 50 miles from your place of work, and your children deal drugs by age 5.  Obviously pointed examples, but the question remains valid- what do we want as a society? "Fair" wages for everyone, essentially punishing entrepreneur for investing in their own country, or a free-for-all that, at least in short term, benefits solely investors/ high-margin industry, and the people in the 3rd world whose living standard would actually rise with a 3-dollar-per-hour job.
1	looking at the posts from people who regularly judge tribunal cases, i have little hope for this community.   yes, rage is killing the fun for many players. yes, flaming is killing the fun for many players. and most certainly, insulting people is killing the fun for the insulted. however, from my personal experience, people get mad when you give them hints on how to improve their performance. when i say hints i mean things like "careful top lane, lee sin might gank lvl 2" or "please ward top lane" or "mid please go back, you're too low to stay in lane". these kind of hints tend to be followed by "an ally has been slain".   generally speaking, there seems to be a huge difference in skill between those who judge and those who report. those who judge can't seem to understand the problems that come with people not following the most basic principles of (ranked) play and how frustrating it is to play a few games in the evening just to see your progress being stopped by teammates who not only lack knowledge of fundamentals but also yell at you for pointing out their flaws. so while you may have slipped quite explicit language in your hints (i.e. ward the f*ck up), you actually tried to help. still, you are getting reported and punished for verbal abuse? i don't think this is how it's supposed to work.   so no, the system does not work as intended. since you cannot report people for lack of knowledge (unskilled does not count imho), there is no way for you to influence their ranked future. there's no way to overcome frustration that may come up when faced with this kind of teammates.   let me give you a very simple example from a few weeks ago. during a ranked game, i ganked top lane for first blood. our top laner then went on to feed 3 to 4 kills to the enemy top lane and jungle. i told him to ward to prevent him from more ganks in the future and he told me to go 1 on 1 with him. in the end we lost the game. i added him after to explain what his mistakes were (when i say explain, i really mean explain, calmly, patiently but, alas, without positive effect). he challenged me to 1v1 him after. i won 3 times in a row. he kept on flaming. these kind of things happen. they happen frequently and they are as frustrating as getting flamed at for failing.   but please, people of the league, be more sensitive when it comes to punishing summoners. there's rage in the game because there are emotions involved. spending 2-3 hours in the evening after a long day of school/work/university just wanting to have some fun and losing a couple of games in a row due to - at least partly due to - the incapacity of teammates is a terrible experience.   while i understand that ragekids and flamers need to be kept from destroying the fun for many, the system calls for in-depth-analysis of each case.   some redditor said that he punished people whenever they blamed their teammates or whenever he read explicit language directed against a fellow player.  while punishment for this is possible under the summoners' code, this community needs to be more reflective when it comes to fast and harsh decisions.
0	Sure, I can give a story :P   I just recently got hired as a cashier at a local high end grocery store. I work the over night shift (11pm to 7:30am) and after only two days of training in the past two weeks, today was my second day of being on my own. Everything was fine, I work well when it's night because there's less people and my anxiety is kept relatively low, until 7am. Unknown to me, there was one of those huge sales. Like  moms with binders full of coupons  sales, and I was totally over whelmed. I had a line of 6 moms with carts full at 6:50am, waiting for the sale to start. Apparently due to bad scheduling, there was no back up cashier until 7:20. Putting on my best customer service smile, I apologized to the line, telling them it was only my second day and I would appreciate their patience. That's when my scanner, the only way to ring up the binders of coupons, started not working. When the coupons weren't scanning, the coupons were either scanning wrong so they didn't double/triple whatever or they wanted to cancel a coupon and an item and use it for later etc which I wasn't taught. Luckily all the customers were moms and took a lot of pity on me and I'll tell you now that I've never had customers as kind as these at any of my jobs. The morning front end manager was able to help me a little between his own line at customer service, but those 6 customers took me literally an hour. After leaving my register at 8 am, tears were running down my cheeks because my anxiety was so high. When I clocked out, I looked at the schedule and realized I was scheduled to work tonight as well. Apparently when I was told about scheduling, they failed to mention they schedule from  Tuesday to Wednesday  not Sunday to Saturday like a normal freaking business. I went home, got 3 hours of sleep and called in when the Customer Service Manager got in. I told her that I just couldn't work tonight. I said that I felt that it was unreasonable to put me on a register by myself, on only my second day of training, when a sale (that I had no clue about until 10 min before it started) was beginning. I told her that I left the store in tears, and that I felt like I had been rushed through training leaving me completely unprepared for today. I expressed that I felt taken advantage of because I'm new and one of few willing to work nights. After telling her all this, she sighed and said I was right, and she was sorry that this happened. She said that the computer is the one that makes the schedule, and I almost had the balls to tell her that is a bad process... but I'm still to beta and I was already shaking and almost crying from speaking my mind. For me to say something is huge for me (especially to an employer because I've had serious bullying experiences at my previous job that I'd never talked to superiors about).
1	I usually take starcall around level 8 or 9, sometimes earlier if my team is going for more early team fights, and just focus on leveling heal and silence evenly (and ult of course whenever possible)   When I poke I just focus on silencing and auto attacking once or twice and move away. Most of the time they don't even react to hit me back and since I'm next to the bush I just walk right in so they lose vision :)   Unless you're laning with an ap caster or a carry with magic damage spells I really see no point in getting starcall early. It might help if you have an ap jungler, but ganks usually don't last that long so it's up to you to decide.
1	If a player dc, I don't kill him, but if he come back on lane lv1 and i'm let's say lv6 I will hunt him and kill him, no need to continue a game like that, waiting to be ganked and killed is useless, doing nothing is useless.   -Diamond
1	The title should be changed to be honest. This is yet another example of Reddit leading new players into bad habits. There is never one thing that you should always do. Everything needs to be decided game by game.   This whole post is the same as saying for your money you do more damage starting with doran's blade than boots. While this is true it is often the case that you will need the health pots and the bonus move speed to even survive in lane.
1	Melee Champion" is too general a term. Lots of characters are melee but have differing roles. It's critical to understand the role your character brings to the fight   Yi, Tryndamere, Shaco, and Nocturne are all basically glass cannons that exist to murder the enemy DPS. Yi and Trynd, especially, are late game characters and should play cautiously until they finish their first core end-game item, such as InfEdge or Black Cleaver. When you play these guys, do not huddle in the middle of the rest of your team waiting for the teamfight to break out. You want to hit the enemy team from an unexpected angle a few seconds after the teamfight has begun and characters have blown CC's or Summoners. Then you get in, insta-murder one of their squishier characters, get out, and come back in again to mop up the leftovers.   Characters like Mundo, Sion, Renekton, Jarvan and Irelia can afford to play a more bare-knuckle brawl approach, as they all possess strong initiation and inherent survivability. Often times you WANT to draw the attention of the enemy team by simply blowing your cooldowns and charging in right behind your tank. Pick a dangerous character on the enemy team and get in their face. Stick to them like contact cement. Make the enemy team expend resources on you trying to get you out of their midst. Force the enemy carries to run or readjust or drop out of the fight. If you make the enemy Ashe turn and burn out of the fight, gratz, this is almost as good as killing her.
1	When those champs were strong they were oppressive though, the only ones having fun were those who were playing them not the ones that had to play against them. Getting through massive heals to kill speaks is not fun, going from 90-0 with Urgot eqqq is not fun, having your entire jungle and lanes killed by Shaco is really not fun at all.
0	I consider myself a funny guy, I can make people laugh.  I can joke about a lot of things.  But if I was homeless, and lucky enough to get to stay with my girlfriend from the kindness of her parents... I wouldn't joke about that one fucking bit!
1	Caitlyn has a good late game, agreed. All ADCs shine in late however. Compared with other ADCs she's still good yet not "very good" in late.   MATH  The headshot deals +50% of your AD every 8th attack. That's ~6% per attack on average. We talk about late - let's make it a full build with BT,IE,PD,LW. You got IE,PD so you got 55% crit chance for 250% damage. So w/o headshot you deal 100% + (0,55*150)% = 182.5% of your AD per attack on average. With headshot it's 188.5%. Thus the total damage per attack is increased by (6/1.825)% ~ 3.3%.   That's your late game damage increase with headshot: 3.3%.  Of course you could optimize it by readying it before engaging / using brush. At best it would be 6.6% (if used from brush only).   Now let's see about the more common AS steroids so many champs have. Your late game build sports +70% AS anyway (boots + PD) while level 18 grants another 68% for Cait. That's 0.625*(1+0.7+0.68)~1.5 attacks per second. To increase the AS (and thus the total damage) by 3.3% you'd need (1.5/100)*3.3~0.05 increase in attacks per second. That equals an AS buff of 0.05/0.625=0.08 = 8%.   So basically you get the same damage increase with an 8% AS steroid.  Any usual AS steroid has more than 8% on level 1 even. Count headshot twice and it's still nowhere near the other ADCs steroids. It's mostly good on lane (pre crit build) and deteriorates from there.   Her Q & R on the other hand suffer a lot from long cast animations  - that's a huge drawback for ability usage especially in late game. Your DPS with AAs will be WAY higher in late than your abilities' DPS due to those animations. The ult is really good for it's  range  but you won't use it in a fight for the damage. If you do you'll be forced to use it pre fight to not waste time. That's not exactly spectacular however compared to other ADC ults in late game.
0	I've had a cyst rupture, and my appendix rupture (8 hr wait before surgery, then it ruptured, I collapsed, they rushed to open me up and had to carefully search for pockets of leaked puss -  I was 11 and it's a miracle I didn't get lockjaw).   My period is a very close 2nd to the cyst, normally. Sometimes feels like the appendix, aching down to my knees, up my back. I used to become anemic, diarrhea, nausea, claustrophobic, feels like a fever. So, so tired. Now I take iron and quietly shake and rock myself to sleep. If I can sleep. Can't go on BC because it messes with my system.  Sigh.  I was so proud to get my period when I had my first one. I was a woman! Yayyyy!!
1	So with all if the heal nerfs, that summoner spell is about as effective at dealing with assassins as barrier, which was commonly used in season three by adc's. Exhaust does need a slight nerf, but we are still seeing assassins like Leblanc and fizz (and in high elo's, talon), plus pre-nerfs kha'zix thrive in this supposed anti-assassin meta. Of all of these, the only assassin on the road to nerf town is Leblanc, and her nerfs seemed to be part of an effort to remove anti-retaliation techniques (like silence) from assassins, which makes a lot of sense. After all, it's not really fun to just sit there watching as the enemy 100-0's you, knowing you can't do anything about it.   So why nerf assassins with all of these changes? Well timing is everything here. When ahri, zed, and (I think) fizz were nerfed, exhaust and heal weren't in their current form, and the fact that these champs would constantly wail on the support every chance they got wasn't the only reason they were op. Now I think zed could definitely get some of the nerfs that caused him to feel really clunky reverted, but ahri was still seeing play before the exhaust and heal buffs, and the only reason she didn't see more play back then was for similar reasons to talon in that Leblanc is straight up a stronger pick than her in most ways. I could even see a bit of a return of ahri after some sort of Leblanc nerfs go through.  Overall the state of assassins isn't dire, but not exactly optimal either.
0	You should spend your time thinking about what to do while the plane crashes. Your roles won't do much good if your lumberjack braced himself improperly and now has five cracked ribs, and your fisherman's seat crumpled on impact and amputated his right arm. Or are you just sort of imagining your plane gliding to a serene stop on the water?
1	Just because she is slightly more mobile than those adcs doesn´t mean she is better. Also, twitch is a bad comparison since you can sometimes get out of sticky situations with his stealth.   Kogmaw is indeed less mobile but his range is so much longer and he does so much more dmg than mf with his w and has an ult that is really good poke/siege. Varus has longer range than mf and has a snare that can potentially hit an entire team and he has like poke that is 300x better than mfs poke. Jinx has a lot of range with her rockets plus some aoe and with her minigun she has a enormous attack speed steroid which means she outdamages mf. Twitch´s ult just out classes mfs ult by unmeasurable proportions it can crit and twitch can move while ulting unlike mf.
0	OP, you're  an idiot  naive.   > According to Costco's Proxy statement filed for 2011, Sinegal earned $350,000 in base pay, with additional funds coming from bonuses, stock/option awards and other compensations, totaling $2,191,159. This amount does not reflect grants of plan-based awards, outstanding equity awards, or changes to other potential Costco-related holdings.
0	I had this problem right after I had my fuel pump replaced. Apparently the little gasket slipped off where it was supposed to be (some time after trying to put the spout back in?-I'm not a car person, their jibble went over my head) and into my gas tank. I found this out the hard way when I went to pump gas and spewed it all over the parking lot as I was pumping. Then proceeded to leave little spills on all of the turns heading back home. Because the gasket was slipped the pressure wasn't reading correctly, and therefore was showing I had almost no gas. Also, it was right around the 8 gallon mark while pumping on an almost empty tank.
1	EYE CATCHER   Hey reddit. I'm LagsAlot.  I'm a high diamond level midlane main on EUW.   I  upload things made by myself like  Montages ,  Commentaries ,  little Guides  and some plays by myself. Example : **[Reverse Twisted Fate Outplay](   Come and visit my stuff if you are interested in the things I am doing. I try to upload as many videos per week and I don't have a real schedule but I try to upload atleast 3 videos a week.   Click [ here ]( to see my  1st Midlane Montage  including Nidalee, Yasou and Zed plays and [ here ]( to see my  Nidalee only Montage . [ Here ]( you can see my  Youtube channel  at all.   I wish you a wonderful rest of your life.   Have a nice day.
1	You are allowed to be associated with porn sites but not have their name, which is why they would do teamYP.   I dont think personal politics should weigh in here at all either. I dont like complexity as an organization, but love the team (or at least last splits). While the opposite is true for TSM, I like the brand, but not a huge fan of anyone but Dyrus on the actual team. Point being the brand and the team are usually pretty separate entities. SSW won but im not about to go buy a samsung phone becasue of it, i dont relate samsung really with their team.   As part of the young male population here, I acknowledge the potential negatives of porn and also think that comment is kinda sexist, considering many girls watch/read porn. I'm pretty sure my girlfriend does more than me, though we often watch together.   Final point being YouPorn and PornHub have shown that they are pretty cool companies, and I think many would much rather be associated with those companies than say, wal-mart, or BP, despite the industry. I respect both companies greatly even though I donlt use their sites (shout out to  PornMD ).   Sorry for the wall of text.
0	Wait a darn minute. Costco was around in 1994?
1	Maybe you can teach your friends the hidden joys of playing more supporting roles? My friends play a great variety of champions, including tanks, junglers, and supports. They taught me how to play a carry first, but as we played more games, I simply felt compelled to try and fill these other roles as well. I am now a decent Singed tank and fulfill that duty with joy whenever needed. I find it quite satisfying being able to run into an entire team and simply troll the crap out of their team while my carries rake in the kills. I find satisfaction in these roles. My teammates also understand and appreciate the role a tank plays, and that really helps me feel the tank love.   I just picked up Janna and look forward to learning her. I am also grinding IP for a jungling rune page. I have Lee Sin, who I believe can jungle decently, and I hope to pick up Trundle sometime.
1	I started this season in Bronze 4 and am Now plat 4. And what I can tell you is that I've learned a lot from this experience of the climb. Let me share with you. There's 2 different ways to climb the ranked ladder. People do it by either going for objectives and just winning, or being mechanically skilled outplaying people and carrying. People have different play styles to win and find different ways to win. I play v.s diamond 5-2's quite a lot and can find not many differences between us other then the fact that they go for objectives more. The game is more about objectives and less about single mechanical skill now than it has ever been. Meaning it's pretty easy to climb the ladder with zero mechanics at all.
1	Lets go to the top with this gentleman.   See, OP, dont take it the wrong way but i really believe you are not honest with us, and probably with yourself.   If you play like you describe you should be able to go up NO PROBLEM. Because Elo is not about Luck, its about RNG. You are playing with 9 people, 4 are with you and 5 are against you. On the long run, games SHOULD balance, sometimes you will get a troll, sometimes you will get a decent AP mid that will carry your team. The only factor that will, (again, on the long run) balance your Elo, is YOUR impact on your team.   Do you take leadership if you think you can help your team make better decision ? Do you keep a cool head and give advices ? Are you polite ? Are you the kind of people to raise the team's morale, or just say "GG" when FB happens ? Many people will trash these questions ("who cares about advices, only thing important is to get CS and kills and not die) but when people grasp this concept of "Team effort", suddenly Elo rises in no time.
0	Never said she shouldn't. People were downvoting because a spouse in this specific but fictional scenario we're discussing probably wouldn't leave her husband over this. Let me break the conversation down for you:     /u/N8theGr8 brings up the possible scenario where the victims actually stick up for the abuser. This is unfortunately common in these situations for a multitude of reasons.     /u/palindrome_is_not accidentally infers that the abusers wife would leave the abuser even though we were discussing the scenario in which it wouldn't make sense that she would do that because she is actually choosing to take the side of the abuser. /u/palindrome_is_not later edits his comment, explaining that he actually meant that the boyfriend would leave the girlfriend but used the word "divorce" because he forgot the meme said GF.
1	I think an in-game player analysis would be quite cool.  Picking one dominating player out of a matchup and analyse why he dominated that game, and what went wrong fro the losing team and so on. Just my thought on it, I don't really know, if this is what you guys are looking for.
0	Yes. A lot of the time, the answer itself doesn't really matter (at least not in school), but the method you used to get there. Teachers want you to use a certain method to make sure you understand how that method works. Sure, it may be easier to do it another way, but if that easier way is all you know, there'll come a time when you won't be able to solve a problem using that easier method. It'll only be possible to solve it using a different method. And yes, that method may be longer and/or more complicated, but it'll get you the answer much more reliably.   Keeping with the math motif of this thread, an example would be multiplication vs. addition. If you only ever learned multiplication, that'd help you solve plenty of problems, but there would come a time when it'd be easier or even only possible to answer with addition. Like say you could just memorize that 2 x 3 = 6, but if you forget it anywhere along the road, you're screwed. If you also know addition, you could know that 2 x 3 = 2 + 2 + 2 = 6. Sure, doing 2 + 2 + 2 would take longer, but it'll get you the answer all the same, and much more reliably, since it's not solely reliant on you memorizing it.
1	mobas are relatively unique in that the cumulative advantages are combined in a team game. one by-product of this is that, when you are personally losing, even though you become less able to control the game (and thus start having less fun), at the same time you cannot concede (as you would in chess etc) because there are other people on your team.   control of the game is not everything of course, as being rewarded for your decisions is also part of what makes this genre fun.  shit's about balance. and so the question shouldn't be, should you be able to throw the game, but to what degree should you be able to throw the game. opinions on that will differ (clearly, you're not in favour of the current balance), but i think a lot of riot's success over icefrog and s2 is because they realised that most people prefer the game to be less punishing.
1	I don't think there's much you can do to convince them.  Once someone gets it in their head that it's the jungler's fault that they are losing/lost their lane, they will inevitably blame the entire outcome of their lane/game on you, regardless of what reason (good or bad) you have for not ganking their lane.  I've had plenty of games where a lane keeps the enemy pushed to their tower the entire laning phase, even when I ask them to let the enemy push so I can gank them, and then flames me for not ganking when they die.  I've had people towerdive their laner, die, and still blame me.  Best thing to do is simply ignore them.  Even if you state your reason for not ganking, they'll simply create a flimsy counterargument or outright reject your reason.  Usually when I try to explain why I didn't gank it gets them even more upset somehow.
0	I have worked in a clinic that performed abortions in a really pro choice area and went with a friend to the local Planned parenthood for one. An ultrasound is an important part of the process. The woman's safety and the legality of the procedure depend on an accurate gestational age. Because of this, both places had across the board ultrasound dating requirements for anyone undergoing the procedure. This is not uncommon. Yes, the procedure sounds vulgar, but safety comes first. Transvaginal ultrasounds got a really bad rep due to this and it is not the procedure that is the bad guy(how do you think they are getting the fetus out? Through the vagina with a similarly shaped device.) It is the forcing women to look at the images or have it described to them that bothers me.
1	Nailed it.   I keep hearing dominate talk and call every play when I swear to god at the beginning of the season Peter and Mark call piglet out and tell him they  WANT HIM TO MAKE THE CALLS AND FOR IWD TO TAKE A STEP BACK AND SACRIFICE HIS GOLD A BIT   However, they won the  very next game after doing this. Peter and Mark commend Piglet for making the calls...   Then it completely stops. IWD creates a big fking shit storm of Drama around his team. Throws four games... chases off friendships that could be made by toxic game play and taking it to real life. (watch all their interactions in all the episodes and other videos - clearly IWD is mocking him and making fun of him in MANY situations ; check the 3rd video @ 4:30s where IWD claps Piglet on the back after a lost game and calls him a confident "World Champion" with the most smug smirk face that I've ever seen.   I'm so tired of the  IWDrama  .   You don't hear from Piglet at all really about what he thinks about how Dominate is doing.   You don't  hear Fenix's standpoint of what he thinks about his teams failures.   You don't hear Quas standpoint either. My point is... I'm betting they don't care so much about the  Drama  and just want to win and get better in the LCS. It's aways just  IWDRAMA  and Piglet. Matter of fact. Now the coaches are even doing it.   I used to be a Curse mega fan. I'm so sick of their team and coaching staff I'll never root for them again.   Way to alienate players an create so much drama your fans hate you for it.
0	Seen so many situations, many of them due to poor choices. If people would spent more honest time in each others company talking to each other, before committing themselves as a couple, there would be less single parents in this world.   If you're in a relationship and you aren't sure if it will stand the test of time, raise serious future looking questions regarding marriage and children.  Don't clobber the other person over the head with your demands for answers, but raise the question with the intention of hearing their side regarding topics that couples don't normally talk about (until it's too late). If you can actually discuss it rationally for minutes to hours on end, you may be in luck. If you cannot hold a conversation regarding a serious topic that involves two people (not a one sided conversation about what you two will do) then you have a problem.   Note, I kept my post gender free.   You need to know you can work with a person before committing to a life responsible for lives. It saddens me anytime I think of children who are brought into the world, doomed to lack basic pieces of life, such a mother or father; but it frustrates and angers me when I realize they lack these basics due to a persons selfishness.
1	As a guy who makes content myself I will do my best to review this:   It was a pretty good montage, (self taught pride amirite) decent clips HOWEVER only decent. Montages are really hard to pump out regularly and I know this second hand because I am subscribed to a few Call of Duty people on YouTube (mainly the guy who somehow got a video to the front page of THIS subreddit). Montages should be made whenever possible, save them as a side project and never rush them, when you have time work on them with the clips that you have gathered and when you get another, don't forget to add it in.   Now on to editing, the editing was solid but I am not sure if it is just me, or it is really popular, but I personally like it when the music is nice and synced up with the video (do you know what I mean?). In future try use some replay system (like LoLReplay or BaronReplays) to capture more cinematic shots (shots like PeacePigeon does or DatJellyFish). But other than that, very well done sir.   The title was rather distressing, not the YouTube video but reddit post. I clicked on it because I like watching the content that people push out in the league community, not because there was "I worked Hard On Please Watch!" in the title. In fact, that is rather off putting. Never ask for others to watch your video. This is what happens with community feedback. AS THE GREAT SP4ZIE HAS ONCE SAID IN HIS VIDEO "If you start out as a YouTuber, you will work for free for a long time, and then that work eventually starts paying off as you get bigger and bigger". Don't be discouraged by negative feedback, it is still feedback. My biggest hit on reddit which made it to the front page of reddit (I think it stopped going up around 16th?) was called "Lee Sin gets read like a third grade text book". That title had intrigue and lols (I hope) which drew it to the 3000 upvotes it got.   All in all it was a very well done montage. It could be improved here and there but I believe you can go far sir. Put in slightly more effort and never rush your videos and you will be golden. I have subscribed and look forward to further content. If you wish to also see my content (I think I have done a few edits ~kinda~) you can find my channel, called Harkuas.
0	I think that is one of the reasons why your early career always has one of these people. They pay crap so they only get screwups and young folks. They also terrorize their employees so people leave as soon as they can.   There is a logic though ( a fucked up kind of logic) that by paying less and getting less experience, they can undercut on bids. Also, they think they are doing the employee a favor by using drill sergeant techniques to toughen them up so they are unphased to customer abuse.   These tactics though mean you have a less valuable product and the next guy that is that employee's boss will have to repair this poor sap, as they will react in the new workplace like an abused dog.
0	there was a dark acts of science case where they had a group of puppies in 3 control cases, one group no matter what they did got punished, one no matter what they did got praise, and one got fuck all random treatment.   the results of the 3 cases were that the constantly beaten ones were very scared and mostly scavanged. they didnt trust anything and ate leftover scraps, lived but not thrived.   the praised group got eaten almost on day 1 by a hungry bear as dogs came up expecting praise, they died.   the group that got fuck all random learned to trust each other but not too much, formed groups and hunted in packs, lived and thrived.
0	My boyfriends really good friend was like this all the time. She would talk to me non-stop about he ex, money issues, family issues, ect. But then it got worse when she would constantly say how much better she was than me and everyone else and I eventually stopped talking to her, only to recieve contstant messages of her trying to bully me into submission. She actually told my boyfriend that I was doing to her what she was doing to me.
0	I've had 2 calc teachers that you couldn't understand for the life of you (Calc 2 and Calc 3). Both of them were obviously VERY smart, one Indian dude and one Russian. They had that air about them of superiority and impatience for stupid questions, or questions at all. Guess what, I don't need somebody to spend the entire class period throwing the occasions on the board that are in the book, I need someone to spend a few minutes explaining the concept behind the equations, breaking them down in a way I can understand. In the end it was patrickJMT on youtube and Salman Khan from Khan Academy that taught me everything I know about those classes.   Calc 1 though, had this down to earth 30ish dude who uttered very few large words and said things like Guys, this looks complicated, but all you're doing is (explains it in straight forward terms referencing stuff we've already learned to do)." Spent very little time writing down the equations in the book and more time going through actual problems and explaining the significance behind the math and the common sense to make it stick. Yes there were proofs and yes there were complicated parts and this guy obviously couldn't build a rocket, but he could teach you calculus in a way that felt like a casual conversation and you'd understand it.
0	Well scientific studies have shown that herpies can result in an increase in ambient body temperature....   Sounds like a new way to scope out whether or not your new date is a burner.   "Hey you look great tonight. Mind if I take your temperature real quick? Just need to make sure."
0	This only happens when I get canker sores.  They get red and swollen, and then next thing I know I'm hobbled over crying because I just bit a fucking canker sore.  I've also been arrested because one of my friends slapped me and didn't know I had a canker sore, then in an angry pain filled rage I broke his nose and eye socket.  I felt bad, and I know it was a bad decision, but it can be one of the worst pains you can feel.  Worse than a kick in the balls ^^^(almost) .
0	I went travelling with my close gay friend to Thailand and Cambodia. We made a deal about going to a gay bar one day straight bar next. Easily one of the more fruitful trips I ever had. I realize the stigma attached to the countries we travelled to, so I feel it is important to make it clear that none of us paid for our entertainment.   He was very protective of me if I got hit on at the gay bars and when people find out I was just there to support my friend, I didn't really have to pay for drinks all night either.
0	Alright you seem really confused so I'm going to make this as simple as possible. I saw the meme, thought about the angry sex that OP was missing out on, and came here to comment about it. Then when I looked at the comments, jack_in_the_mox had already said it. So i complimented him on his comment. Plain and simple.
0	I slept with a lot of girls between high school and college. Most of them being pretty hot. I have disappointed two girls in bed. The first one was a senior in high school when I was a junior and she was one of the hottest girls in the senior class but had slept around a fair bit. I started seeing her anyways because she was that hot and had sex with her one night at the house she was babysitting at after she put the kids to bed. We had sex on this couch that was a sectional that wasn't totally connected so the couch kept coming apart while I was thrusting. It was annoying as fuck and I eventually just came in her and I could tell that she was disappointed. I never fucked her again and it still haunts me to this day.   The second one was at a house party during the spring of my senior year of high school. I was pretty drunk and on a few different drugs and ended up on a couch with one of the hottest girls I'd ever seen. She started telling me how she wanted this for soo long, ever since we first met freshman year. I was pretty stoked. Sure enough, I couldn't get it hard. First time it had ever happened to me after years of sexual exploits and daily wanking. It was fucking awful. People knew we still slept on the couch together and someone heard her moaning from me going down on her so everyone assumed we had sex and I was met the following monday at school with much congratulations. I felt like such a fraud but  I couldn't bring myself to tell all my teammates and friends that I didn't get it in.   I guess I feel better having gotten it off my chest.
0	If your 16 year old daughter gets knocked up, it's pretty much on the girls parents to salvage the situation. It is their household that will have to change  to receive a newborn baby. The girls parents are the ones who will be awake all night with a crying sick infant, it is the girls parents who will absorb most of the financial burden of the baby. How is the girl going to stay in school and then go to collage? The girl is 16 and already has a kid, that means she is 16 and already has baggage. Alot of guys (including me) won't date Women with kids (wayyyy too much trouble). Now, if a 16 year old boy gets a girl pregnant, he has to get a job and maybe spend a few weekends dealing with the kid.
0	Haha no, I don't live in Virginia, and from what I know from my friends who live in the area, they aren't friendly. And, to boot, they don't like the military (SO MANY military in that area).   Just a personal opinion, but lack of education and less stringent hiring standards are a big problem with some LE departments around the country. For example, I have a graduate education, military experience, and I'm a female, and I had a difficult time getting hired in my state (in New England). If I moved back to Florida, which is where i'm originally from, you don't even need a college degree (you many need some credits, but that varies). It was the "good old boys" that patrolled, and from what I remember, there were SO MANY MORE cops in Florida then there are in New England.
0	I'm NOT saying dump these kids into a barren basement for the school day. I'm also NOT saying that they should not be educated, nor am I saying that they should be isolated.   What I am saying is that I actually agree with OP - that funding for the bright kids should be more than the funding for children who need more support... with the caveat ... depending on the circumstance.
1	I waited a really long time before starting my ranked "adventures".   I felt so anxious about joining the ranked queue, so I waited right until the end of season 2, when they announced the rewards for getting gold.   I then proceeded to play play 13 games to get into gold, and after that I stopped right away.   Did the exact same thing this season, waited until the very end, just to play for the rewards.
1	I live in Belgium, speak French and have had my fair share of French culture, but I don't think it's a difference in culture that makes us (non-French people) think he's arrogant, unless you can prove every single French person agrees with you. While I can admit that I'd say the French do tend to be more blunt in the things they say, sOAZ is being arrogant in the fact that he's saying that he is the best at adapting to the meta. Whether or not that may be true, that is the epitome of arrogance, publicly stating that "I am the best", especially at the moment when he isn't backing that up with evidence, as Fnatic are doing quite poorly. While you personally don't see that as arrogant, it can AT LEAST be perceived as cocky. SOAZ doesn't appear to be humble in any way whatsoever, and his constant bitching after he loses or is proved wrong is getting on the community's nerves.   EDIT: Also, Tweets like this "woah woah woah, first person that is not flaming me. great success !" just make sOAZ come across as a massive child, I doubt you can disagree with me on that one ;)
0	I wish I could upvote this more!   When I was overweight, anything said about fat people was suddenly a blow against me. Now that I am in shape and feel hot, I look back and am almost disgusted by what I was.   Back when I was fat, I constantly made excuses as to why I wasn't healthy. I wanted everyone else to change and society's views to change so that I was the hot one that everyone wanted. I still cannot believe how incredibly selfish I used to be. Instead of seeing the faults within myself, everyone else was at fault. The gall of me refusing to even accept a miniscule amount of responsibility for the state I was in, is just extradoronary to me.   As I got nearer to college, I realized that when I got to college, I did not want to be the fat girl in the dorm hall who got chuckled at, I did not want to be the girl who cried and was afraid to talk to people, and most of all,  I did not want to be the girl who could not accept blame and improve upon her faults. With those realizations, I started working hard and trying yo improve myself.   I am now 120lbs, 55lbs down. I am happy with myself and honestly, just a better person. I stopped slacking off in school and telling myself the reason I did not do well is because the teacher doesn't like me. I stopped being jealous of other people and started loving me.  I love every day and everyday I find a reason to be happy. I honestly do not think I would be as happy if I did not lose the weight.
0	Reminds me of a less funny, but funny nonetheless, story of mine.   I was once at my local Five Guys burger joint with my friend, order the usual medium fries and wait for them to call me over to get our food. And so I wait. The nice register guy calls me over, hands me the fries, and tells me "Enjoy your fries." Being the slightly socially awkward kid that I am, I freeze up and respond with "Yeah, you too!" Then I walk back to our table in embarrassment.
1	Hon uses this option and it does't get abused.  If someone gets disconnected, you have the ability to leave without having the game count.     I think it would completely work in ranked as well.  No sense in putting it in normal, the games don't count there and leaving a game simply gives you a lose.
0	I used to watch Hulu all the damn time. I could have blocked the ads, but I didn't, because I approved of the (at the time) free service they were providing and wanted a free option that was decent in quality and 100% legal.   That all changed when they cranked up the volume on their fucking ads. I would be playing a game while a show was running on my tv, and the second it cut to a commercial I felt like someone had a bullhorn in my ear and was screaming at the top of their lungs. By the time I got out of the game and adjusted the volume, the commercial was nearly over.   I blocked the fuck out of their ads and before long, stopped watching their shit altogether.
0	Me and my best friend do this to eachother so many times, its quite funny too cause we can tell when eachother are doing it. Also, i did this to a little kid once and she just looked at me with the most puzzled look cause she asked me a question haha.
0	I can relate. I had a spare car a few years ago (got stranded in Cornwall and had to buy a car, quick). And at the local bar, this woman had recently started working, after breaking up with husband #3 and having to move back to England from Spain.  She apparently really wanted a car because she lived a bit out of town, and all  the decent jobs would need her to be able to drive to them.  My own mother was a single parent in a similar position when I was six, and I remember her having similar problems finding work, so I decide I'll give her this old Citroen diesel thing I paid £450 (about $700 US) for, now that my main car had got its gearbox repaired. She's about 50 years old and apparently been left with nothing after husband #3 did a runner.  She takes the car, but somehow, months later still seems to be moaning about the bus always being late. So what happened to the car? She sold it. For £500, and never said a word to me about it.  I politely suggested that if she wanted to whine about public transport, she could either find somebody who hadn't given her a free car to whine at, or she could just STFU. She told me the brake fluid was bad in the car, and it was dangerous so she had to sell it - which is odd because it worked fine for me, and her mechanic buddy didn't spot anything wrong with it when she came to pick it up, and £10 will buy enough brake fluid to completely flush it out and change it.
1	Played against it, then played it myself, then watched my diamond 1 buddy play it, then played against it again:     against: dude was challenger (broken teambuilder queue), dominated botlane and did a good job escaping most of my jungler ganks with warding and skillshots     myself: did really well in lane, my adc got ahead quite far without really stomping. enemy xerath mid was stomping, though, and i ended up being quite useless mid- to lategame     diamond 1 buddy: won botlane easily and by a huge margin, left the game with 19 kills and carried the game superhard from support...     2nd time against: teambuilder game, xerath was around my level of play. was lucky i picked braum. could negate most of the annoying poke + managed to bully him back since he´s squishy and hates braum Q. xerath was full useless mid/lategame
0	I think you  might  just be taking my comment about Captain Canada and Captain America, partners in justice (and love) way too seriously. Not far off with the American superpowers though. Captain America throws shields, not burgers, but he's definitely a gun guy because army. Are you seriously going to tell me about being close minded? Really? Tell me more about how close minded I am. Go on. Inform me of the treachery of me not only acknowledging the clearly revolting stereotypical Canadian, but making it even more over the top in the spirit of simple humor. How dare a man play off of cultural identities, right? Next thing you'll tell me is I can't make jokes about France and their nude beaches, England having very good senses of humor, or Norway and their viking heritage. All incredibly offensive right?
0	What cookie says.   It makes me super sad though. I didn't lose my virginity until 20 days before I turned 19 (Note so I don't seem like OAG here - I only remember that because that date is also my first ex's birthday).   But, even with "good" education for sex ed there is still tons of misinformation because it doesn't want to upset parents by teaching kids how to be safe. What I remember from my high school is that anal has no chance of pregnancy, oral can't pass STDs, that only fully straight and fully gay are your sexualities, polyamorous/open relationships don't exist, only condoms and the pill will prevent pregnancy, ad infinitum bullshit.   My school at least mentioned to take the birth control pill every day, and someone I went to high school with called me sobbing one day because her period was one (1!) day late and she's like "You wanna be a midwife, you're from a family of nurses, you must know!" So I grill her for a bit and turns out she hasn't taken her pill in about four months... Aye. :(
1	The passive doesn't have to be used in a teamfight. It excels in 1v1's. In such a case, you can towerdive, shred the enemy, die, come back and still shred him with AA's.   Also, better to utilize it like the Anivia passive. It saved you, now run. I understand that everyone wants him to crush his enemies while never faltering like in his lore, but ingame it's different. Pick your battles. If the health you got from your passive is enough to keep helping, have your support peel then wait for the cooldowns before striking. If it's not enough an they're focusing you, good, they're spending time, mana, and abilities focusing the offtank. You've succesfully peeled them from your team and served your purpose.   Aatrox is terrifying in the right hands, because a good player can manage his bloodwell like a good Morde player manages his shield. He'll know when to engage and when to just poke. He'll know when to 1v1 and when to back off. He'll stack the passive on scuttler while rotating and will pop his abilities at the right time to get the surprise passive off.   Also, nothing's more annoying than an Aatrox with guardian angel and a good Zilean on his team. He'll just never die and can stay in the fight forever, drawing attention and dealing damage.
0	I lived in a haunted house for 4 years when I was a kid. The ghost liked to either stare at my sister and I whenever we were in bed trying to fall asleep and when it didn't do that or if I tried to ignore it,  the ghost would do a blood curdling scream in my ear to wake me up.   According to my sister, the ghost also had the ability to imitate members of the family too. One time, when I was away from camp for a week, the ghost went into the room my sister and I shared one night and apparently disguised itself as me. My sister said it stood in the doorway staring at her for a good minute and she tried to talk to it (thinking it was me) before she remembered that I wasn't supposed to be back for several days. When she realized that, the ghost disappeared.  Those are the three things that really stood out.  It wasn't until after we moved out that I found out from a neighbor that the previous people who lived there were always arguing. One day, the wife shot her husband during a heated argument. Can't really remember if the husband actually died or not, but it would explain the voices my sister and I would hear from time to time.   I don't know if there is an afterlife or not and Im not religious, but something in that house was definitely up.
1	It looks like you are talking about mid lane. Aim for 70 cs for now. You can probably get 70 just by getting wraiths every now and then. Think about running tele. You can back more often without punishment. You can roam etc. It allows for more pressure. Depending on your lane opponent you can choose if the cs is worth the harrass. Also, directly after said harras, that ability is on CD take your cs and harras back. That's the most important part. Don't let them get free DMG. They may hit for more but if you at least get n auto attack back that's 40 DMG that wasn't there. Now, think of an auto as a CD. At .5 attk SPD that's a 2 sec CD. At 1 that's a 1 sec CD right? When they cs the auto is CD and you can harras them. Cs'ing takes precedent over harassing(unless you at least quarter their HP) if you are above 75% mana, then use abilities to cs. If you have full definitely use abilities.  You sometimes see players like Tiensi(he's high diamond) use shunpo even to cs. Its b/c he has wards/flash. Obviously if the enemy laner has kill potential don't use your escape for cs. But if you feel confident do so. If you see the jg top, do so. Honestly, when I was playing Zed I used my W for harras. It was my escape but sometimes jg doesn't even look at he lane b/c they assume, oh they have an escape. Jg tip: you can gank anyone, even Fizz if they use their escape and you are within 5 seconds. I'm actually a super safe mid laner. I basically never use my escapes until a jungler ganks or they all-in me. May also be due to my mains are lux etc. Last hitting under turret: Rule of Thumb: Melee creeps take two shots and an auto Ranged take one and two autos   If you have a friend willing to help. Take the Caitlyn challenge.   Mid lane. Enemy plays Cait. 3 traps across the lane. If you die, if you step in a trap, you lose. Go for best cs!  Caits job is to harras you to death.
1	Here is the big secret to carrying in low elo:   It's impossible.   What this means is, unless you are genuinely a gold tier player or better who definitely does not belong in low elo, there is no possible way you can "carry" a game yourself. You cannot take enough towers, kill enough enemies to win any game on your own.   So stop trying to be the one man army as this attitude will probably prevent you from improving. This is a team game, so play it as such.   Communicate well, don't flame them if they get you killed in a gank, improve team morale as much as possible whilst still doing your basic job.   Seriously in soloqueue, if you focus on not dying and being nice to your teammates, you will naturally climb to the skill level you belong at, since your teammates are less likely to troll/rage and be a negative influence on your score.
1	From what I heard when the Riot employee was on State of the League it sounded like every country could follow their own rules. This is because of the difference in scale in different countries, some might have dozens of great teams others only a couple of decent ones,  as well as whether or not the WCG finals were held online or at a LAN.   Going beyond what happened in the US the answer is no, despite what they have said about doing it this was to keep it similar to what was done in Canada there is nothing that indicates that anything like a second finals match will be happening in other countries.   As for what happened in Canada I understand it as they WOULD have played a second set of games had the team from the losers bracket won the first set of games in the final so I assume the winners bracket team simply won the first set of games and therefore won the match without the need for the second set of games. I did however not see the canadian finals so I dont know if this was actually the case.
1	I love Malzahar toplane.   Build: Starting with Fairie Charm and pots/ward. Usually I rush Spirit of the spectral Wraith to get manareg, some AP and spellvamp. After that I go for sorc boots and the Lindarys/Rylai's combo.   At LvL 1 take Q and spam it in the base to get my passive up. After that max e to farm.   My playstyle is defensive, just farming with e and q, use your pet and e to harass. Spellvamp will help to get hp back, e will sustain mana. Just e one minion and keep on autoattacking. After a wave is pushed go back to prevent ganks. You can take golems or wolves with ease (Spirit item).   Masteries: 21/0/9 or 21/9/0 vs champs with gapclosers.   After lvl 6 you can duel pretty well with the ult and a voidling, with the help of your jungler it's an easy kill. Else just farm up for lategame.
1	Fnatic was top 2 in IPL 5   and you're gonna tell me that  UoL was the #2 team in world after IEM san jose?   But you're right FNC at that time was definitely top 10 so perhaps m5 was not the last "top level" team.   >"even when they underperformed"   How does this make your case better?  "under performing" as an excuse where your job is to.... perform?   I dont think they were top 10 in season 4, as every OGN team probably would have beaten them in a best of 5 as well as many chinese teams.
0	This is what I always think when I see the posts saying "bring it on" and such. Yeah, it's easy for us ordinary folk to say that, we are confident we will win. But it will be at a cost. People will die if war breaks out whether its an inevitable victory or not. Dont get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with being proud of and confident in your own country. But it does seem some are almost willing war to break out so they can sit and watch NK burn. But at what cost?
1	As a support main, I carry my ADC duo queue partner every game because he has zero map awareness so I am his eyes. I make the calls to engage or back, I set up all the kills in the laning phase. All my ADC has to do is auto attack and output damage. A good support controls the laning phase and forces the other team to send resources to stop you and your ADC from snowballing. If you get 4 man ganked, you're doing your job. If you cause a 4 man gank and manage to escape or kill them off, you'll win the game.
1	This is a bit of an aside, nonetheless, I will post it to get my thoughts out...   IMO the progression of the game and outcome is more a reflection of the player and fellow allies skill/experience and attitudes, more so than the team comp 80% of the time.   Sure you will have that AD Soraka or AP Yi, but as long as they fulfill the role they sought out to play, and do it in a proper manner, it would not really bother me. The game is about having fun, and if they have fun in the process of playing a certain champion in an unorthodox, proper, style - let it be.   Often times, if I say that I am going to play a certain champion an 'unusual' way, more of the problem lies with my teammates having a negative attitude right off the bat (and consequentially possibly losing the game - especially when we could have won, or won the game by a greater margin).   Overall, if someone says they're going to play a champion out of the mainstream ways - let them do it, and only get mad at them if they go astray from the summoner's code (feed, rage, grief, etc.); something you should do with each individual regardless of who or what they are playing as.
1	I think one of the better examples of power curve/ transitioning of early game play/plan transitioning to an entirely different plan/play would be renekton. IMO he has probably top 3 best kits in terms of damage output and playmaking which starts from level 3 and then slowly fades roughly at the level 11 mark.   Think about it; he has nearly as much damage output (possibly more than) a riven at level three (because renekton is much easier to push the damage with because his combo is straight forward doesn't require a timing pattern nor is it multiple skills chained together like riven.) so early game you just either bully them out and get an advantage or you flat out kill them and grab one damage item early (assuming you're winning and not against someone who out scales super hard) then you transition from being one of if not the best lane bully into a wave clearing tank.   Renektons biggest weakness in my opinion is that he indeed falls of damage scales super hard late game relying more on being that "body blocking" in the middle of a team fight getting sun fire and his aoe off while using his W to cc an important target (if you're on the team that's ahead/initiating. Or he can become a strong body block/ source of peel/ armor shred to improve your ad's damage output through his empowered E.   I personally don't care much about power curve; it's more about my comfort in the match up (I.e. I'll play nasus into riven if my team seems competent and I have a jungler I know can snowball a bottom lane or mid because nasus top against riven pulls jungle help like no tomorrow because they want to stop the farm and it's actually difficult for riven to kills nasus in the early levels as long as he's intelligent enough to not overextend for a single minion stack. But if I'm not entirely sure what my teams capable of I'll play the crocodile just to be able to snowball myself to have a better impact on the outcome of the game.) best example of this was my renekton vs maokai top; I knew my support (duo) in bot lane isn't a super aggressive player; so I knew my chances of teleporting down to help in fights wasn't thag great (because I know this guy will disengage an run like a boss) so I snagged ignite in soloQ.) anyway hecarim jungle comes top because I've already gotten maos flash and have him at 40% hp no pots when I hit level 4, we go for a quick dive that works and I snag first blood; back up to finish pushing this last wave And their panth jungle jumps me with double buff; hecarim is on the ball as he recalls in the brush; I land a solid stun; hecarim does his weird knock back pushin panth to me; e-q-e ignite for an easy double. Build early Tiamat into merc treads (double ap comp) and proceed to take the tower and snowball myself up to 11/2 by the 19 minute mark. Other games I want to brainlessly sit top lane for 20 minutes farming Q stacks until I can suddenly to into bot/drag and basically 2 shot their adc.   All in all I think power curve is more reliant on 3 things; your team composition (which I won't discuss other than to say it helps to not go all super late scaling champs because you have no early game pressure but going all early/mid is okay as long as you all know to push and end quickly.); 2 I think it's all about match up; because you don't necessarily want to pick a late game super scaler into someone who can snowball off their early game damage and continue to build 75% damage and wreck (riven/panth are two top examples): 3rd power curve can let you cover your mistakes easier. A renekton will let you make a positioning mistake and you can escape or possibly even get the turn around trade just because of his strength in the early stages; so a good "solid" curve will let you make a minor mistake that won't cost you; whereas if you make a position mistake on say nasus it will allow your opponent to push further ahead (making their damage higher and pushing your power curve into a long ramp up period)
0	You don't feel a little cheated? We never get recognized for anything outstanding. People are joking around saying comedians and hockey. Those aren't monumental things. I would have liked to see Canada portrayed in the correct light in that film! At the very least, it would have been nice if Ben didn't make up the part about coming up with the whole idea; yea, the guy (don't remember main characters name) was a hero and carried through with the plan and kicked ass...did he have to steal the idea glory from us too??
1	actually 100 armor essentially extends your survival to the damage type by another full hp bar's worth. Hence if he went from 5 bars (the base hp, and 4 extra bars worth from 400 armor) to 1.9 (the hp and .9 from armor).   he ended up at abit less than 40% of his "expected" effective health.
1	especially when you watch really drawn out dragons that take 1-2 minutes sometimes, where both teams are about equally strong, and both have 5 people, its kinda crazy when people spend minutes there and then you end up losing more like 2k gold across all lanes (if we assume 1 wave per 30 seconds and 2 minutes it basically ends up being 4 waves AKA 600g each wave so 1800 gold) not including the potential towers you could be pushing, jungle farm, or buffs you can steal if all 5 are at dragon.   Also, dragon doesn't snowball anything really. Baron is a snowball buff, you get the gold, but the buff is insanely valuable and it sets you up for a snowball win / loss. You can be 10k behind and get baron and people will be like "oh wow, they arn't out of this, they got baron." But getting drag if you are behind doesn't do anything. Even if the gold count is even, the distribution of gold from drag is even. Support, jungle, and potentially top lane having 190 more gold, won't do much, but gold counts being "even" doesn't matter if one teams AD / AP carry have 1.5k more than their enemy counterparts.
1	They have to win all their games for a chance for 6th.   Not only that but pray that roccat, sk and cw don't win much too.   Gotta think that there's still SK x Roccat and Roccat x CW to be played.
0	Copy paste from another response;   This is a complicated issue, and, in a way, I see where some of these guys are coming from. They feel like "The woman has this choice that I don't have, and it's not fair". However, this idea that MRAs and other dudes have put forth is wholly unrealistic, and oversimplifies a situation that has a lot of complicated feelings around it.   For one, what about women who are morally opposed to abortion? So you've helped to create a fetus that, to this woman, is a human life. Now you want an abortion, and the woman hears "Kill it or else". It also leaves aside the fact that while many women intellectually agree with abortion, they can still be incredibly emotionally conflicted when it happens to them and they have to make that choice. I've known several women who have had abortions, and some of them went ahead and got one with no issues, but a couple were absolutely devastated leading up to and after it. Luckily I've never (knock on wood) been in that position, but I honestly don't know how I would feel if I was. I dislike the treatment by these people that "Oh abortion is easy, so just get one". It's definitely not that simple for everyone (though it can be for some).   A lot of people (not all, but you brought it up) who advocate for this solution conflate abortion rights and rights to not pay child support. They are completely and absolutely separate issues. Abortion rights are about bodily autonomy, end of. You do not right to decide what goes in and out of her vagina, for many many reasons. You can make an argument against so-called "financial slavery", but they are in no way related. I've even heard it said by MRAs that they should be able to force women into getting abortions, or that as long as men are expected to pay child support, then they won't support abortion rights. Abortion is a choice between a woman and her uterus, not two parents and a child. Child support is an issue regarding a child and his/her rights. Abortion is an issue regarding a woman, and her rights. You can argue that you shouldn't have to pay child support, but "woman can get an abortion!" is not related to your argument.   It's often proposed that women who can't abort but have an unwilling partner should just give it up for adoption. I think that for many women it's almost impossible to give away a baby that you have spent the last nine months gestating, that has literally been a part of you, and then you went through an extremely draining and painful physical process to bring into the world. It's a huge reason that mothers who have elected for adoption back out at the last minute. Most people are programmed to procreate, and pregnancy and hormones often work to indelibly bond the mother to the child she carried.   Another huge problem is logistics. What are the rules surrounding this new policy change? How much notice does the woman have to give? How large is her window? Some women don't even know they are pregnant until three or four months in. My friend didn't even know until she was almost five months, as she had no symptoms and gained maybe five pounds, which gave her a window of about two weeks to make a decision and obtain an abortion. What about cases where the dad disappears? What about cases where the dad isn't sure? What about cases where the dad says he wants it and then leaves later? What about states/places where it's extremely difficult to get an abortion? What about the idea that it's kind of coercive to tell a pregnant woman "Do what I want or you're on your own"? What if the dad opts out but later wants to see or have a relationship with the child? Does the woman get to deny him or ask him for 5/10/18 years of back support? And who pays for that kid if the dad won't? Do we think that society at large will be OK partially supporting a ton of kids whose sperm donors get to have nothing to do with it? What kind of new court system will have to be created to deal with these cases? Who will pay for that? What about the fact that many men (and women) already completely abandon their financial responsibilities to their kids and many face no issues because of it?   What about the fact that by allowing men to "opt out", we are essentially absolving them from any and all responsibility for creating children? Women are the ones to get pregnant, so they can't escape some repercussions if conception happens. The man can now just walk away. This places even  more  burden on the woman. She is solely responsible for all things surrounding birth control and reproduction, because the man has no reason to be. Condom broke, slipped off, or maybe he just "forgot" to put on one? No big. Felt too good, and the guy didn't want to pull out like he said? It's cool for him, it's all on her. And birth control will still fail, but now only one party has to deal with it.   And what about the kid? None of this is their fault, and once they're born, they have rights too. As a society we've decided that the best way to ensure (as best we can) a good outcome for the kid is to have both parents contribute to their care. Regardless of support, a lot of these kids are still going to be born. What about what they need?   I think there are a lot of assumptions made with this idea: that women have easy choices, that they Pare the only responsible party. Fact is, if you get a woman pregnant, you are at least as responsible as her. Put on a condom, get a vasectomy, pull out, agitate for more BC options for men, make sure your partner is using her BC, etc. Sometimes your method fails, and that sucks, but that doesn't mean you get to walk away scot free. The woman is now the bearer of whatever comes next, pregnancy or abortion, and that's her choice because of biology.
0	As someone in food service, I agree 110%. As much as it is our job to provide good service, there is a point where there needs to be mutual respect going on. We provide good service because you respect us, and you respect us because we provide good service. Tips are NOT an obligation. Tips are a reward. A reward that I believe most servers deserve. I usually don't tip much during slow hours because I know for a fact that the workload during that time of day is low. I tip around 15% then. But during weekend night hours when the restaurants are packed, you can be damn sure I don't go a cent below 20% even if the service was regulation. 95% of the servers where I work deserve the tips they make because they genuinely try to give the best service. And while I can't deny that there are some people who abuse the "tips are obligated" stigma, the majority are hard working individuals that make more money based on the service they provide.
0	Confession bears at
0	There are a number of problems which occur with chrome build up for decorative purposes.   Decorative chrome like that which is used in bathrooms, cannot be thickly plated enough, or else it loses it's lustre. Hard chrome plating does exist, but generally it is used for motor shaft build up in wear areas, or similarly used for gun barrel build-up (again in areas of wear). This is why the nickel layer is absolutely paramount to the long-term performance of the corrosion protective qualities of the plating. The thicker and smoother the nickel layer, the better the chrome will bind, and...the longer the corrosion protective qualities will last on the overall price.   I would also like to mention, that even before something is plated, the polishing of the substrate is very important. Many made in China or Walmart brand products give a very rough finish, which to the average consumer, looks shiny, but to the trained eye, no care was taken to polish the surface. Most cheaper products I've seen look as if they've been rough belt sanded, which is frankly, brutal, a waste of metal. You want at least a grit of 400 on the surface of a part if you are not going to pre copper plate, and even with copper you need at least 220 grit.   Chrome has a very very thin oxide layer which forms very quickly, allowing it's lustre to remain. If for example you were to plate an excessive amount of chrome or at too high of a current density, you will find that there appears a whitish and cloudy lustre in the areas of highest density. Likewise, too low of a current will result in "blow marks" which is a discoloured area of the plating surface, usually in areas of low current density, and you will almost always see these low current density points on the underside of a plating piece, it sort of looks purple/blue.   I sort of sidetracked there a bit (sorry I get all excited when my field is in discussion :) )...   But the other thing I want to mention, is that chromium, being such a hard metal, will always be full of microcracks which allow moisture to enter, and the thicker the chromium, the larger the cracks, because the plating is always stressed. Just a symptom of the metal, but damn it's got that nice blue hue to it that people just love, so we forgive this vital flaw ;)   But yes,
1	This is a terrible idea for a few reasons:     It puts more strain on people's computers. I've been in games where there's that one person with a wooden computer that takes seven minutes to load. By adding a chat system in the loading screen there will be even more strain on their computer.     Chatting in a loading screen will be incredibly laggy. Have you notice any other game that has a chat system in their loading screen? It's not in DOTA, Smite, Heroes, COD, WoW; pretty much every game because it would be choppy. There will be an input delay when you press a key on the keyboard and the letters showing up on  screen because the computer is straining hard to load the game and trying to figure out what the user typing.     Some people will miss what players say because they are still loading the game. Let's say at the beginning of the load someone typed out: "Hey Katarina go top!" Well Katarina is using one of those wooden computers and Katarina wasn't even in the loading screen when he typed that out.     This is a useless feature. Go get skype or ventrilo, or mumble. There's better things for Riot to design.     Some people go afk during the loading screen and afk's will miss what people typed out.     This is a huge waste of resources. If Riot puts this feature in then they will have to bugfix it and keep it  updated. And for what? Just a few extra minutes to type? That's what champion select is for and the two minutes people get at the beginning of the game. Riot is already having trouble maintaining their game. This will just be another thing for them to look after.     This is hardly a "game-changing" feature as you described. Let's take a step back and look at this feature objectively. All it does is give players a few minutes to type things out. In an average game most players wouldn't have the coordination and planning to invade or coordinate strategies. Also what strategies are you coordinating at the beginning of the game? I'm only asking this because most of the time the strategy at the beginning of the game is... going to your lane. I mean you can invade, but that takes a second to plan out by typing out in champion select, "Wanna invade?" "Okay!". What strategy at the beginning needs 10 more minutes for you to plan out?
1	What I've come to notice is that Regi seemingly never accepts that maybe it was his fault but blames it on others like a typical Rageinald. Oh. It was your fault that you didn't ult me that one time as Shen. You should have known. That CLG game. Oh Wildturtle kept getting caught when he dove as a karthus during the nocturne ult. He never admits he's wrong.   As well as he overly thinks he's super important, "Oh. I'm the one who contributes the most to this game. I'm the only one who wants to win this game. My team. They are so hard to work with. I'm playing with a bunch of idiots." It's paraphrasing but he has way too much of an ego. And everyone just can't argue against him because he has control over the team and most likely know that they won't win against him or that it'll contribute anything. Not because he's right but because he's so stubborn.   He's also arguing for the sake of winning instead of just arguing to improve.   Xpecial:  Silent   Reginald: "Are you arguing with me?"
1	Since everyone is throwing their 2 cents in. My guess is that he knew he wouldn't be able to kill her even with the ignite given how much health she had, how close she was to tower, and how little damage his Q could do. Since he maxed E the only way he was going to kill her was taking an extended fight where he could use E on her multiple times while slowly poking her down. He probably could have ignited her towards the end as well but I think he probably got caught up in the outplay he was doing and was focused on using his abilities over using a summoner.
0	As a professional mechanic, don't do that.   Batteries being charged, or batteries being discharged with high current loads generate HYDROGEN GAS. They also get hot. It's not uncommon for batteries in bad condition (usually necessitating a jump in the first place) TO BOIL THE BATTERY ACID WHILE BEING JUMPED. This also releases large quantities of very flammable hydrogen gas. The boiling battery acid can also rupture the cell walls of the battery, spraying.. boiling acid everywhere. Igniting hydrogen gas from the battery can have a similar scenario occur.   Now, as far as striking jumper cables together. DON'T. Don't fucking do it. Depending on what vehicle you drive, varying things can happen. If you drive an old 80's-90's truck, it shouldn't be too much of a problem, worse that will happen is you'll kill the output diodes on the alt (new alternator- fixed). On newer vehicles with ECU controlled voltage regulators, modules up the ass, etc.. not a good idea.   In electronics, when you try actuating a relay from a microcontroller, you have to put a diode between the legs of the coil on the relay. When you turn on the relay, nothing bad happens. When you turn power off, the coil acts like an inductor (fighting change) and you get a backwards flowing high voltage spike that fries things.   Guess what else is an inductor? If you said the windings and rotor of your alternator, several feet of twisted wire jumper cables, and the miles of wire inside your vehicle, you'd be right. By shorting the jumper cables together, all the current the battery is making, along with all the power the alt can put out (in that amount of rise-time, and alternator rpm (most alts don't put out full power to 1,800 engine rpm)) into the cables. Then you break the short circuit, that is when sparks fly. Not only are you shutting power off to your vehicle quickly and repeatedly by short circuiting the battery and charging system, you're back feeding emf.   Usually the battery is used to filter stray high voltage spikes, from everything including the alternator, high-current drain devices like large electric fans, air conditioning motors, sunroof motors, on-board air compressors for luxury cars/trucks, etc. The battery is actually quite a good snubber, acting somewhere in between a capacitor and an inductive load, filtering spikes from the alternator caused when various items turn on and off, as well as plain filtering 'dirty' dc from alternators.   I just realized I wrote a novel.
0	I had an ancestor who was executed because she was a Quaker I have another ancestor killed because he was a French Protestant.  I have ancestors who were chased out of England for being puritans.  I have ancestors who died in the civil war fighting for the north.  I have ancestors who were chased out to Virginia because they were catholic.  I have Irish ancestors who were kidnapped and forced to come to America as "indentured servants" I have Scottish ancestors who were discriminated against because they were scots.  I have Norwegian ancestors who were treated like second class citizens and made fun of.  A rich guy ripped off my dad pretty badly knowing my dad wouldn't be able to pay an attorney to sue him.   I could go on and on. We all have discrimination or persecution somewhere in our history based off of race or gender or religion or economic status.   You think blacks in America had it bad? Look at the history of the Jewish people or native South Americans when the Spanish came or American Indians who lived on the Atlantic coast or A thousand other stories from around the world.
1	Just hit silver V yesterday. My main suggestion, use people with global influence. TF mid is amazing because he isn't banned in low elo, and has some of the strongest global appearance in the game. As far as tops go, panth is a good pick, for the same reason, global domination. As far as junglers go, I swear at lower elo fiddles is broken because people don't know how to deal with you . I am sitting on an ~80 w/l ratio with like 20 games played. Another jungler good for low elo is eve, people sometimes don't ward in this elo, but even less will buy pinks for an evelynn. I don't mid much so I don't take her mid, but jungling her is fun because people don't expect you as much. Jumping divisions also requires a good mindset, do not fight with your team ever. The ignore button is the most OP thing in the game USE IT.
0	I looked up the chemical in your username. It sounds like the best thing ever. I would be interested in hearing more (in
0	I live in a small town and almost nothing is done about legitimate crimes in the area. Even so, the local police set up speed traps everywhere, make arbitrary stops at a moment's notice, and write catalogs of minor tickets to be paid by an unsuspecting class of otherwise law-abiding citizens. Our roads are dangerously deteriorating and major crimes, but our men in blue always have the newest, professionally-tuned squad cars for "proactive law enforcement."   Rant time: A close acquaintance of mine used to live across the street from a deputy. She told me that she heard screaming outside her house one night and saw a woman running over to the deputy's house for help (I forget if it was robbery or sexual assault, but she was in dire need of assistance nevertheless). However, as she was crying for help and banging on the man's door, he refused to answer and gestured through the window for her to leave. Nothing was done about the crime following the event. Furthermore, one of the same houses on the block was--is--known to be a drop house, but the police force has done nothing to interfere. I personally have witnessed the lethargic sense of justice. Earlier this year, my car was robbed in one of the area's many rough neighborhoods. There were multiple witnesses who saw the event and could identify the person and even gave his name to the officer filing the report. No results or punishment then or since.
1	While good is a word that is entirely subjective, it's still dishonest to suggest that a Gold IV player is objectively good at the game. Sure, you are better than X percent but if X percent is so fucking horribly bad that you just want to kill yourself when ur watching the games or you laugh uncontrollably hard then I dont know if being a bit better than some shitters is something to be proud of.   There are people who consider the entire western soloq bad (if you remove the pro players). I'm one of them. I'm also d1 and dont consider myself good, I know im top percentage but I dont care that Im better than really really really bad players. I'm just slightly less bad.
0	My brother actually asked if I would just do his art homework (I was 8 and he was 7).  I was really talented back then and drew him the most kick-ass eagle ever.  I took the time to draw each individual feather and really pimped out my talent.  Well my brother is a complete dumbass and forgot to put his name on it (aka the ONLY work he had to do) and when he turned it in some other kid claimed it was his art.  The school ended up sending that little basturd to art school.
1	Her ult actually does require some skill to use. I remember a couple weeks back there was a thread for people asking mains of champions for tips on how to play certain champions and a lot of people asked how to play Kayle and I gave a lot of good tips in that thread. Her ult is not just press R on someone, you have to first determine who is fed on your team, who is most likely to be focused, etc. In team fights, depending on the positioning of your team, you may have to ult a different person each team fight depending on who is where. Also, a lot of people think a good Kayle ult is when you ult someone who is low and about to die - but that's not good. A good Kayle ult is when you ult someone BEFORE they take a lot of burst damage that way they can get out of the fight with all of/most of their health remaining rather than end a team fight with no health and have to back. Also, she most definitely does not have single target burst anymore, she used to be able to two shot people but now she takes 5-6 shots even for squishies. Besides, she has LESS range than Vayne.
1	Without AP her heal is nothing and her spears deal no damage   Attack speed steroid during trades doesn't do jack either, I presume? And spears chunk even up till lane ends unless they buy MR- in which case you've won the itemization.   >her traps aren't as good as caitlyn's in bot because they do (very little) damage instead of being CC   Yup, 10 (?) seconds of vision and a great AR/MR shred is just bad.   >she has a totally useless ultimate and she is useless in teamfights even when she's the AP mid   Yeah, lemme tell you a COMPLETE EXTRA SET OF SPELLS is so useless, especially when you cast the whole rotation and switch back while you're other spells are on CD. And if you're trying to have teamfights as Nidalee, you're doing it wrong. You get picks and splitpush with a Nidalee.   Also, lemme throw a few numbers at you. Sona's heal vs Nidalee's heal.   Sona- 40 / 60 / 80 / 100 / 120 on a 7 second CD, with 6/7/8/9/10 bonus AR/MR   Nidalee- 50 / 85 / 120 / 155 / 190 on a 10 second CD, with 20 / 30 / 40 / 50 / 60% AS   Higher base heal at every rank, higher AP scaling on it, and once you hit rank 3 of the heal, the actual heal per second balances out with each other, and the swings into Nidalee's favor. And while 6 AR/MR might trump 20% AS, 8 AR/MR doesn't trump 40% AS.   >A mediocre AS steroid isn't enough to be a good support.   Which, I feel obligated to mention, even her 20% AS is more than you get from a Zeal. Also 15% more than Nunu's Blood Boil at max rank- I realize the MS and the 100% uptiime on Blood Boil makes it a lot better, but the AS is comparable. and Nid's only has 3 seconds downtime if you have 0 CDR.
0	The study indicated that gluten may be causing a FODMAPS issue.  There are several FODMAPS foods.  The study concluded that doctors who give a Non-celiac Gluten Sensitivity diagnosis when the genetic markers for Celiacs but all the symptoms are present are stopping too soon.
1	Lmao you're probably a CLG fanboy to make up things like this. LMQ got dumpstered harder than any other NA team so far, did you see their game against SSB? The only reason why you rate them highly is because they faced weaker competition (sk is better than fnc and shrc better than OMG).   TSM is the best team from the west, C9 come 2nd then it's probably Alliance as 3rd, 4th is a toss-up between SK/LMQ.
0	I can imagine that being the case. I feel like a lot of why my ex was unhappy in the end was simply because of something a lot like that. I've been hearing from my friends since we broke up and they really do think I treated her way better than she deserved and she treated me way worse than I deserved. Yet, it was her, not me, that was unhappy and refused to work it out. Whenever I found something I didn't like, I tried to talk about it. Which rarely did anything other than have her throw my old mistakes back into my face as if they were still applicable.   I have this tendency to totally forgive and entirely forget bad things and flaws that people have. I just ignored most of her issues cause there was so much more to her than that and I thought I knew her better. She was the opposite. She tended to ignore people's merits and the good things they did for her because they did something wrong once. She now looks at me like I'm some horrible person because I think that's all she remembers about me. She's been surprised by my kindness several times, even though she lived with it for years and just forgot. I actually reread through an old journal of mine and realized just how often she used to treat me like total shit. I don't even remember most of it.   I have years of stories of sacrificing to make her life better and to advance her schooling and career at the detriment of my own. I had always assumed when she got out of school and into a career that she would help me focus on my schooling so I could eventually get into a career. When it came time for her to sacrifice a little for me, the relationship ended. One of the reasons she gave when she ended it: We're on different life paths now; You're still in school and I'm in my career*.   *She would likely failed school without my intervention (and writing a lot of her A papers) or, at a minimum, not gotten above a C average. Additionally, if it wasn't for nepatism she wouldn't have the career she looked down on me for not having as she wouldn't have even been considered for it otherwise. She does fantastic at her job, I'm not saying that she doesn't, but she clearly didn't qualify. I also know she was turned down from every place she applied to within her chosen field.
1	I was in D2 in eune and I mained adc. Patch come out and dropped D5.   Now I have GF and tan.
1	The only use this post has is as an outlet for your frustrations with the people who make those posts. If those people read this post, they're not going to be impacted by your opinion.   Also, discouraging people with ideas for games has a negative impact on a community, as well as game development studios as well. If there are no idea people because they're afraid of people like you, we wouldn't get any ideas.
0	Well then, you clearly know nothing. Let me break it down for you, from an engineering prospective, comparing a non worker to a subway worker trying to get a job.   Firstly, Health and Safety in the workplace. A no brainer really, you learn certain health and safety practices. Sure, theyre mostly obvious, but at least an employer know that you know them.   Next, we have communication skills. You learn how to inteprit what a customer wants, and how they want something done. If youre working for a company that manufactures, you can show that youre able to make something to a customers specification.   Continuing in the same vein, you can show that you are aware of the concepts of correct assembly ie, you dont start with the sauce, same with you dont put the wheels on a car until you have the axels in place.   And then theres keeping logs, something an engineer will do alot.   Comparing 2 people with the same education, same grades, same background etc, except that one of them worked at subway whilst they studied, who's gonna get that job?
0	Not really sure why you are being downvoted. Kinda think you nailed it. My only edit would be to the "prettier than me" thought pattern. I would say "desirable", as some of these girls aren't pretty (in the conventional sense of the word) but somewhat attractive and willing to do what it takes to "please the man" (read: make a few bucks) no matter how many inches they have to take in the bunger. My ex got mad at me, not that I watched porn, but that I watched it without her. Then, relinquishing my privacy, she became displeased in my CHOICE of pornography. She was appalled that I got off on big bootied women getting plunged in the b-hole. Even more so, I hypothesize that she was afraid that I wasn't really satisfied by her, even though she had/has a more than sufficiently round rump, and loved doggie with an occasional thumb slip. Long story long, ex was into the same shit as me, but got mad when she wasn't able to decide what I was into. Guess that should have been a
1	Runes and runepages are a terrible idea anyway. I have a  disadvantage  in my game before the game even starts. Why? Because other people  paid  or  have been playing for longer . That's retarded as shit.   Don't get me wrong here, I like the additional thought that goes into what rune setup to use. My problem is that I can't both have a decent champion pool and also have a decent amount of runepages with t3 runes without paying for a ton of RP and playing 2k games.
1	This is a great thread. My dad wouldn't play, but my girlfriend saw me having so much fun with my friends so she watched for a bit and then decided to start playing herself and learning the game.   She's not the greatest (only video games she's really played are Mario Kart and Super Mario World) but she is getting better and while her technique isn't the greatest she has picked up the strategy somewhat. Don't rush people just because they're there! Get minion kills. Don't die! She's played more than I have in the last few days.   I got a good laugh the other day when I got home, she had left the victory screen up because she was so happy about he win, she went 10 and 4 (usually around even kills and deaths or worse) and had a Teemo player telling her off and complaining about her playing an easy champ (she played Garen, and she sometimes plays Yi, too). She was so proud! (And I was proud of her!)
0	I may be downvoted for this, but I believe that people with addictions, see Drugs, Alcohol, have an out-to-get-you mentality, which can lead to them using you for food whilst they save their $ for their drug of choice.
0	Actually, regarding managerial positions, you speak a lot of truth. I always tried to focus on the positive, rewarded effort, and most importantly, led by example. I don't think any employee is going to put in their best if they see their boss slacking. I think, because I treated my employees like humans, I effectively got more work out of them than some of the ball-buster, never-deviate-from-policy managers (to clarify, I never  broke  rules, but I bent them on occasion, such as letting someone take a 20 minute break instead of 15 if they were having a bad day, and so on). Sure, some employees took advantage of that, but they'd see my managerial side and get reprimanded.
1	Gonna try and think up an item and it's cost:  120 AP  250 Health  15 MPen   AP value + Health Value + MPen Value:  2610 + 667.5 + 400 = 3777.5 rounded down to 3700 total price for cost effectiveness, subject to change   NLR and Guise costs:  1600 + 1485 = 3085   Total cost - Build Path cost 3700 - 3085 = 615 Build cost
0	I get what you're saying, but here's the deal: This isn't in AMERICAN history class.  We only took one AMERICAN history class, which was in 7th grade.  Everything else was WORLD history, STATE history (which is mired in black history and culture; several states were major slave hubs, or had major slave populations, or have huge black populations), or generally just effin HISTORY.  The only American history class didn't even bother starting until the Reconstruction and lasted up until the Cold War, because we spend about three thousand years on the Revolution and the military aspect of the Civil War and modern America.   Africans and blacks held an "inferior role" because we forced them into it.  As history was being made in ancient times in white Europe, it was also being made in Africa.  While white Europeans were building homes in the northern parts of America, black Africans were building an economy in the southern parts of America.  And don't get me started on how slavery has had a permanent cultural mark on the country.  There's plenty of stuff to talk about; everyone focuses on how the Jews got into Eastern Europe because of the Plague and the Romans colonized Britain (just
0	Actually...   >False arrest/imprisonment, both criminal and tort, typically require intent.   The intent is the intent to confine someone (this is Intentional Torts 101) not intent to confine a certain person. So this bit of info is a little bit convoluted.   As far as the qualified immunity defense, which is what you're hinting at here: A police officer is considered immune from civil liability if a reasonable officer would not have known that his actions would violate a constitutional right that was clearly established at the time of the incident.   If the police officers did not have a warrant for entry into OPs home it is exceedingly unlikely that a court would find an officer acted reasonably in this instance. Which would implicate false arrest and unconstitutional entry under the fourth amendment. A mistaken address is rarely an excuse. An address is a hard thing to fuck up procedurally.   As far as pursuing criminal charges against an LEO (which is what a Mistake of Fact defense would be appropriate for) ... That's just a laughable proposition.
0	You shouldn't have to tip to get good service. A tip is earned, not deserved. Restaurant owners should have to pay minimum wage. Why is it my job to pay your staff to work for you?
1	it's essentially a fake turn time honestly, and right click -> W is actually much harder to accomplish correctly than just clicking W, it's another action you have to preform, imagine a nidalee running directly alongside a wall then right when it got to a thin part she immediately jumps about double the length of a riven dash right through that  wall with no delay whatsoever. Nidalee's cant do this right now, it will always take a little bit of time to turn so you can jump that wall, you cant click behind it because then you'll just path around it, you may not even be able to click right onto it because you're so close to the wall already that your character wouldn't finish rotating by the time he finished pathing.
0	Because pussy is a beautiful thing/sounding word - while Hussy is a dirty harlot that deserved to be audibly slutty sounding.
0	My husband works in IT.  His dream job is to be a butcher.  Here's how we're going to make that happen:   We're spending the next two months fixing up our house, hopefully putting it on the market at the end of February.  That should earn us a nice profit of around $75k after fees and paying off the rest of our consumer debt.   My parents offered to let us stay with them in south Louisiana for a few months for this next step:  My husband is going to search for an "apprenticeship"-type job at a butcher shop.  He doesn't need to be paid much, since it's mostly for the training.  Meanwhile, my parents offered to care for our three girls(plus there's lots of other family nearby who would be happy to see them), so I can get a job and go to school for welding.   Once I have my welding certification and he has some butchery experience under his belt, we'll move back up to Virginia and stay in a hotel while he looks for a job.  After he gets his dream job as a butcher, then we'll finally start looking for a house.  We'll look at homes within 3 miles of his job, so he can walk or bike to work.  We should still have enough money saved up to put 30% or more as a down payment, leading to a much lower mortgage payment than we have now.  I plan on staying home with my girls, and using my welding skills to create metal sculptures, but I can get an industrial job if it turns out we're short on money.
1	This kinda depends on how Riot wants to define a good competitive player. As it is now a high ranking shows that not only are you good at a role but good at many roles. If they want to keep that definition then its going to be a hard to fix problem. It might be best to make communication easier by allowing the user to put some sort of information out there about how good he is at a certain role or what other roles he or she might be okay with filling on that particular game. The hard thing about the current way is that you have a minute to get all of this information in chat form and even then a lot of people just dont care and are not willing to work with you even if a solution was available had they the time. This would allow them to communicate their desires or ability much easier.
0	When my first child was born, a nurse was getting my consent for all the usual evaluations and immunizations.   When she got to the newborn  immunizations, I said, "No, we don't believe in immunizations".   I swear I could see flaming tire tracks in front of her mouth as she bit off what she was about to say.   While laughing, I then said, "Sorry, I'm kidding... Please, use modern science to protect my baby from dread diseases."   She still wasn't happy with me, and I did NOT make that joke with the next kid.
1	I played a couple of games on PBE today. It has a normal ban phase and then a 40 second pick phase for the champ. Then once the majority is called, you have 60 seconds to change your masteries, runes, and summoner spells.  Once in game, I was playing as luxs vs. rivens. One lux can proc the passive of another so that can exploited well. My nid vs blitz game didn't give me any secrets. It just made me hate nid more because that game seemed like hell for those blitzcranks.
0	Very well written piece. I completely forgot about the
1	early game: laning phase, i think the issue is wriggles vs EC (if you're behind) and i can see EC being more gold efficient, but not something that i would place in any specific build.  mid game: if you're playing an ad carry that really needs to get into the mix of things to your job (vayne especially), i think EC has always been viable (if you need cheap ugpraded lifesteal+crit). it should be used more as a situational item when you're still being denied creeps/kills, team fights are happening, and the closest target is a high-regen bruiser/tank/gap closer (irelia, mundo, akali etc). otherwise, vamp scepter by itself with your standard pd and ie should be just fine for kiting IMO. it provides that little bit of health regen needed to sustain in fights until you build it into a BT.
1	I just perfer Japan because it has a lot more cultural stuff, and cherry blossoms
1	So i don't think we can expect him to be enabled tonight correct? I'm currently waiting to play, cause i'm waiting for him to be enabled again, but it looks like he'll need quite some work.
0	What is going on? Are you having a laugh?   This conversation started by  you  stating that it could've been another person who called him a pervert. I explained to you that OP made clear that she called him out on it.   Now all of the sudden you're arguing about the format of the meme, which is extremely irrelevant. Whether it's in the second or third person, he's still referring to  her  calling him out on it.   You started it. I replied. You then changed the subject to the format of the meme. To which I replied again. And yet here you are calling  me  adamant and to relax.   I am relaxed. I am just extremely confused as to what is going on. It really seems like you're either having a laugh or just wanted to argue for the sake of arguing, hence you keep on stating irrelevant stuff.   Let me
0	Brief story time. Getting married in August, so pretty much all money leads to that, but here is the build up to even making that money. January 2nd of 2014, my office job fired me (salaried at 38k with a weekly direct deposit). Felt like I was in shambles. Here I am with a music degree, playing in a band, singing at a church on the weekends (despite not being religious at all) and teaching students on in the moments I had when I had that job. 2 months of unemployment/looking for something like the office job that I had when it hit me. I need to be a professional musician for a while. Now I make 500 a week teaching privately and out of an after school music hub (not franchised, totally independent). I pay all of my bills on time without a problem (which includes student loans, car payment, cell phone, Internet, and occasional credit card). Here is the only catch. I live rent free with my fiancée above her grandfather, but it's far from a cake walk. There is work to be done and I help him with whatever time I have/whenever he needs something from me. And we aren't deadbeats. We have a great relationship with him and he is a 92-year-old fountain of knowledge. All of this adds up to a very happy lifestyle. Life is good and your dreams outside of an office can be obtained if you just
0	Anyway, to answer your question.   There are a lot of animes in particular that reach into dark niches that would actually make pretty novels if written out.  I actually end up related quite a bit of animes to things similar to Game of Thrones. While typically more action packed, a lot tend to not be that light hearted.   As for more western cartoons(and the more light-hearted animes) people tend to watch them because they are easy and happy fun.  If you take nearly anything from Cartoon Network, there really are not deep themes are dark overtones.  To some people, this is a nice thing.  Not to mention some people still enjoy things such as slapstick humor, puns, intentional stupidity(look at Jackass and how popular that was...).   We can even relate it to some other things.  Why do some adults really enjoy Harry Potter? Written for teens, it is one of the most widely read books of our time.  There are plenty of books that might be better in literary quality, I'd say Lord of the Rings for example, that simply don't grip the entire audience.  The reason I chose Harry Potter over, say, Green Eggs and Ham is simple.  A lot of cartoons aren't exactly aimed for children of the age that they are starting to learn.   Plenty of animes, for instance, actually gear to older audiences. Older teenagers and young adults in particular with a lot of the action.  It can still be pretty compelling with plots for people that care for more than the action.
1	corki back before the removal of blind was pretty op. not only did it reveal a target area (bush, general fog of war), it also blinded them. this meant that corki had like 2 free shots on any other ad carry before the other carry could even touch him (in a 1v1) this made him a deadly duelist, and while he still has great damage output, his damage in a teamfight comes from his positioning, and he's not the easiest ad carry to position with. i still think he's high up there because he can poke relatively well due to his missiles, but other ad carries are just outshining him, caitlyn due to her ease of use and her long range, vayne and kog due to their ungodly damage outputs lategame, ezreal is dominant early game, and ashe provides much more utility, although she hasn't been seeing much use.
1	After watching you play udyr (jungle - phoenix) and here is what I wanted to say about it: 1) You are behind in lvl to your bot by 3 lvls, how is that possible (you where lvl 5 [score 0-0-0] your bot lvl 8) 2) You max R on Udyr and you make a tiger build whats up with that? 3) When you run away you dont use Bear stance or even turtle (gives u resists you know) but you run in phoenix being destroyed in seconds 4) In a teamfight you dont initiate you just wait for blitz to run in, if you want him to start a TF just tell him to hide and pull some1 to your team not run in like a Rambo 5) 25min of the game you buy heart of gold!!!! Why know!! You think this game will last for 60 mins? 6) Lantern on phoenix udyr why?!?!? you clear camps in a sec without it... why waste so much gold ... buy AS item and gank oh !! almost forgot 7) GANKS GANKS GANKS where are there? Why are you trying to gank the least gankable lane... BOT the lane that in % has the least to do if you win or lose... gank top this is important lane for you cause you have a 1v1 if your team loses that lane you will lose the game.... priority in ganks is: TOP ---> MID ---> BOT not the other way around 8) You play udyr from a guide... lol   Conclusion... Like all players unranked (under 1 250 rating) you think you are good but there is some unholy power holding you down at this low rating. But watching your game as udyr that you won (but had nothing to do with the win almost) makes me believe that your current elo is your ELO... you shouldnt be 1 200 elo player cause you dont have the knowledge and the skill to be there. You play jungle and you have in a 40 min game a 67 cs score... this is not bad it is freakin terrible...  If you want to be closer to 1k elo start larning the game and its mechanis not just going solomid.net guide and lets make this it will be awesome! cause as you should know it is not awesome....
0	I find you get the best results the more enthusiastic you are also. I always tell my guy how much I love his cock before I go down on him. I like to be a bit of a tease and kiss his whole body on my way down then run my tongue along his cock making it extremely wet. I also love looking at my guy with his cock still in my mouth to see how much he's enjoying it. I ALWAYS use my hands during a blow job. They are either on his shaft, balls, grabbing his ass or touching myself. I also have found that guys are more responsive the more you focus on the tip. I like to wiggle my tongue a bit or move it up and down the bottom of the tip while I suck, guys seem to love it but I don't know for sure if they do.
1	If you look at some of the reasons other MMO's start to decline it can pretty much be based on a few things.   1.  Lack of new Content   2.  Newer games of the same genre that are competitive.   3.  Fiscal obligations.   1.   Riot releases new champs, game modes, lore updates, etc. On a near weekly basis.  This probably won't slow down considering Riot continues to grow as a company and LoL continues to be popular.  Even if they decided to branch off and begin producing a new game they would still have a dedicated team for LoL releasing new content.   New content can also be a turn off for some MMO's.  You want to feel relevant in the game.  For example, take a break from WoW or another MMORPG and they might release a new raid or dungeon.  If you are really far behind on these games then it is often hard to keep up with content, especially if you are a more casual gamer.  As a result some people lose interest in the game realizing how much work they will have to put in to accomplish the things they want to.   In contrast if we look at LoL, you can take a large break and still come back, feel relevant, and be in roughly the same spot you were when you quit.  Sure there will be new champs that you will have to learn and your elo may decay, but the game itself is relatively the same and easy to come back to.   2.   If we look at other MOBA's that are competetive with LoL at the moment we have HoN and DotA2.  HoN would have to doing something really impressive to reach the level of popularity that LoL is currently at and honestly that probably will never happen.  DotA2 on the otherhand is fairly popular but still did not cause a major impact on LoL's popularity.  Even if a person prefers one to the other you can still play all 3 because of their F2P systems (Not sure if DotA is F2P or not).  Because DotA2 was released recently and HoN seems to be content where it is, it would take an ambitious new producer to release a MOBA with the ability to sap LoL of its popularity.  To be frank, I don't see that happening anytime soon.   3.   LoL is a free to play game that uses microtransactions to make revenue.  Therefore, they don't base their income on monthly fees to play the game.  This means that a player will never have to stop playing LoL for monetary reasons.  This also makes it a lot harder to quit the game.  WoW for example if you want to quit you can just cancel your subscription and then you are prevented from playing the game.  Even if you quit LoL, the option to play it is always there and won't require money to satisfy your craving.   You also dont have to buy expansion packs for LoL.
1	I'd be lying if I said I hadn't done this myself in games as an ADC player in which my 2/20/3 support, who spent the laning phase essentially right clicking the enemy players and then getting up from the keyboard, has the balls to complain about the other players in the game, ESPECIALLY myself.   The people who do that kind of thing and then want to leave so they can go on to another game to do the same thing make me feel like they deserve to be forced to stick it out, or eat the essentially non-existant and ineffective leave penalty, and I'll dedicate myself to doing anything which delays the end of the game in the name of that purpose, including immediately voting no in the surrender votes.   I assume the amount of people I save from shitters like that is worthy enough of my time suffering through it myself.
0	Because it wasn't. Dude, 9/11 is one of the most studied and investigated events in history, and EVERY respectable study has found that the government's only contribution was being shitty at counterterrorism. But no amount of evidence will ever be enough, because people like the idea that some shadowy conspiracy is trying to fuck them over. You could have a mountain of evidence, but one bullshit "documentary" full of factual inaccuracies will be all that matters.   But look, maybe all that evidence is the problem. Evidence is boring, scientists don't like to make definitive statements, and people can argue that it's been faked. But maybe I can convince you where the evidence has failed, because you don't even  need  the evidence. You can kill the conspiracy theory with logistics alone, just by thinking it all the way through.   Assume for the moment that you're right, and it came from the inside. Now think, really think of the  scale  of the conspiracy that would require. Fake witnesses on the ground outside the Pentagon. Fake investigators to grab the surveillance tapes, and CGI experts to doctor them. You need fire department investigators to cover up evidence at Ground Zero, because there will be evidence. It's these guys' fucking job to find evidence of arson; you think they're not going to notice signs of thermite? You need Air Force personnel to delay scrambling the jets, and other personnel to decide not to shoot down the planes. You need scientists to study the evidence and lie about it, and then you need other scientists to review their work and lie about that. You need to know exactly what al-Qaeda is planning and when, but you need your spy network to tell everyone they fucked up and didn't know about it. You need full control of the press, too, now and later during the push into Iraq. You need people to watch all these people and keep them in line. Then you need more people to watch  them.   I don't even remember the full tally of people you would need, but I read a very convincing analysis that put the number around 10,000. All these people must be willing to spend the next 13+ years with 3,000 murders and 2 wars on their conscience, without a single one coming forward. Good luck with that shit.   Yet despite such ruthlessness and cunning, they were so incompetent that they  couldn't plant weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.  Why wouldn't you just plant them? Fuck, they  couldn't even stop Loose Change from being released.  You think that guy could have investigated, found, and published the truth before this massive conspiracy noticed and killed the shit out of him? We find terrorists by what they google all the time.   The sheer logistics of this thing just kill it before you even look at the science. And let's remember, this is from the same government that brought us the Katrina response and the Iraq reconstruction. They can barely take their pants off to shit, let alone manage the most incredible conspiracy ever discovered.
1	I didn't get affected by the NA issues since I am on EU, HOWEVER I did get affected by issues back when EU was unified and we got like 2h ques every day didn't matter what time or day it was you always had that and to top it off servers went down due to overload.   I am not saying everyone is entitled to a compensation but this has happened before and it has happened twice already, first being the EU split and the second was the awful Hecarim patch that had so many bugs that it wasn't even half playable. They claimed that it was a learning experience which is downright PR bullcrap, this happened before they learned nothing and they never will.   All of this coupled with the fact that they always claim to be upgrading hardware and working their hardest while the results don't show doesn't help people calm down and not feel like they are being screwed over. To top it all off they are using old servers that were used by other companies, that surely should've raised a red flag when they started growing popular that there were going to be issues.
0	YES! I am a server at a steakhouse and have been for almost 2 years (yes that's not insanely long, but I work 4-5 days a week and that many tables add's up.)  Whenever I train a new person, I always get suggested a way to do things.  Then I will politely tell them/show them why this will not work.  Or if it happens to be a good idea, I will start using that method of whatever they may be talking about.  But when someone comes in on their 3rd day of training, and thinks they know their shit and try's to "boss me around" it's just annoying.  I generally let them do what they want to do and they end up dropping a tray of food or forgetting someones order.  After all, failure can be a good learning tool.
1	Yet you pick the TEEMO flair. Tbh, Teemo was my favorite champion when I first started. If you don't follow anything on League of Legends you'll soon realize he is probably the cutest hated thing in League.   On the side of the actual topic; www.reddit.com/r/SummonerSchool is definitely something to check out. Also watching League streamers you may pick up an idea of what is what.   I would say that once you get comfortable with how League feels(Seeing as you're a Dota2 veteran it should come pretty naturally or very quick to you) stick to 1 role whether it be  top, mid, adc(now called marksman..), support or jungle .   The roles depend on your playstyle.   Top is usually the place where tanky champions are used with some exceptions such as Riven or Tryndamere(Just 2 examples of champions who go top who aren't tanky/build tanky). I'd suggest watching some top laner streams like; Dyrus and Boxbox(Flosd), Boxbox only plays Riven top. Dyrus would be the more current-meta picks.   Mid is usually where either  assassins  or  mages  go. These build  Ability Power  which, in the name, makes their  Abilities  stronger. There are some exceptions such as the champion called  Zed  who you would build  Attack Damage  on. Some champions abilities scale differently, like Zed, they scale with attack damage instead of ability power.   ADC(or Marksman) are very squishy champions but can deal out a lot of sustained damage, they are all reliant on Attack Damage. With the exception of a couple who also deal out a fair amount of Magic Damage but you still build Attack Damage on them. If you're not familiar with what squishy means (I have never played Dota 2 so I don't know what terms you use) it just means that they can be killed very easily as they do not have much defensive stats such as; Armor and Magic Resist. Squishy also falls under a lot of  Mid  champions too.   Supports are what help  peel (Keep people off of the ADC so that the ADC can deal the most damage without the threat of dying) for the ADC. They are there with them in the bot lane. Supports generally do not deal much damage but their kit helps them to catch people out, let's take the champion  Thresh  as an example, Thresh's Q ability called  Death Sentence  will throw a chain and if it hits the enemy it will  bind  them(You can drag them towards you twice and they cannot move out of it) and if you activate it again you are able to fly over towards the enemy champion and then use your E ability which is called  Flay , this will push the enemy in a direction depending where your mouse is, if your mouse is closer to the bottom of your screen it will pull them towards the bottom of your screen. These type of champions kits are designed to help out the  team  with locking down enemies, peeling and being there to to basically keep their team safe.   I also agree with /u/xlarukux with practicing CS'ing. I'll try go a little more into detail on it as there's a bit of information that can be quite important.   CS'ing(Creep Score, killing the minions in lane/jungle, but we'll stick with the lane minions).   1 Kill = 300 gold. So if your enemy laner kills you for their  first kill , you will only need roughly 18 CS above of them to still be  even  in lane and they will  not  be ahead of you for them killing you.   If you then give them a 2nd kill. Their 2nd kill will then be worth 360 gold. You will need roughly 38 CS above of them to still be even.   This is why CS'ing is so important, even if you're not getting kills and you're being killed. If you have a CS advantage you will not have to worry too much about giving up a kill. However, if you do have a CS advantage, you will have a gold advantage over them. Therefore with your gold advantage you will be able to buy a few items before them, which in return means it will be harder for them to kill you in the first place. Essentially you will be able to kill them with ease if you have a great CS lead.   I hope this isn't too
1	I seriously laugh at all those "rumble ults" comments as viktor player.   the freaky ult is easy to cast especially with smart cast,  you press ult and hold it. when you press ult, your ult will be thrown where your god damn mouse is,  Let me ask are you guys blind? can't you see where the fk your mouse is? then you just drag your mouse while still holding the freaky ult down, and then release. You know what?  from the moment you pressed ult.  to the way you drag your mouse, thats how your ult is going to be cast.   Easy Pweasy.
1	the most hyper protagonist in history moves to the laziest town in the world. she gets everyone off their lazy asses by introducing them to a superhero that is incapable of walking. the guy just does back-flips everywhere he goes.
1	It's just a basic problem here which occurs at a lot of these suggestions: The system is abuseable. At first, the person whom went AFK should not receive this decrease of LP loss. But even if this is executed correctly than there will be a second problem. Just imagine the scene where a duo is behind in a game, and one of them decides to leave to make sure his friend's LP is reduced less. It would give a reason to AFK for some people. (On the other hand, people might stop AFKing because they don't want their teammates to gain decreased LP loss because they think they lost them the game >_>)
1	Whether or not people reply to a post does not make it automatically fix any violations of the rule.   It is not related because it's about you being a personal chef, not about any aspect of the game or related eSports. At maximum, the post only has  tangential  relevance because it's somewhat related to relevant organizations, but tangential relevance is not enough to be  directly  relevant.
0	Yeah, fuck all these haters, dude. If your feelings are hurt by it, talk to her about it. If she's not sympathetic, then  that's  a reason to break up. If your feelings aren't really hurt, then whatever. Look, she's with you, not with him. He's the ex for a reason. If the facts of the matter are that your big dick isn't doing it as well for her, you guys need to start trying some different shit.   I know some stuff about big dick issues. Try some different positions. If it's a girth thing that's hurting her, you may just need a lot more time to warm her up. Do summore foreplay. Remember that vaginas are capable of stretching a  lot . Also remember that "loose women" are ones that have "loose morals" because of antiquated ethical systems; vaginas don't get all loose from having sex with big dicks. That's a phallusy. (Sorry, couldn't help myself).   If it's a length issue that's causing the pain, you'll wanna try a different angle. The most common problem with length-related pain stuff is mentioned a couple other times ITT; hitting the cervix. You wanna be hitting either the anterior or posterior fornices. (That's "fornix," in the singular.) Look that shit up on wikipedia. Show her. Talk about it. Find a good angle. If you got a straight or up-curving dick, she likes g-spot stimulation, and she likes missionary, you might wanna try pushing her knees up toward her shoulders and maybe putting a pillow under her butt. If she prefers clit stimulation, it might work better with her on top doing more of a grinding motion. The bottom line is that different bodies fit together differently, so, if you're both trying to do the same shit you did with other, different-shaped people, you're gonna have a bad time.
0	Late but oh my god! This is 100% accurate of my girlfriend's current roommate. This girl would kick my girlfriend out constantly (once at 8am), and then when I would be there? WHO SLAMS THE DOOR? every. single. time.   My girlfriend's group of friends had a dramatic falling out with this girl (no shit), so now it's incredibly awkward. I don't sleep there ever now, and my girlfriend avoids her own room like the plague.   I can't wait for next year, when I never have to fear seeing this horrible human being. And for when I hear that she has completely pissed off and alienated her new "friend" group.
0	If you watch his UK Kitchen Nightmares you can see his true personality. There is still some of that brash attitude but he also genuinely cares about the people he is helping.   He is also a big supporter of a charity dedicated to helping addicted food service workers clean.
1	Scim-reading here but:   You're saying that DDOS is a client issue.  Sadly it's an issue with the nature of the internet and people being assholes.  Simple as that.   Having read that I'll assume that the rest of your wall of text is unnecessary and/or ill-informed.  Giving it a second scim I get anecdotes about issues with the tribunal aaaaand..... that's it?   If you spent more time getting an idea of the challenges involved in developing and maintaining something of the scope that League is at now you would probably just have given out to those people who spoil your experience.
0	Ok, story time.   So my first summer out of High School (Summer 2003) I worked as a dock hand at the Flaming Gorge Resevoir. I was 17 at the time and was very shy and awkward.  I've seen my share of nudey magazines at this point, but I had never seen an  actual  pair of breasts.  On the night of the 4th of July, this all changed.   That night my supervisor was throwing a party and a lot of people were there.  He had invited a girl friend out of town, and that friend also brought a friend who happened to be 21 and a mortician.  As the night was going on, I ended up in a conversation with her on my bosses front porch.  It was going well, and in the back of my mind I'm thinking, "Would I really stand a chance with hooking up with this girl?"  That thought was quickly put to rest as I realized I had only once held a girl's hand and had never even kissed a girl.   As we sat there and talked about her job, another random girl from the party came out to the front porch to ask my coworker and myself if she could use one of our bathrooms because someone was puking in one bathroom and another person had occupied the other in the home we were at.  As employees, we had a few run down single-wide trailer homes as housing that we shared.  My coworker was the first to chime in and said she could use the bathroom at his place which was just next door.  The mortician said she needed to the bathroom, and since we were in mid conversation I decided to tag along.   So the four of us walked over to my coworkers place and as we're about to go in he stops and turns to the girls, "I should probably tell you before we go in, we have a few naked pictures of girls on the wall."   The girls said, "Nothing we haven't ever seen before, whatever."   Now keep in mind, I was the only one in this group that was sober.  The rest have had a few, and my coworker had quite a bit.   So we walk into the trailer and that was probably the greatest understatement in my life to this point.  They had nearly wallpapered their living room with centerfolds.  There was barely a bare spot on the wall.  So the random girl goes to use the bathroom first and the remaining three of us sat on the three separate couches away from each other.  We sat there in silence until my drunk coworker noticed the mortician was staring at all of these pictures up on the wall.   He said, "So.  Which one do you like the most?"   I was stunned.   How could he be so stupid?  What's he trying to do here?  If I ever had a chance, there isn't now.  Way to ruin the mood you moron.   She said, "Hmmmm. I like the one in the black.  I like the look on her face with the bustier and garters."   I don't know what's going on.   Why is she not offended?  How is this happening?   And then to my astonishment, my coworker asks, "Which pair of boobs look most like yours?"   What the the hell you idiot?!   She pauses a moment to look around and scans the pictures, "None of them."   Coworker says, "Why's that?"   "Well, because mine are pierced and none of these women have their nipples pierced."   Without missing a beat my coworker asks, "Can we see them?"   "Sure."  And she leans back on the couch and lifts up her shirt.   Boobs.   My mind is racing at this point and my jaw is nearly on the floor.  It's taking everything I've got to keep it together.  Pierced nipples, holy crap!  Meanwhile they're carrying on a conversation about pierced nipples and I'm picking up only bits and pieces because I'm trying not freak out.  The entire time she's playing with her breasts. "....Desensitized?  ...painful?  ...catch on clothes?  ...real better than fake?"   At this point I felt I had some foothold of an opinion.  "Yeah, real are way better than fake."   Now, my coworker knew me well enough to realize I had no idea what I was talking about. "Whatever, you've never seen or felt a pair of boobs in your life."   I felt about  this  small.  I was caught, he was right.  No way to get out of it now.   The mortician says, "Is that true?  You've never seen a pair of boobs at all?"   Sheepishly I said, "Yes...."   She then said, "Well, do you want to feel mine?" She said it almost as if she was performing a public service, like helping a old lady cross the street in busy traffic.   I panic. I've never prepared for this moment.  "Umm, no, I'm... uh... I'm good. Thanks though."   What the hell did I just say?   "Are you sure?"   "Yes."   What?!   At this point the random girl comes out of the bathroom and sees this girl with her shirt up and she's confused, "What's going on?"   Cue my coworker, "Oh, were comparing breast sizes. It's your turn."   "Oh, Okay." And the random girl lifts up her shirt.   My second first pair of breast in the same night.  I don't know what world I'm in at this point.  I can't believe this is happening.  Even now as I type this I kind of wonder if it was all just a dream because it seemed so ridiculous.   The mortician went to the bathroom and that was it.  I know we went back to the party but I honestly can't remember what had happened beyond that.  My mind was reeling.  They were both good looking girls.  Strangely enough, the mortician gave me her brass zippo that she had for few years and it was always reliable.  She gave it to me as a memento and taught me the trick to open it with the snap of the finger.  Crazy night.
1	For every spinning axe and critical strike he hit on an enemy target, they would receive a stack of bleed (much like Darius), stacking indefinitely if I remember correctly.
0	Warning: Wall of text, but I thought I'd try to be helpful.   It's not your fault.  The terms are (most likely intentionally) mixed up by many.  To clarify for you:   An assault rifle is a rifle (duh) that fires an intermediate size cartridge (larger than a pistol, but smaller than a battle rifle) and is capable of select fire (has a switch that can change it from semi-automatic, which is one shot per trigger pull, to either burst or fully-automatic).  It should be noted that assault rifles made after 1986 are not legal for civilian ownership.  Ones from before then are horrendously expensive.   An assault weapon is a legal term, formerly it had meaning across the US due to the 1994 assault weapons ban which expired in 2004, and now has meaning only in the three (I think) states which have assault weapon ban laws on the books.  The definition of an "assault weapon" varies by state as each has defined it differently.  In all cases it often includes various cosmetic rather than functional definitions like if the stock can be adjusted in length to match your shoulder, if there is a barrel shroud to keep you from burning your hand, etc as well as listing numerous guns by name rather than any feature of the gun.   The issues with the assault weapon bans are numerous and include things like "Because the handle is different one of these two guns that are in all other ways identical is an assault weapon and one isn't" and "because the manufacturer changed that name that gets stamped into the metal on the side it's no longer an assault weapon".   This is why gun owners shit all over "assault weapon" because not only is it very clearly in violation of the constitution but on top of that the people enacting these laws are being complete morons about it.  It's like trying to ban porn by saying that all porn with precisely 3 penises in it (unless all penises are wearing lime green condoms), or was shot at an aspect ration of 1:1.6 or wider, and all videos with the word "Lesbian" in their title on porn hub are illegal.   A big issue for the looking at things in pictures is that the visual appearance and the functionality of these guns are not in any way related.  The bit that actually matters is inside the gun, and rarely makes any impact on the look of the gun.  An AR-15 for instance can be made to fire anything from .22lr all the way up to .50 BMG bullets.  They can be made semi auto, burst, or full auto (note: they can be physically made this way, legally doing this is complicated and expensive to the tune of buying a new car).  They can be made with barrels from 7 inches to 28 inches without affecting any of the previous.  They can have lights and lasers and scopes all over them, or be just bare metal.   And for those who say "AR-15!  AR!  Assault Rifle!  It's right there in the name!"  No.  It's not.  AR stands for Armalite Rifle.  The company that designed the thing.  Along with the AR-10, the AR-7, the AR-5...
1	Without paying hundreds of dollars, it would take literally thousands of games to have a champion pool prepared for shifting meta and rune trends, especially considering a good chunk of top tier champs are 4800-6300 IP.   Literally every league player who is concerned about things like the "shifting meta" has already played thousands of games.   The game is not designed to be streamlined for smurf accounts. The game is streamlined to incentivize new players into buying cheap "tutorial" champions and later specializing when they've found a niche they like.   The slow IP progression is also designed to cause a system of renewing excitement for accomplished players. If IP was too easy to accumulate, purchasing new champions would not be that interesting or monumental.   Finally, you're not supposed to ever grind - that's counterproductive to a positive gameplay environment. You're supposed to play for fun (gasp!) while seamlessly expanding on your toolset as you gain skill.
0	That's kind of the point though. Even though the present depends on what came before that doesn't mean that everyone is going to start off in the same place. It's important to recognizes the privileges that people are born with. If you're born into an upper middle class family that can comfortably afford to send all of their kids to college  that's very different than being born into an intercity or rural poor family that struggle to pay their month to month bills and have no plans on sending any of their children to a secondary school just because there isn't a way to pay for it.
1	You don't know how the conversation ended to know whether or not Regi was completely hounding Chaox. I didn't see Regi beating down Chaox or anything like that, I simply saw him asking Chaox to admit he was wrong to move forward with the discussion, how could they move forward if Chaox still believes the team did wrong by him and not the other way around?
0	Story time. VZ customer service is GARBAGE. I had FIOS installed at my old apartment - got the triple play (even though i don't use the landline) because the package was cheaper than the 2 play - ok all good. Fast fwd to a year later, now I'm moving to another apt in the same building, try to get my service switched over. I ordered a triple play that was pretty much the same base cost (they didnt have the exact same promo available so i had to downgrade my internet speed - no biggie).   I get the bill estimate for my new contract - remember base cost was pretty much the same - with taxes it's like $50 more per month. The extra charges are NOT itemized on the estimate, they show up as "taxes, surcharges, and other VZ charges". I flip out and try to get answers from VZ. At least an itemized list of extra charges so I know why I'm bending over before they fuck me, right? I go through 5 different agents (phone and online) who all give me bullshit, but different forms of bullshit. It becomes a clusterfuck of no one being able to explain the extra charges but not knowing why and not being able to provide an itemized list until my first actual bill. So they wanted me to pay first and then contest.   Finally I got through to a person with half a brain and she explained that because the same triple play promo was not available, they were passing through a shit-ton of phone related taxes and charges - like $40 per month. So needless to say, at that point I canceled the triple play and went back to double play.
1	This is an issue I have. Yeah, I realize that he used spoilers... but you are coming to a subreddit talking about a game in which there is a massive playoff tournament occurring. If you do not have the time to watch two games that aired early Friday afternoon, then you should not be cycling through this sub-reddit.   If you were actually looking forward to watching the games, then you would have done everything in your power to avoid getting spoiled.   It's the age-old adage: if you are behind on the times and don't want to be spoiled, don't go to Twitter. The same is true here. If you didn't want to be spoiled regarding something that happened two days ago, then you shouldn't have been on this subreddit.
1	As I understand it, putting super minions and cannon minions in the middle of the wave would make the minion balance on the map shift faster. As in they will start attacking sooner thus pushing sooner. Not necessarily a bad thing, but I don't see a good enough reason to change it. It also means that there will be more pressure on the team that has an inhibitor down, which is already a big disadvantage.   As for the inhibitors. It makes "sense" that there is still a super minion wave after the inhibs respawn because the spawned before it. But, I would love to see such a change as make 1 less super minion wave spawn because that would mean that there will be less pressure on the team, which means that there is a better chance of that team surviving a "stalling siege" because it will be shorter, it also means that there will be more comebacks because a destroyed inhibitor will be less   impactful.
1	Totally agree with this. Just yesterday I was playing a ranked match at 1300 elo. I was first pick and said I wanted mid. I assumed that the others would respect my choice since I was first pick but the third pick proceeded to insist that he go mid. I also thought about it and taking mid as a first pick did not seem a wise choice(does it even matter at 1300 elo?)   So i grabbed alistar and went support instead. We ended up wrecking the other team 24-5 and it seemed like their team did not co-operate at all. They had a cait and cho gath bot lane and the cho gath started by getting sorc boots.
0	I worked with a girl who called in for a week after her mom had "passed away". We'll call her "Nichole."  Well, were all broken up about the whole thing, thinking about our own mothers, and we gave her tons of support. She had a history of being a bit of a fibber, but nobody thought she (or anyone) would lie about such a thing. Another girl I worked with was suspicious right off the bat, having worked with Nichole and her BS for longer than I have, which I thought was rather harsh.  Fast forward a month or two. While both girls were working and Nichole was on her lunch, we get a phone call for Nichole. And guess who it was? Her mother. So we just took a message, like we would any call.  We thought what a fucked up joke to play on someone. So we checked the number against the emergency contact information and confirmed that it was indeed her mom who had called. When confronted with her bullshit she flipped out on us yelling and all that. " Who could do such a thing!?" She says. Needless to say Nichole was sacked by Monday.
1	I believe Rammus is kind of stuck as a relic of the old jungle, kind of like Trundle and Nunu prior to his recent buffs.  I think he needs a few buffs that will keep him as a tanky champion who relies on incredibly high defence to keep him going in the jungle, rather than sustain.   If it were up to me, I'd like to see his base stats raised back up again and a passive added to his Defensive Ball Curl that would reduce the cooldown by a second for every x hits he takes.  Tradeoff would be higher mana usage by Rammus while he's jungling, but would help his clear times a little bit while reducing the damage he takes without making his ganks any more potent.   May take some flak for this, but I would also want to change around the CC he has to make him flow a little smoother.  I'd like to see a slight stun added to his Powerball - not a long one, maybe just a second, which would allow him to Powerball in and then have a brief period to setup his Puncturing Taunt and pull the target away from his team.  I haven't played too many games as Rammus, but it seems counter-productive to Powerball into someone, but then Puncturing Taunt won't pull them as far because of the slow.   On top of this, I think adding a slow effect to his ult (maybe 0.5 second slow on every pulse?) and lowering the damage on it would give Rammus a bit more presence in teamfights while reinforcing his place as a close-quarters tank.
1	IIRC, Blaze hasn't played a competitive match since the Champions Spring finals against MVP Ozone, which was less than a month ago. Before that, they were on a 13-game win streak, and were the clear favorites to take the entire tournament. They arguably didn't underperform against Ozone, but instead were completely unprepared for the strategic brilliance that Ozone brought to the table. To be honest, nobody had expected Ozone to win against Blaze (or SKT2, or KTRB for that matter), and Blaze's split push/slow push strategy had been undefeated for WEEKS.
0	That's...true?  Kinda?  The problem with the statement is that being significantly overweight is so unbelievably bad for your health that just losing all that fat improves your life expectancy even if you don't do anything to improve cardiovascular/digestive/muscular/osteological health.  This is why I like to remind people that they can lose fat without doing any exercise at all, so if hatred of exercise is the thing keeping them from losing the fat, just do it with diet.
0	Black men and women have the lowest response rate on regular dating sites.  The response rate is 30% lower for black males compared to white males and around 35% lower for black females compared to their white counterparts.  It's racism (in it's passive form) that drive minorities to ethnocentric dating sites.
0	Yo, I don't wanna rain on your day or anything, but being overweight isn't healthy and you should probably do something about it."   "OH SHIT Y'DON'T SAY!?" Believe it or not, us fat people are aware of our being fat, and indeed, how bad it is for our long-term health. Now, I consider myself fortuate, since (according to the  Bullshit  Body Mas Index) I'm only 'overweight', and not obese. Even still, I get people giving me shit for being fat, and I should exercise more and eat better.   Listen here, Mr. Helpful: my job includes lifting heavy boxes and moving them from one place to another for six and a half hours out of eight. I sweat buckets even in the dead of winter, because not only do I have to move this heavy shit, but I gotta work -fast-. I couldn't exercise any harder if I tried, and even if I wanted to, by god, I don't have the energy to exercise after work, much less the time. (It's eleven in the evening by the time my shift is over.)   I could eat better I suppose, but I'm not making a lot of money at this job, and the sad fact is that in North America, eating crap is more affordable than eating well. I'm in the process of looking for a job in the field that I went to college for, but it's an employer's market right now, and very few have interviewed me; none have extended an offer. Maybe, some day, when I can afford to, I will buy better food and start shedding pounds, but until that happens, I respectfully ask that you fuck off with your sanctimonious bullshit.
0	Try using "LastPass". Its a Service wich works like a kind of Password-Safe (like PassKey) but - because its a PlugIn for your Browser - it Autofills every Website you have an Account (and Password) saved in it. It recognizes new Accounts you try to make at new Websites and saves them and it can be used to simply create safe Passwords. Give it a try!
1	Can't understand half his words with that microphone, what is the
0	Very first google result for "sagging pants prison"](   For a more realistic explanation, we have to take a trip back to the 90's: When you go to prison, you get handed a couple pairs of pants and a couple shirts. If small doesn't fit, you get the next size up. Except we haven't gotten any new mediums or larges in a while, so you just need to come back when we do have them.   For obvious reasons, there are no drawstrings on the pants. Elastic can only do so much as well. So you're left with the choice of knotting the waistband and looking like a country girl (always a good thing to do in a prison,) or letting them sag.   Then you get out. You go back to your old neighborhood. You put on your normal clothes, but they don't feel right anymore. They're too constrictive, too tight. So you get bigger clothes, and that comfortable feeling returns.   Then the kids who look up to you see that you're wearing your clothes like that. They want to be like you. You're the guy who stood up to the police, and went down on some bullshit charge. You're tough, you're in charge. You went to prison and came out in one piece.   So they start dressing like that, not realizing why you dressed like that. Now you've got a fashion statement, if an incredibly stupid one. Rappers and TV personalities start doing it. Next thing you know, Kanye is actually making a profit selling blank white t-shirts for $120.
1	Erm, that's ONLY because LoL Replay was bugged, just check their site. Today's update to LoL Replay made it possible to play S3 replays again.   I've just updated my Adobe Air and am watching my replay from an hour ago. Seems to work.
1	This has been discussed over and over.     Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
0	See, I personally like getting my hair done by women.   Now, you might think "but isn't that sissy and overpriced?".   No.  Women know what they want to see on you, so that's a bonus right there.  While there are plenty of gay barber jokes out there (maybe?) there is something to be said for this.   But lets get right to it.  Tits in the everywhere.  I have never found a female capable of giving me a haircut where I didn't basically half grope her the whole time.  Without the use of my hands.  Sometimes I think I should just ask them to cut to the chase and meet me out back.  I don't, and I then go to reddit and post some stupid shit like this, but I could.  I would get rejected - but I could.
1	I enjoyed the ladder system in Starcraft 2, it doesn't destroy your current rank standings if you lose 1 to 3 games.   In Starcraft 2:  you win 1 game you get +20 points, if you lose you get -7 points   In League:  you win 1 game you get +20 points, if you lose you get -18   Unlike in current league, its almost a 1 to 1 ratio; if you lose 1 single game... all that hard work for that win you did before, is now worthless.   Since points are a lot more easier to obtain, the amount of points needed to reach the next rank jump too.   League:  100 points for promotion   SC2:  1500~   A lot more of a grind to reach the next division, but at least you aren't punished as hard for losing a game.
0	My mom is the same. She constantly brags about her ability to "not let her past ruin her present." But then she will spend the next hour telling me how hard it was that her parents didn't love her (which they completely did, they just didn't show it). If I ask her advice on friends, or simply vent about anything from a bad day at work to being ditched by a friend, she turns it into how hard her life has been since she discovered her food allergy, or she'll remind me how absurdly awful her college roommates were.  She spends her days sleeping on the couch and being bitter about almost every aspect of her life. Whenever I need her, she's not there because she's stuck in the past.  Almost any time I give her a piece of good news, she finds a way to change the subject to the fact that her mother in law has Alzheimer's and how I'll never see her again. I can't stand being with my own mother.
1	Top and mid usually play alone for half of the game, so utility would be a bit wasted on them; they prefer more power in 1v1/1v2/2v1/2v2 fights. Adc is adc and usually doesn't provide much utility to the team (but that's ok, they are the main dps). Supports are specialized in keeping just their adc safe, so it's usually the jungler who has to keep the enemy crowd controlled for the mid to get some good aoe damage off, the assassin to sneak around, the bruiser to unleah some aoe damage, the tank to get focused, ...   I'd say about 2/3 of the champions can survive in the jungle and gank somehow... I've jungled with stuff like heimer and leona. It's just that most picks are extremely situational, you won't do much with Heimer if your lanes can't provide the needed cc to get some turret damage off, and you won't do much with leona if your lanes can't provide the needed damage while you cc them. I haven't played against a Yasuo jungle as laner yet, but I guess his cc isn't that strong, and chasing with redbuff usually doesn't work unless the laner crazily overextended (you would get another wave of cc ready with a cc jungler then, too).   Lategame (or teamfight time), you will lack cc and lose the game. This is why I don't play my Quadkill Uebear in ranked... 1.75 sec aoe stun, 70% 2sec multitarget slow and single target knockup (flair) is much more effective/safe than relying on snowball (which I definitely get with Voli... bear too strong).
1	From an avid SC2 fan and an obsessive 2k elo League player, the reasoning behind it is the fact that one mistake in a 5v5 match is not the same as a mistake in a 1v1. There are an extremely incredible amount of variables to take into account for and gauging 'a lost game' in League is really not the same as one in SC2.   You can always do things to catch up, in which the enemy team cannot 100% hinder. The game always moves forward, and there is nothing but the explosion of the Nexus that stops it. Gold is infinite. It will never stop ticking, and minions will never stop giving it. There is no mineral depletion, and you can never fully stop the enemy team's economy.   Every champion--every build has a certain set amount of gold that makes them stronger than another. Every champion, every team comp has a weak spot, some way that it can be countered. This is the very idea that makes a dynamic game, much like SC2. The difference is that if you endure a League game long enough, you will eventually reach it.   In League, you are not punished as harshly for one mistake because of an infinite economy, and you can usually play upon another's team ignorance and lack of skill or manipulate the other multitude of variables in League to take advantage of it.
1	That's wrong in so many ways because honestly you can't predict power failures, client problems and isp issues. And they do happen regardless of what anyone can say. Fact is there is no current solution to this because it can easily be exploited to either gain more or lose less.  Your suggestion is simply another way of "blaming the jungler". While it is a problem, your feelings are misdirected.  The leaver buster could be of help here, balancing out elo gains and losses, or maybe making the game entirely safe to leave after a player has been dc'ed (not quit) for more than x minutes in the game. I'm sure the suggestion above is intended for those who quit the game on purpose but i`m not sure how riot can provide a non exploitable solution to accurately single out these people.
0	I find that some artistic types tend to have pretty fragile egos.  They say they don't work for money because of artistic integrity, but I think it's really because money can been seen as some kind of tangible indicator of talent and skills.   What if they put a demo out and tried for copywriting and it turns out they get paid peanuts?  That could mean they're not as great or special as they thought they were...then where would they be?  What would they do with themselves?   It's kind of scary for them and it can take a long time or a really desperate situation before they can step out of that comfort zone.   Edit:
1	they actually analyze NA instead of just act like NA is shit and constantly compare them to Korea.   Im going to disagree with this part here. I like FB too for having a more NA themed aspect to the show and finally more analysis! However ,I dont think they really compare the leagues/games all that much when they were going over individual games in each respective league. In fact, Korea always got its own segment of the show toward the end where it was all/only things korea. Also, Im going to disagree that they just called NA shit. Maybe Thoorin (iirc he would still actively participate and give meaningful thoughts while also poking fun)  but while Monte was coaching with CLG he would talk about their match ups and take some time to analyze the teams at the top half of the league and talk about potential scenarious that may shake out. This is especially noteworthy because  there really just wasnt a host of content choices, especially like talk shows, for meaningful analysis on pro leagues like NA/EU LCS, and this was one of the only pieces of content I personally could use to try and get any deeper look. I think the reasoning behind this makes sense too because if we look at the bottom half of the LCS for a lot of the summer split we have EG, COL, DIG, and CURSE. Outside of the early DIG run these teams had hopes to be middling at best so just like any middling team in any sport they're boring or their narrative for that season becomes boring. Every sport has this problem where there's franchises/clubs much better than their peers but league is especially bad because with only 8 teams  roughly only half really acquired and utilized meaningful  resources necessary to be successful while others completely lacked Team staff (coaches/analysts) altogether. I realize this is overlooking the funding aspect when measuring indicators for success but that is another topic for another day on the fledgling league teams/orgs.
0	Funny how you think you all would stand on the same side if invaded. Every person has to make a choice: "What do I do to survive this?"   That choice is not always solely dependent on previous alliances.   Norway was occupied during the war. Many chose to side with the germans. They even fought on the eastern front for them. Many joined the police forces controlled by the germans and went around and arrested their old neighbours for being anti-nazi etc.   I don't think you realise what mindfucks come up once your safe and risk free life is taken away from you.
1	You start by not dying so much. "But Chad, surely because my kills outweigh my deaths means I'm good, right?" nope. You should be reducing those 9 or 7 deaths to 2-4 per game. Don't get caught, ward (it's not just for supports anymore), pay attention to the minimap. What's your farm like in these games? How long do they usually go? Once you're not dying and looking at the minimap and farming well, go push objectives. Secure dragons (it's not just the jungler's responsibility) if the enemy is down a man and is trying to pressure, you need to engage, take a couple down and then push a tower. Every time you have the map advantage and your waves are pushing, push a tower. if your enemy has a good defensive position, go take dragon. "But my team sucks and doesn't know how to teamfight" well, start feeding them kills so they can itemize. People don't play champs they don't know how to play in soloqueue. Gank other lanes (or learn to play jungle really well) once you're winning and give kills to your allies. You don't need the kills if you're well farmed. obviously try to secure kills if the enemy is going to escape, but don't ult someone who's just about dead because of your 3 teammates. every chance you get, push an objective. go for map control (this is where wards come in and you get the opportunity to catch people out. there are plenty of good warding guides out there). Pick on the enemy support. Usually support players don't know what they're doing in Bronze or just happened to be last pick.
0	Why do these things have to be considered guy things? I have a vagina and it does not prevent me from watching horror movies, playing video games, reading comics, fishing, & playing Magic the Gathering. It does prevent me from peeing while standing or writing my name in the snow.   I honestly have like 2 real girl friends. The rest of my time I am hanging out with guys. If the guys want to incorporate other females into the group I don't care. I will care if she starts whining about how long they're gonna be or that she can't watch this movie it's too scary or that she doesn't understand why we spend all our time on a silly video game. Then it's time for that bitch to go. I don't care if the dude that brought her is trying to bang her, she is annoying & she has got to go.   So I guess it's not that I want to be the only girl in the group, I just want the other girls that come into the group to not be such fucking pussies.
1	Because Riot gives off the impression of having lots and lots of talented design oriented employees but not nearly enough talent working on the engine and client.   Riot pushes out new champions and skins at an astounding rate, but new features and UI improvements (have they even fixed champion portraits not updating health in game yet?) take AGES, and the usual response is "we're very excited about these new features we're working on, stay tuned...".   I don't exactly buy the argument that skins and champions are Riot's sole source of income therefore that's where they're spending all of their time on.  They know that DotA2 is going to come out eventually, and that it's probably going to be extremely polished because it's Valve.  In addition "notable" players like Hotshot talk about the need for better features quite often, and they have a pretty big audience.  The potential loss from players moving to DotA2 and new players hearing about all of the problems from streamers is probably more than the revenue they're making by releasing skins and champions in the short term.   So either I'm completely wrong from a business viewpoint (entirely possible) or Riot knows what's up.  And if Riot knows then they're planning something big or understaffed for what they need to be doing.  Given their track record on promised features I'll go with the second possibility.   Sorry, that was more off-topic and rant-y than I had anticipated, but Riot needs to get their shit together.
0	Time to chime in on the topic with my own personal experience.   4 years of long distance here. Long, long, long distance.   I am from California and my SO is English. We met on MySpace(archaic, I know) and didn't meet each other for 9 months when she came to Cali, all while both playing it as a full blown dedicated relationship. We didn't see each other for another six months when I went to England. Then another 6 I went back again.   Cue extra seriousness... we planned a marriage. Building for getting married we spent a year and a half apart. All the while, nothing but Facebook and Skype to work with.   I landed in the beginning of July, this year, married July 30th. Writing this as she dances in her pajamas to my left.
1	No. The 2nd burger is bad compared to the 1st burger, simple as that. What you are doing there is comparing the 2nd burger to food in general. There is nothing wrong with being bad as long as you acknowledge it and are willing to improve.   Edit:
0	This is how this happens.  Somebody thinks they are special and wants to throw themselves a party celebrating that.  So they invite people that aren't particularly close to them but are "friends" enough to have hung out with before.  These people feel no need to go and spend money on a casual friend's birthday when everyone has a birthday and it is no big deal.  So they shrug it off.  Who wants to go spend money having a meal and feeling an obligation to get a gift for an  acquaintance?  A party like what you're thinking of is a bunch of close people get together and decide you need a party.  So they arrange it and if many people don't show, at least the people that love you and arranged the event are there which is all that really matters.
0	My mom is extremely open with me, as I am her.   When I was in grade....10, I believe, I had a friend who was one of those "bad boys" (I'm a girl, by the way) and I idolised him, like an idiot. He offered drugs to me on many occasions, and I started actually convincing  myself  that I wanted to try them. I said no at first, but I kept getting more and more tempted, so I went to my mom for advice. I told her I really hope she won't get mad at me, and I told her I sort of wanted to try a drug my friend had, just once, just to have that experience. Awesome mom here didn't flip out, didn't get upset. She basically said that she wouldn't be happy if I did, but she knew she couldn't stop me. She told me she had done drugs once when she was younger, and told me of her experiences with it, and to be honest...they didn't sound fun. My mom and I have similar thinking patterns too, so it sounded like I probably wouldn't like it either. So I didn't. I never tried any drug in my life (besides alcohol, but only socially) and I stopped hanging with the "bad boy" after a while. I'm really happy my mom helped me with that, and didn't get pissed at me. I honestly think I would have tried a lot of bad stuff if she had done otherwise. She also never told a soul about my question.
0	Last night one of my friends and I were staying at another friends house (we are all under age).  We went out to the car which was parked on a side street around 4 A.M. so I could grab my things.  As I was grabbing my things a cop pulls around the corner.  He gets out of the car and tells us he was called about a different car that was parked on the same street and was reported stolen then asked us what we were doing.  I told him that I came outside to grab my bag and that we were going to walk back into my friends house.  He proceeded to yell at me every time after I repeated what we are doing saying "Kid you're starting to really piss me off, you need to cooperate and tell me what you're doing here." Or some variation of that.  He then asked us what school we go to and I told him. (It is a nice school that is known for having a lot of rich kids go there and we were in a bad part of town).  Assuming that we were rich he said "Oh so mommy and daddy are gonna come save you, huh?  What're you doing in this part of town anyway?"  I then had to inform him that we both lived not even a mile away from where we were sitting.  I had a small bag of weed in my pocket that I threw on the ground when I saw him.  When he took a walk around the car he found it and then searched the car.  (Throughout this time more cop cars are showing up.)  I had a regular brownie in my bag (I'm a fat boy) and when he found it and threw it on the hood another cop whispered to others "Of course that fat kid has a brownie in his bag." And they all giggled.  Before calling our parents he said he'd give us one more chance to cooperate and tell him the truth, I told him that I was telling the truth, when I did it pissed him Off even more and he told me that if I didn't cooperate he was legally allowed to taze and or mace me.
1	Its all PBE now so nothing is final. Its all very well written down in the patchnotes and the general
1	It's both, though. And in the end it's about the service provided. Given the fact that Riot "could" solve this problem themselves, while I appreciate your accurate and helpful information in the thread, it's not really practical to say "yup, the infrastructure is bad".   For example -- if this is a problem, where are the NA-East servers?   The problem with EU-W is also  mostly  about ISP to ISP relationships. They've fixed the lingering infrastructure issues on their end. But if the problem is European internet connectivity going into bad German ISPs, why do they have the servers located where they are located? Why do they have a server ~30% larger than NA, in a region with a weaker backbone?   Why are they still charging RP for EU-W to EU-NE server transfers?   Those 'in the known' about network technology know that Riot are in a tough spot as far as internet connectivity goes. Those even further in the know, who know specifically what Riot are doing to work with ISPs, know how fucking  phenomenal  the work they're doing to set things up for the future is. It's truly groundbreaking as far as the work a game developer is going to get a stable service.   But in the end, it's still providing a weakened service to end users. Amazon, Google, eBay, imgur...plenty of online companies have more users consuming more bandwidth than Riot, yet survive without the downtimes. The question could be what Riot can do  differently  to be more like Google (and I understand that gaming is ping sensitive whereas just sending data isn't).   For example, Dota 2 uses a 'master server' for friends, game invites, etc. Then there are regional game servers that host the actual gameplay. Why don't Riot consider this sort of set up going forward? If your problem is pigeonholing ~2m users into the same data center for login queues, chat, store functionality, matchmaking, gameplay, etc, why not split that functionality up further the way Valve do with Dota 2?   In the end, I think that's the big problem. You have a mix of people who are truly clueless and only know that their service is being interrupted, and you have people who know a lot about the specific details but then say "it's a complicated job and there's nothing they can do".   The same way reddit are having downtime issues then said, "you know what, we really need more money to solve this problem" and then we've seen reddit gold purchases explode this week, why can't Riot say "this is actually a great idea. We're introducing a special line of RP content for people who help us fund a fundamental change in the way we manage our network/server in S4, help us help you get this taken care of!"   The root cause of connectivity problems are that Riot are an incredible community-focused company, but for some strange reason, the general public doesn't get honest information about why the servers are down, what needs to be done, how we can help Riot, etc. The guy I met at Riot who is a damn genius working from 8AM to 3AM whenever there's a LAN tournament, to ensure everything goes smoothly? I can't even find his name online, no forum posts, nothing. As far as the public is concerned, server status / health is a black hole. They even delete tweets and forum posts about why servers were down after they've come back up.
1	I honestly don't give too much of a damn about Rekkles, I think he's a great player and all. My point is that everybody can just shrug off Doublelift's trash with, "Oh, it's just normal doublelift" and when anyone else tries to trash there is a huge uproar about it.
1	How to play Gragas on SR:   First of all, he is a mage. This means buy early Doran's Rings (1-3) and Sorc shoes. My build calls for RoA, then Deathcap, then other AP items in no particular order.   Now, what's really important to know is that Gragas needs farm. I've played him duo bot a few times, and it went surprisingly well, but you won't reach your true potential without farming.   Speaking of farming, you have to be willing to use your auto-attacks to get CS. If you use your barrel to do all your farming, you won't have any mana left to harass your enemy, not to mention you'll be pushing up your lane all day. You have to get in close to the creeps and last-hit and use your barrels to harass/zone your enemy.
1	I've only been warned once, and I remember the exact game too.  It was actually a year ago, and I got into an argument with my ADC (who was Corki and I was Jungle Xin Zhao).  He was getting angry with me because I didn't gank bot (admittedly, I should have, but I was on tilt and wasn't confident on my ability to gank a evenly pushed bot lane).  So he and I started arguing over ganking bot and it ended up in my telling him to "fuck off, I'm the jungler, I decide where and when I gank, and you get no say in it... so shut the fuck up, bitch".   That was the end of the argument.  We ended up winning the game (the Corki hard carried the whole team) and then I got a warning telling I've been reported.   Ever since then, I've always been very conscious of what I say in game and do my best to say things that are constructive to helping our team win the game.  I've never had a warning since.
1	I think you don't understand how Athene works. I agree that shunning him will somewhat encourage his behavior, but if he loses enough viewers he'll move on.   You can't make someone like that a positive member of the community, it's not possible frankly BECAUSE of the community. People like what he does. He has his own fan base that aren't from League of Legends, they just follow him to every game he plays. So shun him, accept him, he's got it made, he'll still have his core fans, and he won't change. Other scenes have come to respect him, worship him even, and he continued to screw people over, he didn't change. There's no reason to think he'll change now.
0	I hope you realize that even when passing, you're not allowed to exceed the speed limit.   >This is reddit though, where everyone is under 30 and no one knows the actual rules of the road let alone how to drive safely.   You say that like people honestly think the passing lane is for legally speeding. We all know you can't legally speed in any lane. We do it anyway.   Most people, myself included, know the rules of the road. And how to drive safely. I can go 70 in a 65 and still be driving safely. If the flow of traffic is at 75 in a 65 it's  safer  to keep up with everyone else. That doesn't make it legal.
0	It is.  Folks like Richard Stallman and Cory Doctorow (sp?) have been going on about it for a while.  The
0	But if you remember when the Matrix came out it was still a 50/50 as to if it'd be a hit or not. It did good at the box office, but it didn't do great because people were iffy about it. For one, you didn't know shit from the previews of what it was about.  However after a decent, long, run at the theater it did explode with DVD sales and was the first DVD to hit a "x million" sales mark if I recall.  However at the time it came out another VR movie, equally as twisted, The 13th Floor came out and could have easily been the winner of that battle.   Another thing I think back to though is if Smith had been chosen, the Matrix would have been different and, in all honesty, I don't think it would have had a 2nd or 3rd sequel. At which time that pretty much would kill the Matrix as a memorable career move.  Had the matrix not done well with smith then his career choice woulda still been moot because the movie could have just been bad.  Smith in 1999 hadn't really made a serious movie by that time, those didn't come along till later.   Reeves  had already done a breadth of role types by that time (though some aren't that memorable)   WWW was a very formulaic movie for Will. It was/is the staple type of movie he makes and brings in cash with.  Witty officer who fights XYZ bad guy and makes smart ass remarks and has a partner he doesn't get along with.
1	I'm using dodge runes on some squishies (such as Vayne or Akali) as it provides me a speedboost in very early stages of the game. An example: I'm going to harass my opponent and his ranged creeps are attacking me; dodging not just decreases the damage; nimbleness is also going to provide me a speedboost for a second or third autoattack; a potential kill.
0	Well, that guard are close to useless.   Why, because guards are/was mainly used in two ways.     To provide defense against an opponents blade going down over the hilt and fuck up your hand. The enemy blade will, close to always, be led down to the guard by the blade, to make the impact be in the cross section. This is to be able to keep control of your sword. The problem with this is that the lightsaber design, as on the picture, will not prevent this. Why, because the light blade starts a bit out from the cross section. This means if you will try and catch and block a blow with the guard, you will destroy your lightsaber and your hand.     To be used and a piecing weapon as a warhammer alternative. Typical swords with a large pointy guard with be mainly used to slashing and thrusting. Problem being that with a long blade, you wouldn't  always be able to thrust against a heavily armored opponent in close quarters. Therefore you would grab you sword by the blade and use it as a warhammer, with the guard as a piecing pike. This way you would have a weapon there would be able to piece much, if not all, heavy armor.       The guard shown in the trailer won't be able to serve any of those functions. So we can only assume the reasons it is there was because someone stupid agreed that it would look cool, even it only would be a liability for the wielder.
0	Right. Well. This could have been avoided if libertyerp would have phrased it properly rather than stating a rule, and then nullifying it (as you stated).   However, in defence of my previous comment, I will point out that I inferred OP simply misspoke when s/he typed the offending phrase. What I assume they meant was something like this: "Except in the cases of cheating and violence, I believe that 'until death do us part' should be taken literally."
0	It wasn't an ultimatum, it was just like, "hey man, if you wanna do this its cool, but I'll have to go elsewhere".   That's kind of an ultimatum isn't it?   I have no problems with changing if it's something that doesn't affect my interests. That being said it does happen that people get into relationships with people who try to change them into things they are not (I dated a girl who was very needy and didn't like being alone, whereas I'm a reclusive person at times and I very much enjoy my alone time, she tried to change that and it didn't work out in the end). I'm assuming that's the type of thing OP is talking about, not talking about changing eating habits and being a healthier person.
1	Problems of Elements:     Shook forgot how vision controll,counterganking works     Krepo play and shotcalling is on that same level(if level like this exist)     Rekkles wants to be Genja with gold income of S2 Doublelift(Still dont know how he can be so hyped,doing nothing in games)     Wickd playstyle dont work in team like that(He could just stay on tower and farm-they would lose anyway but he would have good stats,still he is atleast trying)     Froggen is trying to 1v9,this team even pushed him to pick zed play agressive and dominate lane     Dota2 is not LoL so why the fuck Dota2 coach is in LoL team-Gambit says thanks for giving good coach for free     99 more
0	Finally have something I can relate to   I lived with a group of guys in college from my fraternity. My fraternity, unlike myself was made up of meat heads and criminal justice majors. These are the guys who do 2 a days in the gym. Anyway, our dorm had a pretty deep sink and they would drink their protein shakes from these large bottles. When they were done they would leave them all there with left over milk and protein left in it. Eventually they would run out of plates and cups and just use one of each that they would clean and bring into their room. I used my own plates that I would clean and keep on my room or use throw away stuff. I would also clean their plates for them because the smell of spoiled milk and protein alongside of mold is vomit worthy.   Fast forward 2 months.   Plates and cups still haven't been cleaned out. I have given up on cleaning it for them, cuz fuck em' . At this point our room smells like we hide dead bodies and the sink has become over run with mold and what I'm assuming turned into cheese curds.( at this point I was mainly living with my SO so I didn't have to deal with it.)   One day I had room inspection and the RA came in to check the room and we immediately failed and got fined(becAuse my school is greedy)   Turns out we had some kind of really bad mold and it required our room to be closed off and decontaminated for which we had to pay for.   Needless to say I moved out and got my own apartment.
1	Criticism will always be there. Everybody has their own point of view which should be expressed. However, just like Wickd said, flaming should not. Pros are humans, and so are we. Why would we want to harm the pros? What do we gain from it? Right.   Nothing.   And it's not just the pros it's hurting. It breaks my heart to see how people flame the pros for their mistakes. It's just not human. Every human being makes mistakes, and we all learn from them. We can criticize those mistakes, give our own opinion, but not in the way some people are getting threated right now.
1	There is this game on Wii Sports Resorts called sword play, and my little sister beat me every time by just swinging the remote uncontrollably. I was so good at it, and beat all of my friends. But not her. I seriously stopped playing the game because she beat me at it so much. She never blocked, and I couldn't block her random swings.
1	I'm a Korean and I'll admit: native Koreans are fucking assholes. Yeah, as a nation we've been burned too many times in history by our neighbors. But that hate we so enjoy seems to have corrupted Korean society. We have the highest recorded suicides amongst high school students and generally the unhappiest students in the world. Our older generation generally advocate hate on the Japanese for whatve they've done to us in the past, but what hate does the younger generation need? They've never personally been through the pain and they certainly don't need to shoulder the burdens of their forefathers. To see Korean society now sickens me and I'm not unashamed to say I have no love for country. America's had its fuck-ups too but I'd still much rather live here than Korea ever. And its a shame that THAT attitude has leaked into a source of joy for most people: games. The whole DayZ ordea is bloody bullshit and players regardless of nationality don't deserve it. Ironically I take Japanese and speak Korean as well, so it saddens me  I have played with people from Japan and I have to say I love their attitudes. Much more friendlier disposition than Korean players as up now in my experiences. Sorry for the rant guys, but we should be doing everything as players, nay we have a majority of the responsibility and duty to transform LoL, open it to all regardless of nationality or skill level, and to price the toxic trash we call players.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.
0	I see where you're coming from, and totally respect that, but the crude nature of it is part of its charm to me at times.  Nostalgia and comfort are powerful things to some people, including myself.  No, it does not constitute fine cuisine, but goddammit, it has a special, irrevocable place in my heart.  Some would call the blowjob a one-trick pony as well, but that doesn't mean I get any less excited when I get one.  :D  More power to ya, nonetheless.     My dad got very ill when I was a young boy from a black widow bite.  Things like that tend to make an impression on a young mind.  How did I deal with my irrational fear?  I bought a tarantula and forced myself to handle it.  It helped immensely, but I still don't care for the little fuckers too much.  Mental conditioning is just a bitch to overcome.     I love pop!  I love everything from death metal to country and everything in between, IF IT IS WELL DONE.  Yes, I have had my indiscretions, but every man has his boundaries, and that band will forever reside miles outside of them.  Lol.
0	Real story:   I work as a bartender in a chain restaurant. Whenever we are slow, the servers come hang out where they pick up their drinks. One day, coworker comes up and starts talking about her two kids. She's maybe 23. I say wow, how is it you have two kids. Expecting something like "oh I married young," or something similar. No. She tells me, and I quote, "you know how they say if the girl's on top, you can't get pregnant? That was the first. The second was prayer." I couldn't stop laughing.
1	It's not just about new players really. Many players know the minimap icons by heart and I bet just seeing a different icon would be confusing to many pro's. It's like charging into the White House and changing the looks of Obama's "Receive bacon" and "Nuke everything" buttons, why make things more confusing for no real reason when you can just... you know... not make things more confusing for no real reason.
0	Driving on a back road one night, there was this old car in front of me driving slow as shit. The road was too narrow to pass, so I drove a little closer to give them the hint. I guess I got too close for this guy's liking because he  slammed  the brakes, which I had to do to avoid hitting him and we both screeched our tires to a complete stop. Now his reverse lights go on and he starts coming back. Wtf? I put it in reverse to avoid being hit. He starts coming back fast and faster, we almost reached 20mph in reverse. I avoided him for a few seconds, he stops, puts it in gear and takes off out of sight. Now I just go as slow as the person in front of me wants to go.
1	Leblanc no counterplay? You are one of those guys that gets a heartattack when he sees the retarded damage a fed leblanc can do then draws his conclusion, how about you see the whole picture? She's popular in competitive but how many of those games has she won? Have you never seen her get locked when she W in and die instantly because of her low hp and hp+?   Meanwhile Ekko, just like every newly released champion, is op. Bard was the only exception because riot outsmarted itself with his kit.   His whole kit is op. Usually champions have a weak/not outstanding spell, he doesn't. Hell, every spell seems to be twice as good as regular good spells.     His Q: what's the big deal about his waveclear spell? it deals too much damage for the low cd/manacost it has.     It's the broken op version of lux's E.   More slow, lower manacost, lower cd, more damage. Look up both spells on league wikia if you are interested.     His W: best anti gank tool, just drop it on you and what do you get, a freaking 2.25sec AoE stun? At rank 1? I want to see Swain and Viktor mains's faces when they read that. And wait that's not all! It gives you a massive shield and on top of that has a passive that makes your AA that are already strong because of your passive, even stronger! How much does it cost? 30 mana at rank 1...How is this balanced?     His E: a dash + a gapcloser that amplifies damage scaling with your AP? and it costs a whole 40 mana at rank 1?     His R: This spell...why does it offer so much utility and burst at the same time? You get healed and avoid deadly situations, on top of that you deal retarded damage?  200/350/500 (+1.3 AP)  when it's so easy to hit thanks to your clone, easier than an Orianna shockwave with that massive range it has, and it deals more damage and costs absolutely nothing, and has lower cd? What the hell?       And I was only talking about how each spell was broken on his own, now let's combine them.... his W, E and R give him insane disengage potential while giving him retarded damage on his AA + ulti? That's not even funny.
0	When I went to court in LA for a simple traffic ticket, I felt so out of place because I wore a nice shirt button up shirt and dress pants (and I was thinking of suiting up!!)   Everyone else didn't even try (except two lawyers that were actually suited up). I thought of going back to my car and dressing down, but I'm glad I didn't. My ticket got pardoned and I only had to pay the court fee (it was a stupid fix it ticket that I paid, but never went in the system so months later they suspended my license and I ended up in court).
0	They are just going to pass on the costs to someone else.  Yay, you saved yourself $3/month on your cable bill.  Meanwhile, my father-in-law in Podunkville gets a notice that he and everyone in his area will get a 12-cent/month increase for "carrier charges" because he lives in the middle of nowhere.
1	Hi, HSGG, big fan here. I wonder what degree you have. When LoL is no longer to rely on, where would your first job application go to, and what do they work with?
0	This is entirely correct. Thanks for being one to say so.   It is literally impossible for any one person to retain all the information (completely accurately at least) in their field. Especially medicine. Would you condemn the IT guy fixing your computer for looking up some information on your specific problem? He's not looking for a step by step guide, but maybe the exact directory of a file, or to see how other people came to their solution. Would you condemn a lawyer who checks online on sources he/she knows to be accurate to clarify a sub clause of a law so he/she doesn't fuck you over in court?   Fact of the matter is you aren't a doctor so you have no idea what his train of thought is when researching something quickly, and you are a fool to assume one man can accurately retain the ever changing science of the entire human body. Why do you think there are medical specialists? I would be upset if my doctor WASN'T double checking themselves before confirming their diagnosis.   Information these days is cheap, and its people like OP who are slowing the progress of resources available to professionals because they piss their pants if their doctor (or whoever) isn't the fucking compilation of all the information in their field. It may be news to these people that before the computer the doctors would sit and leaf through medical books for the same things, but infinitely slower.
0	One year in middle school I missed the first few days of classes because I was sick and contagious. Since I wasn't there to make my schedule, an assistant in the office was asked to find out what classes I needed so my guidance counselor could enter it into the system.  The assistant told my counselor I should be enrolled in the "special" math class based on my test scores.  She MEANT that I was supposed to be in the advanced class, but the counselor interpreted it as special ed.   The teacher of that class had a policy that on the first day, they discuss the fact that it's a slow-paced class, but after that, they treat it like any other class.  They don't talk about the fact that it's a special ed class.   So I show up several days into classes, and they assume I know.  I actually don't know.  I spent a couple of weeks wondering why we were learning things I learned years ago, and why we were getting an entire class period to do something I could do in under 2 minutes.  Eventually I started getting frustrated because I wasn't learning anything, while friends in classes taught by other teachers were learning cool new things.  I went to my teacher to find out when we were going to learn those things, and she tried to gently explain that we wouldn't, and that I had been placed in this special ed class because I wasn't actually ready for those things yet.  Lightbulb, wrong class. After insisting it was a mistake and a meeting in the office, they got me into the right class.   But during that entire time, I had no idea I was in a special ed class - the kids weren't disabled.  They were "normal" kids. Some were my friends. The students were just like everyone else, except that they were learning lower-level material at a slower rate.
1	I read this in LilyPichus voice. inb4 new
1	I know how you feel dude, but here's the thing. If you're plat, then your team expects you to make larger plays than you were making. They think that "Oh hey, this guys platinum, I don't have to try he'll carry me." It's idiotic mentality. Don't let these fools get to you.
0	They also run the test the opposite way. Putting good/old & bad/young together first and then switching them. They come to conclusions by looking at the data altogether, removing the muscle memory bias.
1	inb4 the darkins are battle hardened because their dimension is rough and the only way to live was to evolve to be the toughest of the tough.   Their master realizes that their mortal enemies the gorkos are coming back, they have claws of shadow death and they move faster than a rabid raccoon. the only way to beat the gorkos is to find a suitable warrior, garkablox a darkin ambassador, the only one to rely on magic to slay his foes is sent to find the ultimate warrior to save the home planet of the darkins, lorkosonifh. Anyway, aatrox considered himself the ultimate fucking fighter in the world. But knew he wouldn't be enough to slay the gorkos so he's like hmm.   He thinks to himself, I am the ultimate fighter I have slain a thousand barkaploxoers and tunnel snakes yet my strength is nothing compared to the legendary gorkos. HE thinks nobody in the universe can best him though so he decides to create his own guy to bring back to lorkosonifh tryndamere, based on the philosophies and culture of his planet and what he had learned to be strong as hell.   meanwhile the ambassador scours the earth to find the perfect warrior stumbling onto the league of legends where he joins and fucking wrecks shit with his aoe snare but eventually gets ownedd hard by jax and jax is like oh yeah. and then the ambassador is like whoa, this guy is clearly the best warrior in existance he brings of his hood and whoa it's the fucking darkin prince that was exiled for being too weak - new ultimate skin for jax, no fucking bulky robes just fucking spiky wings of death and a real fucking weapon not one made out of sponge like fucking aatrox has.   He says, the reason our planet is like going to die to the gorkos is because we fought the gorkos like savage animals, we killed each other to find the strongest instead of being a fucking unit, IE eugenics are bad, and their whole fucking philosophy is bad.   so jax AKA AAJAXOROSOAKX closes the fucking portal to the other world and says, this dimension has a chance let's not bring our politics into it, effectively trapping the 3 darkin in the league of legends to battle it out for eternity.   But AAJAXOROSOAKX doesn't know that fucking tryndamere is there and he has a whole legion with him, he's a barbarian fucKing King and a huge threat to the universe because he was raised on the disciplines that brought the darkin world down, and he's here to wreak havoc and expand his legion
0	Agreed. 3 years ago I asked a girl I was getting to know, what she would like to do for our next date. I told her "Its your world, I'm just a squirrel..." and with zero delay in response she fires back, "...trying to get a nut, to move your butt!" finishing a lyric from that timeless C&C Music Factory classic, "Everybody Dance Now." We've been married for almost 2 years now.   EXTRA POINTLESS FACT: Our daughter is the baby who wakes up to Gangnam Style...I just thought it was interesting how the trend of knowing over-played pop music dance songs has been passed on to our kid in a weird way...
0	Reddit rallies behind net neutrality, meanwhile mods filter out a meme.   I was never a huge fan of it, but also never hated it. Why not let the upvotes decide what memes can be on here?   EDIT:
0	they also actually teach you important ideas about the way the world works. if you even pay the slightest bit of attention, HS calculus and physics should at least get you derivatives, kinematics, energy and momentum, and simple circuits, which,  even if you don't use them in your line of work , are important in terms of how you think about the world.   it's difficult for me to imagine a time when i didn't really get how acceleration, velocity, energy, and momentum were related, but prior to junior physics, I didn't. now i have an intuitive grasp about all of those concepts, and even though i might forget the specifics (e.g. KE = 1/2mv^2), i'll understand how moving bodies behave in a way i wouldn't have before.   i also know what voltages and currents and resistances mean; i can tell that putting my hands on the terminals of a 12V car battery is  not going to hurt me  (due to electricity; i might get some corrosion/acid on my skin) even though it's a huge battery with enough stored energy to spin my engine up, and even though jumper cables make huge sparks when they short.   i can combine these concepts too: since i understand that the mAh marking on a battery is in units of charge, i can multiply by the battery's voltage to find the energy in the cell. now say i'm looking at a kid's toy and i want to see how long it'll last. okay, the thing takes 4 100J cells, it weighs about half a pound (~ .25 kg), and it moves at about 1m/s. KE = 1/2mv^2, so it's using 1/2*.25*1 = 0.125J per second, meaning it should last  at best  3200s.   say we take my phone: when it gets warm it means it's  using more energy : that heat has to come from somewhere, and that somewhere is the battery. people get so surprised when their phones die seemingly at random, but you can tell that it's draining quickly if it feels warm in your hand.   i could keep going with things i'm learning now in college (i'm not a physics major, but i'm taking an introductory course to relativistic and quantum physics because a) i think it's interesting and b) it helps me understand the world) but they're a little less applicable, so i'll only give one example.   say you put two wires parallel to each other and run current through them in the same direction. they're attracted to each other classically by a magnetic force (if you work through the right hand rule it works out). relativistically, in a reference frame stationary with reference to the wires, the same thing happens, but if you pick a reference frame that's moving with the same velocity as the electrons, you find an interesting phenomenon: due to length contraction, the distance between protons in both wires decreases, and the distance between electrons increases, so both wires are positively charged. there's no magnetic force because the electrons are stationary in this frame, but as both wires are net positive, the electrons in each wire are attracted to the other. (this is more just an example of how i think science is cool, but that's an argument for paying attention and learning too: once you learn the simple stuff, you get to experience the parts of science that are really interesting and fun.)
1	I dont know if you guys remember it but doublelift got trolled by a "fan" whos name is "aphromo" a while back (notice that the real aphros name is "aphromOO"). He invited DL to duoQ and dlift accepted blindly. So the game starts and DL realized that he played with a silver player. He easily won the game duo to people being lower mrr then him. He carried hard as ezreal. So in the end DL said something in the lines of "so i can just duoQ with a bronze and climb ladder for free".
1	I wouldn't be surprised if the answer was 'money'.   Right now, most LoL teams are in a similar situation to start-up companies in that they either have a really tight budget, or are beholden to someone else in terms of what they get money for.   I think the biggest candidates for teams to get coaches are TSM, CLG and Dignitas.   The first two would need to take the extra revenue from 5 players and pool it to pay for the coach.  The coach would also need to work a reasonably large number of hours (about 20 to 40 per week) to really be worth it, which means they need to get paid a living wage.  In regards to TSM's PR person: 'Do they charge a similar amount to what a coach would cost?'  I'd be relatively surprised if TSM hasn't already looked into whether or not they could get a coach, at least a cursory amount.   Team Dignitas on the other hand gets that decision made for them by the team manager and it's up to the manager to decide if a coach would be worth that part of Team Dignitas' budget.  Remember the Dignitas Team has teams for 8 different games totaling about 58 players, not counting management staff.  Give one of those teams a coach and you have to justify to the other 7 why they don't get one too.  Otherwise you're looking at getting 8 coaches, which is a very significant amount of money to invest.   Another question being: where/how do you find a good LoL coach?  I'd think you want a coach to be: exceptionally good at LoL, trained-in/capable-of coaching, and have the flexibility of lifestyle that they can live with/near the team ... all for the amount of money that the team can afford to pay them.  The list of people that meet that criteria can't be that big and even then, you have to go out and find them.
1	Free to play, try it out sometime. It's a game style that spawned off DoTA, a custom game from Warcraft III, basically you have your hero (5v5 or 3v3) and you're trying to kill the enemy's nexus/base before they kill yours. Add in lots of PvP, neutral monsters that give buffs, small creeps in lanes on each sides, and towers that defend the lanes and that's the game.
1	Yes, you're not reading the full post - no one is saying it couldn't hit without the flash. That's not the point.   In the first position there was more room for Leblanc to dodge, in the 2nd (post flash) position, there was less room and time to react to the new position and dodge the charm.   He flashed to position the charm in a place that was harder for LB to dodge (and give LB less time to react to the new position) - not because he couldn't hit it from the original position. If he charmed from the original spot, the LB was prepared for it coming from that direction and could have dodged it easier.
1	I say this a lot in several posts regarding being a beginner in League: Just play bot games.   Story time   I started at the end of Season 1. I quit right away because I was getting thrown apart. I joined again at the end of Season 2.   I played bots games (Beginner) up until level 30. My friends made fun of me for playing Beginner, so I decided to take it up a notch to Intermediate. They still made fun of me. This time, I played normals with them and totally owned -- I caught them off guard.   They were so confused as to how a guy that played Bots all his League career to do so well in normals. Well, once I got the real basics of the game because of bot games, I knew how to use it to my utmost potential.   Playing Normals isn't going to make you get any better any faster. My friend right now plays normals like crazy but he's utterly terrible.   Tip/
0	Yeah, that's also why I've considered it. I've wasted so much time with it and would like to see it close.   Could you, or anyone else who could be bothered, give me a short
0	Last time I visited my mother, she get upset that I was going to see my father in the same trip. It was a short trip because my boyfriend was visiting his family too. Both of my parents live in Florida and are not very fond of eachother. She made me feel like shit and told me I was a terrible daughter. Just for visiting my father which I didn't even end up doing because we went to the wrong restaurant and I had a tattoo appointment. When I got back from that, EVERYONE (aunt, uncle, mother and cousin) were all cold to me. I ended up making my boyfriend drive me to a local pharmacy for "tattoo stuff" even though I just wanted to cry because I felt so awful.
1	I'm a huge fan of the little bits of lore that was put into the new TT map. I didn't really follow tJoJ because the amount of text really put me off to it (sorry!). But! I always love whenever there's a new champion and there's a little comic that gets released prior to the champion.   Basically, I would LOVE to see some type of comic series that help with the lore. Even if it's just a couple of panels that come out every so often.. (I'm particularly interested in the Shadow Isles lore and the story between Leona and Diana and what could potentially happen between them)
1	I started playing this game with a group of friends from L2, the ones that still bronze are the lazy, cocky, bad temper ones. You try to teach them how to cs or how to build properly and they wont listen, they just keep getting mad and they always say that the other champions are OP. Ofc everything seems ''op'' when you are 3 levels behind and only have 36 minions at 15 minutes, and you make the most silly plays.
1	I was raised on 2 languages. My father only spoke english with me and my mother only spoke german. When I moved from Germany to the US I spent the next 14 years here speaking primarily English and only having my mother and family back in Germany to speak German with. I go back to Germany every year and despite the fact that I grew up on both languages and speak both every day of my life and am fluent in both I still find it difficult to express myself IN THE IDEAL WAY on difficult topics. It's a perfectly normal thing. Some people are exceptionally gifted with their language skills and can think about a deep topic and translate that into a second language but the average person cannot.
1	I'm really happy you mentioned Monte and Krepo.   Monte continuously impresses me with his level of preparation and his understanding of LoL's underlying strategy, while Krepo consistently hits home with well informed observations which often put things into a different perspective.
1	The type of damage that commonly affects wrists and stuff in the hand (especially from the type of usage he gives them constantly every single day both on and off screen) can last for a very long time and be very painful. It is such a complex and delicate are of the body; there are so many bones, tendons, muscles, and joints in the hand that we use to the point if breaking while doing the things he does that it's just not the same type of recovery as legs. My dad doesn't even play video games but his work has him on just computer constantly, even at home, and paired with his macular degeneration he uses a lot more movement than most so he has to take pain, swelling, and uric acid reducing medication daily just to keep working. He's had surgery and physical therapy but it just doesn't go away. He felt it through his entire last vacation which was 4 months long. I'll be he will feel it till the day he dies. Hai uses more complex and specific movement more often and more stressfully than my father and I'm sure he will be feeling the effects for years and years, which may require surgery and may never completely go away.
1	It's fun till you find smurfs like Reep's here:  and tinker's here:
1	Well I don't think Bruisers got better items now...   Because there aren't many options for MR that you can take,   Spirit Visage isn't doesn't benefit many champions   and otherwise you can get Guardian Angel and Runic Bulwark on every top champ   but that's about it.   There are some top laners that can get Wits End or something like that but not all of them benefit from it   And you can pretty much get very good items for AP too...   For example the new Haunting Guise ( after upgrading it )   Is pretty much an anti bruiser item   and if you add all the magic penetration you can get from other items you pretty much kill anything that wants to get past you...
0	Do you want to work for these people?  The application process is indicative of the structure of the company. Corporations are indeed like people and able to make ridiculous irrational decisions. HR is perpetuating this chain.   Getting stymied by HR practices has an upside: it weeds out corporate fits that may not be up to  your  standards. It may be that this particular corporate culture is not a good fit for you.   If you are dead set on penetrating the wall of HR, then, call someone. Pick up the phone and call the name of the decision maker. It may be the department head or director,the further from HR you go the more preferable it is.  Find the guy that will be your boss.   "Hey! I heard you guys were hiring. I love all the great things I have heard about working for your company, I come highly qualified and recommended and yet am unable to speak to a person regarding the position. Let me line your pockets with gold. Do you have a few minutes for an interview this week?"
0	Really?  That's odd.  I don't remember any of the old people in the nursing homes I've visited ever saying that they wish they could go back and spend more of their life on school and work.  Distraction?  Yes.  Joyful purpose?  Absolutely not.   And as far as children, let's start with Dan Gilbert, Harvard professor of social psychology and happiness expert who says in his book "Stumbling On Happiness" that the happiness that supposedly comes from raising children is a falsehood created through evolutionary pressures.  It's synthesized.  In a 2013 issue of the Harvard Gazette, Gilbert says "While people might refer to them as 'bundles of joy,' said Gilbert (who has a son and grandchildren), 'they’re not a source of happiness.' He displayed a bar graph showing that  childless adults are much happier than parents . 'Once people have kids, there’s a downturn in happiness,' he said, which isn't reversed until the kids move out. 'The only symptom of empty nest syndrome,' Gilbert said, chuckling, 'is nonstop smiling.'   He's not alone.  There's the 2004 study by Daniel Kahneman, a Nobel Prize–winning behavioral economist, who surveyed 909 working Texas women and found that child care ranked sixteenth in pleasurability out of nineteen activities. Do you grasp that?  On any given day and any given time, these women when given a choice of what activity they would be happier doing chose the following things over spending time with their children: preparing food, watching TV, exercising, talking on the phone, napping, shopping, and housework.  Housework!  They'd rather do dishes, laundry or clean the cat box.  Evolutionary pressures don't allow them to admit that to themselves, but the data doesn't lie.   Then there's the economist Andrew Oswald, who’s compared tens of thousands of Britons with children to those without.  He states: “The broad message is not that children make you less happy; it’s just that children don’t make you more happy.   Unless you have more than one.  Then the studies show a more negative impact.” Most studies show that mothers are less happy than fathers, that single parents are less happy still, that babies and toddlers are the hardest, and that each successive child produces diminishing returns.  So, not only does any number of children not  add  happiness but the more you have the more misery they pile on.  The best you can hope for is to have only one and then at least you can stay no more miserable than before... other than the added costs to your wallet, your sleep, your attention and your own goals and dreams.   And finally Robin Simon, a sociologist at Wake Forest University, says parents are more depressed than nonparents  no matter what their circumstances —whether they’re single or married, whether they have one child or four.
1	I do agree with this wholeheartedly that the promos that are  P1->D5 or any similar situation are completely necessary and that all other cause unneeded stress/anxiety etc. However i do think that this may be a bit fueled by the unrealistic stature of the ladder at the moment. Due to the fact that almost everyone above P3 can get placed P1 leads to an issue. Diamond/Master/Challenger players need to be able to climb back up as well and they need to play someone as there are not going to be many other D1 players at the moment, and if you think about it in this light it would actually take the mass of players that are D5 and up an incredible long time (in terms of queue times) to find players  that are the same aesthetic level but also a similar MMR from last season post-reset. I think the idea here is that the Plat 1 restriction seems a bit out of place due to the skill above that point that exists, but people in those elos still want to climb, making it a tricky balancing act on Riots part.
1	The second number is the amount you put in, lets say 1 buck.The second number is the amount of your bet. The first number then is used as the additional winning alongside your investment. So lets say you would bet. In case you bet on EG and they win, you would get 1,8 bucks. In case of Curse winning, you would get 4,5.
1	I've posted this before. Elise has been the #1 jungler for way longer, and even now she is consistently a higher pick/ban priority in both the LCS and OGN. You can't complain about Lee Sin and not do the same with Elise. Furthermore, Elise has a higher win rate in both Challenger and Diamond. Then in every lower league, their win rates are within a 1% differential.   Now I'll counter your arguments, since I'm a Lee Sin main.   > His base MS is ridiculous. It lets him be goddamn everywhere. It needs to be brought down, even if only a little.   Elise has 345 MS in spider form. Lee Sin has 350.   > I don't think the Q>R>Q combo to delete someone from 1/3+ hp shouldn't exist unless your building straight AD. Base damage on R at levels 6/11 should be brought down, IMO.   Aren't you being a bit biased? If you rewind a couple of months before the damage nerfs on Elise's Q, you'll remember the times when lvl 5 Elise could kill a 1/3+ hp target with Venemous Bite + auto or Neurotoxin (back then most players used MPEN reds). Also, Elise was the only jungler in the game that could build tanky and still do a lot of damage. Don't you remember the Ancient Golem > Sorc boots > Haunting Guise > 10 billion HP tanky items? " delete someone from 1/3+ hp shouldn't exist unless your building straight AD " You're not playing a fair game here ...   > If his early game is touched much more, his late game utility should be buffed in compensation, with some slightly higher AD ratios to give people the option to go for a higher damage build (since he wont snowball as hard)   His AD ratios are already good. Number changes won't help him scale any harder. Ever wonder why all good junglers build Lee Sin as a bruiser/tank? Because it's what helps him to stay relevant in the late game. For proof, watch any LCS/OGN game.   > I think Lifesteal should be brought down or replaced and the shield on himself and allies raised up, especially late game. I like the utility identity of lee sin, I hate how he can 1v1 any lane he choses by landing a Q and vamping up. It's especially frustrating in lane, and the life steal in general just lets him float around both sides of the jungle with little risk   This point is always made by anti-Lee Sin players. And it's always wrong. All good junglers will max R > Q > E > W. W remains at 1 point 95% of the time, because the utility and increased damage offered by E is more potent. So that 5% lifesteal/spellvamp and 40HP shield from level 1 W is not that big of a deal. On the other hand, Elise's natural sustain and her spiderlings allow her to jungle without taking damage at all. Top lane Lee Sin sucks. It loses to most traditional top laners and doesn't scale as well. There are a couple of LCS/OGN games that can show this.
1	That's neat
0	I am average looking...but as the more attractive one amongst my siblings, it's also sucks when people are constantly pointing it out especially in front of my siblings. I wince everytime and do not enjoy the compliment.   One one hand I don't want my siblings to feel self conscious about their looks. Or feel like constantly in someone else's shadow over something so superficial.   Plus I don't want to be objectified.   Don't get me wrong; I'm grateful for what I have, but c'mon people use your common sense.
1	I recommend building WildTurtle as a standard AD Carry, opting for armor seals, armor penetration glyphs, and flat attack damage marks and quintessences.   Start out with a Doran's blade or a long sword and two health potions, depending on how ballsy Xspecial is feeling. Pick up a pair of berserker's greaves and aim for a bloodthirsty or infinity edge by mid game, eventually building a phantom dancer and last whisper for  tons of damage.
0	I'm actually glad you said that, because now I understand where the disconnect (or at least one of them) between our arguments lies.   >The fact is that vaccination does NOT stop you from carrying bacteria or viruses in your nose, throat, intestines, airway, skin, or in your body.   You're absolutely right about this!  Virus particles and bacteria can certainly be spread like any small particulate, particularly when they are aerosolized!  But [they only GROW and EXPAND when they are infecting a human host, and we have measurements of how many other people a single sickened person can infect for various diseases](   But let's be clear:   I never disagreed with the above point that we can carry germs on our clothes with our dirt.   You're constructing a strawman to knock down when you accuse me of that.   To be honest, those strawman fallacies are pretty easy to commit [when you copy and paste someone else's blog post]( and don't even bother to cite your sources.   You're also incorrect anyways.  [We actually know about:](   >the ability of conjugate vaccines to protect vaccinees not only against disease but also against nasal carriage, and hence infectiousness   The blog you took your quote from is specifically talking about the pertussis part of the TDaP vaccine.  [Even that argument, that acellular pertussis vaccines don't prevent the spread of whooping cough, is contentious](
1	Dota 2 is being made by Valve, not Blizzard, and no royalties are being paid to Blizzard since the only intellectual property they owned in the Dota series was the art assets from W3 that DotA used: art assets which Valve didn't use. Any reference to W3 is now gone.
1	So Vi grew up being a total fucking badass and made a living beating the unholy shit out of people and stealing shit because fuck the police, her spirit animal was motherfucking Eazy-E. She found out the thugs she rolled with were fuckheads and changed her profession to "criminal face re-arranger" and started beating the unholy shit out of just criminals, then Caitlyn showed up. Cait was like "hey wanna do the same shit but with a badge" and Vi was like "motherfucker can I just punch the contract cause signing is for bitches".   The end.   Still
1	I don't think this is something that even needs a debate... Sure rng sucks, and sometimes someone gets bent over by it, but it's just that, pure luck. The fact that TSM and Turtle set up a fight where it was such a close match-up shows me they deserve to win. Even though a minion may or may not have saved their lives, TSM had to have a ward there, Turtle Buster Shot Sneaky away, taking out the other major damage threat, yet another move that might have swayed the fight to go in C9's favor.
0	You also miss 100% of the shots you can't take because you took other shots.   Every moment is a once in a lifetime opportunity, but that doesn't give the moments meaning or urgency. The choice to spend a unique moment watching netflix is as equally valid as the choice to spend that moment atop mount Everest.   Nothing has any intrinsic meaning, so all choices and "shots" are equally valid.
0	I live in a rural area and had a dog that used to stay outside at night.  One night, I woke up to the sound of lots of barking and noise. Animal noises are pretty common in my area so I didn't think much of it at first.  After a while, I had to go check out what was happening.  My dog was being attacked by a pack of 5 other dogs, 2 rottweilers and 3 mutts that were a little bit smaller than a lab.  I immediately ran out there with a 2x4 that I had out from working on the back deck. I hit the rottweilers as hard as I could but it didn't seem to phase them much and they started to come after me. I got bitten on the ass by one of the smaller mutts and realized I was outmatched having only a piece of wood. I managed to get back inside my house.  I immediately ran to my gun safe and grabbed a 20 ga shotgun with only birdshot rounds. I went back outside and ended up taking three shots at these dogs before they ran off.  My dog had over 200 puncture wounds from the smaller dogs nipping at him while the rottweilers caused major trauma.  Luckily my dog pulled through.  Since I live in a small town, we know most of our neighbors pretty well and I happened to know who owned these dogs so I called him and told him what happened.  The owner of the dogs came to my house yelling and screaming at me because I had shot his dog in the face.  I didn't participate in the yelling and simply went to the gunsafe and got a pistol. I went back over to his house and put 2 rounds into each of the 5 dogs and then one more into each of the rottweilers for good measure. This guy began freaking out as is to be expected and the only thing I said to him was "get a fucking poodle."  I feel no regret on my actions here except that the guy had kids who were watching through the window. On the plus side, he now owns two poodles and we've settled things up.
1	LET ME ENLIGHTEN YOU     Invade Nidalee's Jungle, shes very weak levels 1-2 and if the Nidalee player isn't skilled at her early clear she will go very low.        Avoid early game skirmishes; avoid fighting without vision of her       Pick "point and click stun" champions like Irelia and Annie that can flash-stun and kill her instantly.       Sacrifice the first couple of Dragons to prevent early game skirmishes and her chance to snowball the game.     Banshee's and Locket lower Nidalee's Power considerable.         Nidalee is a single-target burst assassin; travel in groups to make picks harder.     Deny Nidalee blue buff; Her spears are on a low cooldown but cost 90 mana each. She will go oom without blue. Reksai and Pantheon are very at counter jungling Nidalee and can do this quite well. Reksai superior counter jungler while Pantheon is a superior duelist.         Hard Engage; Nidalee needs to setup her kills with a spear. 5v5 fights make it extremely hard for her to get a combo off.       Her effectiveness at 100-0ing is drastically lowered as the game gets longer. Champions get tankier via levels and items the longer the game goes on for which makes it harder to burst down with 1 combo.       Patch 5.3 fixed a critical bug that made Nidalee a monster, that was the ability to have ALL cooldowns reset when a target was hunted. Now it's back to normal and only her R into cougar form resets. This lowers her clear speed and ability to chase and chain-combo's significantly.     Nidalee is very squishy; if ganked,try and burst Nidalee.         Morgana, Panthen, Irelia, Annie, Vi, Sivir are all good champions vs Nidalee. They all offer abilities that counter Nidalee specific; ie spellshield, point and click cc, great duelist.     If still finding it hard to vs Nidalee; Ban her. Unless LB, Kat and Kass aren't banned, fuck those champions...
0	so black people still get 3/5ths of a vote? it's a living document, when congress passes legislation that alters it, or alters it's scope, it's legally binding. You can't just pick and choose which congressional changes you like.
0	I agree that there should be a middle ground. My parents never talked about money around us when we were kids and I thought money came easily. I even saw a video of me on Christmas saying "that's it?" After I opened all my presents.  I was disgusted with myself. I'm glad I grew out of that quick. And from my senior year, entering college, my parents started to tell me how it's really hard to send me to college and told me how they don't know what they're going to do. It makes me feel guilty for going to college and wanting a better life for myself. Both my parents and I have worked on getting me to college since I was a kid. We are making it work now though. They haven't told me the details but they said they figured something out to make it easier on them. Money is a touchy subject. And I think perhaps that middle ground is something like making your children work for their allowance or something like that.
1	Accepting that you are not as good as you think you are is the best way for me to improve personally. I generally get a better attitude in game as well, as I am focusing purely on how I can improve in every situation, rather than blaming uncontrollable variables (Players).   You will get bad players in many games, accept that. You need to make the best of every situation you can. You have to also accept you won't win every game. Usually when a game is going extremely bad for me I'll think to myself "Okay, well I've probably lost this game but I'll see how I can improve from this game so that I can play better next time". This attitude can really help me focus and depending on the attitude of other players more often than not I can manage a comeback.
1	Mostly you want to compliment your AD carry, but there's a sort of weapon triangle involved in botlane: Poke beats Kill beats Sustain beats Poke.   Poke vs kill: Poke lanes depend on wearing down opponents to either force them out of lane or set up for a kill at low hp. Kill lanes don't generally have sustain, so they lose the war of attrition as the poke lane harasses without getting in range of their wombo combo.   Kill vs sustain: Kill lanes rely on the aforementioned wombo combo to 100-0 their opponents. All heals now are fairly weak, and have to be repeatedly applied to have much effect on the hp of the carry. Basically, it doesn't help that you can give your carry another 150 hp when you're already taking 1000 damage in a couple seconds.   Sustain vs poke: Fairly obvious. Ever try to play support Maokai vs Soraka? Yeah, it sucks. The sustain laners can go where they please and don't have to worry much about getting zoned out. This one's more of a wash than the other matchups because it mostly depends on how much damage the poke lane can put down per heal, but overall the sustainers will be able to zone without taking much in return.   Don't take that all as gospel, of course, but there's a definite tendency for certain types of lanes to do well against each other. Also realize that not many lanes are pure poke/sustain/heal. Soraka can poke with her silence, Maokai can go for the combo with his root/knockback, Alistar can heal his laner. This triangle is also, by the way, a big contributor to how supports match up with carries - Soraka/Trist ends up being pretty bad, because Trist wants to jump on people but Soraka just wants to heal. Similarly Cait/Alistar, where Cait doesn't really have the burst to pull off kills most of the time.
0	Or required too much reading. Redditors prefer
1	No he missed Tibbers. Otherwise Shiphtur would have been stunned by an ability. You see, Annie's 4th ability will stun. That means when he spawns, he did E + Q + W + R. His R missed which means his stun missed.
0	Something was really bothering me about this and I couldn't quite place my finger on it. I was sitting there playing with my toddler when it hit me why the message of this picture is so aggravating.   I myself have gained around 40 pounds since my husband and I were first together for various reasons and am still considered attractive but not the "hottie" I used to be.   So let's assume you marry this girl when you are both fairly young. She looks around the college age, so we'll say 23-25. You're both pretty active, haven't yet had any kids, and she still has those lingering self-doubts brought on by being in a "competition" for attention from men when hoping to land a mate. She has a reason to keep her body at its peak until this point.   Now you're in love and decide to get married. Okay, so you both have to start thinking a little bit more about the future and finances as you're wanting to maybe start a family. You get reasonable jobs where you're confined to a desk all day. There goes a lot of your more active routines you used to have.   Now you have a baby on the way and you're both still looking pretty good, despite not having much time and/or too exhausted at the end of the day to spend that extra buck to make salad and fish for dinner, but settle for Pizza Hut or Hamburger Helper dinners.   Your baby is here and she, being your wife, still has a bit of weight, but you've assured her all the way through the pregnancy that she looks stunning. Hopefully you're assuring her of this all the time. But here's where all the stresses start coming in. Finances get tight with an extra mouth to feed and those ungodly hospital bills pour in. This does not include the stress from that little baby. Your wife has to go back to work to make ends meet and is stuck in that desk all day, comes home and takes care of the baby, passes out, then begins the routine all over again. There is very little time for exercise and the stress has compounded the weight issue.   Now take into account ALSO that she is, again hopefully, very comfortable with you in your relationship. She is not looking to attain another mate. She doesn't have to wear the skimpy blouses that say "MY MILKSHAKE BRINGS ALL THE BOYS TO THE YARD" in big bold print because she has a man that she'd take over an idiot boy any day. She doesn't bother as much with makeup because you love her without it, you saw her vagina do things you'd never be able to comprehend doing on a normal day; like stretching to the size of a folger's can top to spit out a baby, you've seen her get morning sickness (in the form of Frosted Wheats all over the door that one morning), and you still call her beautiful. But she's hoping you're going to love her anyway and support her even if she can't lose those stress-baby-work pounds and doesn't dress like a two-dollar whore.   So we're sorry that we lost a little bit of that along the way. But we're hoping that we make it up to you by  providing you with a loving home and children and someone to spend the rest of your life with instead of stuck in your mother's basement hoping you'll land some young hot ass.   So now that I've said that, I feel much better. Hopefully your wife doesn't read what you posted, assuming you're married.
1	Personally, I think double lift has great mechanics.  But at the same time, most LCS players do, that's why they're LCS.  The reason DL shines, again IMO, is because he's force fed every single game he plays competitively.  People realize that CLG like to drag games out, but they don't realize it's not only because DL likes late game hyper carries, it's because the ENTIRE composition is based on protecting him.  No one watches a replay and is like "Holy shit that flash Malphite Q saved his life" but it'll make front page when its "Fed DL 2v1s squishy champions and dies, but still gets 2 kills"   I'm not saying he's a bad player by any means, he's just not like a korean level god in the role.
0	Engaging in Illicit Sexual Conduct in Foreign Places. - Any     United States citizen or alien admitted for permanent residence who     travels in foreign commerce, and engages in any illicit sexual     conduct with another person shall be fined under this title or     imprisoned not more than 30 years, or both."   [Chapter 117, 18 U.S.C. 2423(c)](
0	I just wanted to say this is bullshit. Be real man.  I had to face a judge once and I dressed semi-formal, nice long sleeve collared shirt, dress pants and nice shoes. I wasn't about to wear my High school prom suit which is the only suit I have.  It was for a DUI/ fleeing the scene of an accident( no one was hurt though my car was fucked). They wanted to put me in jail but I, being young and Educated they seen promise. So they increased the fine and suspension date instead of jail time.
0	If you're going to not tip for bad service, at least leave a note or something explaining what was bad about the service.  That will do two things, first it will tell your server what they did wrong so they can correct it (assuming they care).  Second, it will set you a part from the people who "don't believe in tipping."   I worked at a Golden Corral for a few summers during college serving (it sounds bad but it is actually the best place to serve in my opinion) since it is a buffet the servers didn't take orders and weren't responsible for the food so tips were basically based on how clean you kept customer's tables, how full you kept their drinks, and how people friendly you could be.  There were servers who knew the bad tippers as soon as they walked in the door.  No one wanted to serve them but someone had to, if they sat at your table you got stuck with them.  The advice other servers gave was to rush them out, they'd subtlety push them along in their meal with questions like "looks like you're about ready for dessert, would you like some coffee to go with it?"
0	As part of my 2013 weightloss regime, I was walking home from college which was a good 4 miles. It was getting dark because of Winter nights.   I was walking a long a road going through a village, about 300 meters to the right of that road there is a paralell road with houses on it, it's sort of down a hill so you can see over the tops of the houses.   I saw an orange glow in clouds, it was a reflection from a massive fire along those houses, the houses were more like small-holdings than what you'd picture and they were spaced out.   I climbed on top of a little wall to get a better view, My friend and I thought we could see windows and that it was a house in a blaze. We were running to get a better view to see what it was. I was mentally preparing myself for heroics,  although that seems arrogant, I have no other way of describing it, it's a very weird feeling. A mixture between cold-calculations, risk-assessment and adrenaline .   When we got a better look it was a farmer burning a whole heap of stuff. It just happened to resemble a house, (yes it was that big).   I carried on walking and although I was glad nobody was hurt or in-danger, I got a bit disappointed that I couldn't be the hero. Does this make me a dick? I have no idea. But I am being honest.
1	What about people on second/third accounts?
1	Remember some of my games as xerath. i played him pretty ok for the first 30 matches. ok k/d. regular flash/ignite. nothing special. Then when i got better i decided to switch out ignite cause i usually wasnt in range for it anyways depending on the enemy mid pick. I picked tp - people flamed. I picked cleanse - people flamed. I picked barrier - people told me to use ignite. (in most of the games i were fed btw. or at least won my mid). Then i started using cv. Why not? My biggest problem were that the enemy junglers always ganked me and my map awarness was too bad so i took cause whenever it was up i could help my team with vision or simply know if the enemy jungler is coming to kill me and also i would learn to watch at my minimap more often. Used it 3 times. got 10/3 in like every game. Carried everygame. "Report Xerath for Troll Summoner Spells" at the end of every single game.
1	Bot games for New Champions:  I don't play much ranked games, I'm level 30, but not great.  Very casual player, regular matches.  But I've been in some games lately where I'm doing well, but the team is struggling, specifically there's been one person who is just... clueless.  I don't think much of it at first because everyone has a bad game once in a while.  However, after the 5th time diving in at the wrong time, or just not even coming close to using the champion correctly, I toss them a "What are you doing...? You gotta play smarter..." to which they'll reply...   "Yeah... first time with this champion."   poker face   Are these people trolling me, or serious?  Then I have to respond "Are you serious! That's what bot games are for!?!" and then I get flamed for negative attitude.  Isn't it like a rule that you AT LEAST learn mechanics of a champ in a bot game before 'risking' having no clue in a regular match? Or am I being too serious?  I always do 5-10 bot games with new champ, and even then I'm nervous with a new champ.  Just very frustrating someone going 1-10 or w/e and then saying "First time with champ".  I understand bot games can be very boring, and pushovers, but at MINIMUM learn the moves / utility of the champ.
1	No. Just. No.   Fanboy-ism, as you call it, makes everything worse. You should watch streams because YOU enjoy the streamer for whatever reason. Maybe you want to improve your game on a specific role, a streamer specializing in that would obviously rank higher than another.   Maybe you enjoy watching people rage (cause it's funny to some people), go ahead and watch rageshotgg, but personally, I'd rather avoid that bullshit and not see the plague that ruins this community. Raging at teammates destroys this game, and I'd much rather watch someone who doesn't call his teammates retards, no matter how bad they are.   The number of viewers on a stream is simply popularity, and that comes from many things. Hotshot got his viewers (most likely, I honestly have no clue how/why people can watch him) from his plays at a tournament with Nidalee. And following that, just because a stream is popular, doesn't mean it's good, nor does it mean that it's what you personally would like to watch.
1	Sweden, Norway and Denmark all used to speak the same language about 1000 - 1500 years ago. Since then, Denmark and Sweden has been through several feuds and wars. Denmark actually used to own large parts of Southern Sweden, as well as Norway. However, Sweden managed to reclaim its southern parts later on, but they have still been in feuds ever since. We can still actually understand eachother quite well, even though we all speak three different languages. In the end, its mostly just friendly, since we both share a common origin. Norway has by the way been part of both Denmark and Sweden for several different times and has only been an independent country for the last 100 years ish.
1	So I haven't really played the game in about 3 or 4 months and I've come back to it and it's really just... jarring. I feel like everything is completely different and a lot of champion choices and game decisions over the past few patches from what I've read up on make no sense. My normal favorite to play champs of Riven, Akali, and Rumble... none of them seem particularly good anymore, as I get run over by pretty much any champion in lane.   Basically... has anyone ever been in this situation where you've come back from a long break? What's the best way to get back into it? What are strong champion picks right now for Top/Mid so perhaps I can get used to something stable before going back to what I know.   I've never felt more lost in a game before and I have no idea how to really dive back into this game. I love League but having to feed every game and be completely in the dark about everything just...sucks. Dunno what else to do really...
1	It's actually a hard match for Cassio. You need MR runes/masteries. You need to zone out/harass LB 1-5 (this is hard because it depends a lot on your/theirs junglers). Start clearing creep waves fast knowing she can't really last hit that well at tower nor aoe clear them. Wait for mid-late and collect elo. Max Q first.   Really, if it would be 1v1, it would be an ok match-up, but considering jungle... it's much harder for you as Cassio.
1	Now I've read most of the points in this thread...  and I've played HoN before I played LoL...   TBH it's been along time since I played HoN, but I do still follow some of the higher lvl of gameplay.   so I just gonna spread my thoughts and go over your cons:   1) I think runes brings alot to the game, can change your play style alot, depending on your runes and masteries. So two ppl can play the same champ, and use em diff early game, coz of the runes and masteries, where HoN you are locked to A champ with the same stats every single time. Yeah its hell getting the IP for the runes and champs, but LoL needs some way of making money.   2) looking at high lvl play: HoN got rune control, LoL got buff control, you will often see a lvl 1 team fight, to ensure your own buffs, or make sure the other teams jungler don't get theirs. how you play the laning phase in LoL compaired to HoN. HoN is prop more about ganking, where LoL is more about lane control. Their is "denis" in LoL, its just much harder to do, with much bigger risk. If you can push the other team out of XP range, will normely mean you are in position to get ganked, and with a jungler allways missing, you have to play carefull, or you are pretty muched dead. (I take the last point of argument 4 in here) LoL got a free blue pill back to base, HoN got a bird flying around delivering your iteams to you so you never have to leave the lane, you can buy the summoner spell teleport in HoN, with I belive 30 sec CD? can't rember. so this mean in HoN every single person on the team got a teleport on em, so much less risk of losing a tower if you have all 5 ppl pushing one tower. So maybe you have a free tp to base, but you wont see 5 tp in any team in LoL...   3) Hmm.. Their will allways be an optimal build for every champ, depending on the team you are fighting agaist. but then again, there are many champs in LoL their can be build, ap ad as or hybrid. depeding on your own play style. Let's take Teemo as an exp. You can see this champ in 3 diff games, with 3 completly diff builds, and works fine either way.  what I don't like about HoN on this point talking about casters. They got a fixed stat on the amount of dmg they can do with their spells. witch means that late game, the dmg out put on a caster in HoN pretty much dosen't mather, casters are early game dmg, and CC. In LoL a caster can carry the team, and have high dmg in the end game to.   4) Not hardcore enought? Hmm... as you say that is an opinion. I think that LoL is more competetiv than HoN. My reason for this is, that LoL is much more team based, yes you can see a fed carry kill allmost a whole team, both you won't see a fed carry do this alone. I've seen replays of HoN where a fed carry can pretty much solo a whole team.   5) (yes I know you got no 5th point, but I haven't talked about gold lose on death)  This is something I really hated about HoN when I started out, i was a Noob and wassen't sure what I was doing, so I died alot = I had no gold to spend on anything. LoL is much more friendly to newer players.  and this also aloves you to go for a kill that you might not get, without thinking... "Can I take this risk, I don't wanna lose my gold" = more action.
0	Our teachers are complete idiots when it comes to smart boards. Me and my friends got into trouble for "breaking" the smart board when we didn't do shit. Some guy was doing a presentation that the teacher didnt give two shits about and then he unplugged something that he needed to unplug to make the presentation, and the teacher didnt know what it was. So naturally, blame the 5 kids who were playing sorry 7 feet away from it. The next morning we came in, we got detention and got a lecture about how they spent 5 hours figuring out how to plug something in.
0	I know you were just trying to jump on the bandwagon, but these kind of jokes are why psychology isn't taken seriously as a scientific field of study.   There are intelligent, hardworking people who work with veterans suffering from PTSD; people who study how schizophrenia looks on brain scans to develop medication without such debilitating side-effects as those currently prescribed; people who are therapists for trauma victims and people who can barely leave their houses without crippling fear.   This kind of thing belittles their work and makes it more difficult for people to seek and obtain the help they need; it spreads the ignorance that is the root cause of stigmatization of so many people truly suffering from psychological disorders. So just shut the fuck up.
0	This is doubly true when you're at a traffic-controlled intersection using magnetic loop sensors.  The break in traffic caused by the flow stopping to let someone in can trip the sensor and bring on the red light early.  The exception for me is when I'm coming up to a light that just turned red.  In that case, I'll let someone into traffic in front of me because there's no flow to slow.
1	I totally disagree with this article, I frequently play Karma and if she's played right can be a formidable champ. It's true that taking 6 levels to get to the equivalent of a normal champs lvl 5 ability is a slight disadvantage, however the fact that you don't have to spend 3 levels on an ulti makes it work out roughly the same, you've got one more point to spend on every move. Built correctly she's surprisingly tanky, as when on low health her passive means her shield blocks more and when combined with her Mantra also does more aoe damage, so when on low health using a quick R E R Q combo can deal significant damage while sheilding you from damage and then healing, if followed by a W on the chasing champ it not only slows them but speeds you effectively doubling the boost. Not to mention you can shield then heal then speed boost allies, and also shield and heal minions which is awesome for taking turrets. The aoe damage from her sheild also makes her a viable mid, as you can keep enemies off the minions/stop champs getting last hits, and farm entire groups in one move. If you build her as an AP tank (only using items that grant both AP and either Armour or MR) she becomes an extremely tough champion, not to mention that many people underrate her and don't know what she's really capable of.
1	I've had the exact same problem. Except I'm in Bronze 4 (Yeah I know I'm bad). I had at least 3 consecutive ranked games (not all In a row, I can't play after I lose, but either way just the last 3 ranked games be played) where either 1 person or a duoQ pair call every single role, scream out each person to ban in terrible grammar, and get pissy when the people the shouted are not banned and when they don't get their role because they are last pick.   In game they die once, and, as a jungle main, I'm the one they get pissed at for not covering their lane at 2 minutes when I'm grabbing second buff. They then proceed to afk, complain about ELO hell, cry to the other team and lose us the game. It's the most irritating thing ever because no matter what I do, even if I get one lane fed we can't win.   I know that most likely the other team is having the same problem but I guess my luck is just poor and I manage to be on the team and underperform that game. Sorry for rambling, it's nice to be able to rant. In short I agree with you that it's very aggravating.
1	I main support too, and I'm in Platinum now. My technique is that I will snowball my lane by winning hard, getting early kills before the enemy jungler comes and without our own jungler, so the jungler can help mid and top instead. Right after the enemy tower goes down, I would shoot straight to top or mid to gank, and get a couple of kills there.   Dominating early dragons will help your WHOLE team too, so they don't have to rage after feeding, and they can accept that they will get carried by you.
0	That reminds me of another story. Two friends of mine regularly went into walmart to steal. Then one gets caught while the other one managed to run away. Cop questions the friend who got caught and makes him call his friend to come back saying how they already had him on video. He comes back and they both get arrested.
1	I have to say I really enjoy the inflection you add to certain key words in your casting. You remind me a lot of old SC:BW casters who were so skilled at pointing out the IMPORTANT parts of fights (marine micro, stutter stepping, and baneling spacing for example). I will say though, that the biggest impact a caster can have on a game is that he presents what feels like a "higher knowledge" of what's going on. What I mean by that is that when you listen to REALLY good casters, it sounds like someone who is ABOVE the players in their understanding of the game is telling you word for word what is going on. Good League casters for this IMO are Jatt, Quicksh0t, and Monty. I think a big part of this comes from being so detached from the game as far as being a player of it. What I mean in total is that when you present plays and moments, you have to do it in a way where you don't sound like a player telling a player what is happening. For example, something common like "Flash Q" that players say to each other should be reworded to "Flash into Death Sentence" (or if you are credible enough with it, "Flash Sentence"; credible enough as in Not Phreak).
1	They actually have been doing that since before season 3, they just stopped for a while and then upped the quality by a factor of 4. You're not necessarily wrong, just that
0	Actually, people who need to lose weight need to eat more, in most cases. There is a reason why people who only eat a meal or two a day don't lose weight, it's because their metabolism gets all out of whack and their body hinges on those one or two meals a day for all their energy. If you eat every 3 hours or so, your metabolism keeps burning calories throughout the entire day, rather than going through the peaks and valleys that one or two meals a day would put it through.   So long as you're eating healthy (lots of protein and veggies; complex carbs like whole grains, broccoli and sweet potatoes & unsaturated fats like almonds, olive oil, avocados and salmon) and exercising regularly, your body will naturally lose weight.   It's not a magic pill or a potion, you just need to set yourself up for success with discipline and planning. For example, I cook all my meals for the entire week on Sunday to help stave off any temptations during the week. When I get hungry, it's easier for me to grab something from the refrigerator than it is to go down the street to the fast food place.
1	All are good choices, but there are a few things you should know before you invest.   Xerath has a devastating kit, where you can stun someone at long range and blow them to bits. The problem is after that initial barrage, you can't really do much in teamfights for a while (same with all burst mages, really). Xerath is getting a kit rework at some point in the near future. Xelnath has already posted a bunch of iterations of the new kit. It's not on PBE, and probably won't be for a while, but it is coming.   Fizz is pretty great in solo queue. He's really assassiny feeling, and if your reaction time is good enough, you can pull off some godly dodges by becoming untargetable with is E. Fizz has been constantly bugged for a while. A lot of players talk about how he fails to do damage after his Playful/Trickster sometimes. I don't know the details, as I don't play Fizz. It may in fact already be fixed. Just something to keep an eye out for.   Ahri is really fun. She's a super mobile champion with her ult, and there's something awesome about landing a Charm and proceeding to blow someone up as they casually walk towards you. Ahri used to have a bug where her Charm would reset jungle mobs, so you couldn't use it to finish off Blue Buff. I've heard it's been changed now. I haven't confirmed it myself, but it's a minor thing anyway.
0	Ok, so having more partners statistically makes you more likely to get an STD, and these people are aware of it and are more concerned.   I don't see what the problem is with that. They made a decision, the pros outweigh the cons for them.   Some people ride motorcycles even though they are unsafe. Some people drive without seatbelts. Some people smoke, or drink soda, or make a million other decisions that are potentially bad for their health.   It's their decision, and I don't see what's wrong with that.   I honestly missed the 10 somehow in your quote, I didn't mean to gloss over it, my apologies.   Again, it's a decision and it's theirs. People in fringe groups are more likely to be open-minded. And, again, I don't see how this is necessarily a 'bad' thing. Hell, I've done my share of drugs. If I count, I'm at 11 if I include tobacco and alcohol. 12 if  I include caffeine, since that is an addictive substance. I share that with porn stars, however, I also attend a stupidly prestigious college and will eventually have a socially accepted job. So I'm not sure what drug use is indicative of, other than an openness to experimentation. Done in moderation, most things are not especially terrible for your body. None of the drugs I have taken are heroin, or cocaine, or crack, and most I have done once to try.  I just don't see this as a bad thing outside of Western culture's established bias against illegal drugs, which is comprable its established bias against legal porn.   Also, I don't believe anyone was injecting alcohol into their veins, or they would probably have been dead and unable to respond to the study.
1	Scrims don´t mean much - they are for testing out new champs/new comps/new strategies and practising to shotcall from behind/even/ahead. They also wanna get a feeling for the playstyle/weaknesses/vision control/champion pool of their opponents.
1	I agree with this as harsh as it sounds. I've been 30 since nocturne was released, but still have never touched ranked. Why? because I for one do not yet have the complete abilitie to adapt and play all roles the may need to be filled in ranked. Ranked is for people who have at least 2-3 champs for every position, and have successfully learned the average skill needed to be successful in all roles, since one knoever knows what position they will be thrown into. I stay in normal and am currently trying to learn jungle, and hope to start ranked soon ( I am also scared of the bronzing I will most likely get) getting back I think the best thing that OP can do is play normal in the roles that he sucks at (letting his team know in advance or friends) and learning almost every role before ranked play. The game will stay fun, and solo queue wont eat him alive and possibly scare him away from lol before his time has come.
0	Google "Sexual performance anxiety"   "Sex is supposed to be a pleasurable experience, but it's hard to feel sexy or intimate with your partner when you have sexual performance anxiety. When you're constantly wondering, "Am I doing this right?" "Is my partner enjoying this?" or "Do I look fat?" you become too preoccupied to enjoy sex.   "Constant worry over your appearance or ability in bed can make sex stressful and nerve-wracking. It can even make you want to avoid having sex.   "Sex is more than just a physical response. Arousal is tied into your emotions, too. When your mind is too stressed out to focus on sex, your body can't get excited either."
1	I've read it before, and I just have no idea what point you're trying to make. Are you trying to say that because CLG doesn't get as many minions while behind that they're worse at playing from behind than other teams? Because that's just wrong. All that matters is total gold, it doesn't matter how much you farm or how many kills you're getting if you aren't getting objectives. As that article clearly shows, CLG has the highest GPM in losses of any team in the NA LCS.   Here's some quotes from the article you told me to read.   >When CLG loses, they are often described as looking “invisible” or “shut down,” but on overall gold, we see that they actually do the best job at staying in the game. Is farming while behind such a priority after all?  These stats would indicate that perhaps it is not, at least for CLG and LMQ.   >That said, CLG is also a team that has mounted several successful comebacks. It’s one thing to look good while losing and another thing entirely to actually overcome a gold deficit. Two of these comebacks have been from as far as a 20% deficit. CLG has the second best compilation of comebacks overall (after Cloud 9).
1	Teammates doing poorly is irrelevant in 3 ways:   1) You can win lane, but if the enemy also wins their own lane, then the game depends on who can use their advantage to have the largest impact. You both won, but who won lane harder?   2) Winning lane can be completely irrelevant. Toplane Darius can be up 15 cs and a kill, but that's kinda poor for a lane bully. Meanwhile, Karthus being behind 20 cs and a kill against a Zed really means he's doing pretty well for himself. Scaling champions are often bad early, so losing lane is to be expected.   3) Teammates may affect how a single game turns out, but if you're constantly winning lane and losing game, its probably something you're doing.
1	np! we wanted to make sure it didn't sound just like 'Robo-Replacement Phreak', and i already say 'yo / hella / y'all' a ton irl, so we just fit it in and rolled with it to make it obvious that this was a different voice.   real talk though, any/all feedback is in the name of improvement, so i don't take any offense! It's also good notes for the writers/editing squad who has to go over the pacing of things, as sometimes (most obviously in the final clip w/ zac pun), we space out the VO so you can soak in the action and pay attention without constant narration.
1	It's really dependent on the lane you are in, the champ you are laning against, and the champion you are playing. What I found to be helpful is to do a gradual progress. Start from scratch and do a custom game with no bots. Then, a custom game with a bot in bottom lane so you have practice with a champion in your lane. Then, co-op vs. AI where you have someone else in the lane and so on and so on. That's really just to get basics down. Knowing how your champion will function with abilities and auto-attacks is something that comes with time and practice. Knowing what your enemy is capable of (I.E. pushing/free farming/defending) is the same. Last hitting optimally is not something that can be learned in a couple of hours, it's all just repetition and knowledge of mechanics.
0	Your in the same place that I was for years.  The only revenge that you need is to focus on your weight loss goals.  When I finally realized that changing myself was all that mattered, all I cared about, I just busted fucking ass. I went from over 300lbs to 195 in just over a year.  Everything I did was healthy, no weight loss supplements or protein shakes, just exercize like a mother fucker and eating very specific.  Once I lost the weight the look on all those shitty people that poked fun over the years was so worth it.  I got the hot girlfriend and was able to truly start enjoying life. My before and after pictures are what keep me humble..
1	Ah can somebody make
0	Just for an FYI I am not a Walmart supporter or against them but I feel like this needs some more info.   I've worked for them for 4 years. I make about $13 an hr. If I worked harder and tried to move up it could be more. I get 2 weeks paid vaca, affordable health and dental care, a good 401k plan, stock purchase and flexible hours.   My store manager worked for the company for 15 years and moved up with hard work. No college education. Store managers salaries start at $95,000 a year. Bonuses can be up to % 110 of their salary. Co managers make anywhere from $75,000 to $90,000 not including bonuses and assistant managers make about $35,000 to $60,000.   For all the walmart hate, it's a company where if you don't, or even if you do have a college education, you can make a very good living and have great job security. It's very hard to get fired from.   Although I think they have a bad economic impact and I don't support them buying most products from China, it's not as bad of a company to work for as most ppl make it out to be
0	Yesterday, my Girlfriend was telling me how she was telling her mom about helping a friend of her out with his homework, and her mom asked "is he cute" and she said "why should it matter?" and she said "well, if he's cute, you should go out with him". "But mom, i'm with TheGameboy!" "well, he doesn't have to know." Her mother was suggesting she cheat on me. Leaves one to wonder why she's single (actually, not. she's mildly unpleasant)
1	Watch was never the problem within Sword though.   I'm gonna say this aand prepare my body for the downvotes, but I'm gonna say it; I honestly think that towards the end, the problem for Sword started being  EXPESSION!!  I know that everyone loves praising him everywhere, I do it too to an extent; He was amazing for a long time but in the end he struggled.   I attribute this to the fact that his main strength fell out of favour whch was carry toplaners; Toplaners no longer were able to carry like they were before, and Expession starting to decline (I attrbute that to his illness) didn't help one bit. Watch was caught with having to be at 3 places at the same time; Making sure PraY snowballs, or that he doesn't get curbstomped (Pray is pretty inconsistent from my observation), making sure Peng can hang, first OGN afterall, and trying to help Expession.
0	So I'm at my first work event. My company partners with another company in another town near us. We get together every month for company training and a potluck lunch.   I still didn't know anyone, so I sat with my boss and a couple other people I know from my office. My boss, of course, knows everyone and was introducing me to each person that came by our table.   Right before we were getting ready to eat, this couple comes by and I am introduced to them. This guy is a Co-worker of my boss at his other office and they're also pretty good friends. He introduces his wife to me and we exchange hullo's. My boss then takes a second to express how sad he was to hear that her father had recently passed, as he had recently lost his. She squints at him, confused, and says, "My Dad isn't dead..."   Now my boss is confused. "But, Dave (name changed) missed last Thursday and Friday to be with you for the funeral and..." Then he realized what was happening.   She shot Dave the most horrifying death stare and says that she needs to talk to him outside. They leave the room and we can hear them arguing outside. Eventually it turns into screaming and crying. It's tough to distinguish what was being said but at one point everyone had to hear her scream, "You were with HER again, weren't you."   Turns out he had been lying to everyone in order to meet with his girl on the side. He came back in without her and I overheard him talking with my boss.
0	I'll throw my two cents in. I think that anyone willing to die for a cause deserves a ton of credit. In that respect military members deserve a ton of respect because they knew they could potentially be harmed while fighting for a cause they truly believe in. Every time I see a service member in uniform, I make eye contact, give a head nod of respect and go about my business. On veterans day I took a few of my vet buddies out drinking, figured the day is important to them I might as well buy them a round.   All this said, I am strongly against joining the military. I don't believe in the cause. I enjoy my country but wouldn't die for it (I could honestly move to another country and be fairly content). I am not patriotic. I am anti-gun and anti-war. I LOATH movies about recent military activity (I think most of it is propaganda anyhow). I also feel that we, as a country, are ruining the lives of some of these soldiers by having them come back home with mountains of problems caused by combat, barely paying for the treatment, then turning around and glamorizing it to continue recruiting young men to fight and return with permanent problems.   So there is my root problem with using the word "Hero". We glamorize it, stamp it on billboard next to uniformed soldiers, and tell our youth that it is a truly heroic thing to do. My friends who served entered when they were young and to this day believe what they did was right, and I respect them for that and have no problem calling them "hero". I just hope that in sometime, maybe in our lifetime, the world will no longer need soldiers and that word "hero" will be used for the people who got us there (soldier or not).
1	They very well still might.   Riven has a number of problems that make her hard to balance and hard to judge   Hyper Carry : Riven is one of a very small number of "hyper" carries in league of legends, when Riven gets fed she can win games for her team by herself. The vast majority of champions in League can not do this. It creates a strange balance situation to be honest, if I go 5-0 with Renekton in lane, I can be a huge tank with big impact in team fights, but if my adc and apc are shit, I can still have a hard time winning the game. If I go 5-0 as Riven nobody on the other team will ever be able to 1v1 me and if I play team fights well I can instantly kill the other teams apc/adc, even if they are just as fed as me.   StrongSnowball : There are few things in the world as scary as seeing first blood go to the enemy riven, why? Because Riven is also one of the most snowball champions in the game. While all champions enjoy first blood very few can so instantly and completely win a lane once they get an advantage the way riven can. [Watch the first few minutes of this if you don't understand what I am talking about](   HighSkillCap : There are plenty of champions that are stronger than the "average" power level, because they are hard to play. This is a fun way to balance for sure, the only problem here is riven is probably one of the strongest high skill cap champions, while having one of the lower relative skill caps. Lee Sin and Syndra etc. are beasts who can do similar things, but neither one can hyper carry as hard because their kits are fundamentally harder to use AND weaker. Better CC, Better defensive ability, Riven has it all.   So what are Rivens weaknesses? Well they are not half as serious as people would like to have you think. Basically she is weak against targeted stuns and she has a few counter picks. Well all assassins are weak to targeted stuns, and as a riven player you should be watching for these abilities to go on cool down if possible, or if not just try to engage from a side of the fight where the other team does not have both CC and Dmg that can turn on you quickly.   This "weakness" to targeted stuns that all assassins have is her only real problem in team fights. She has amazing wave clear for a melee champion, and amazing split push as well as even having legitimate engage potential with flash stun, something almost no other melee assassin/bruisers can do as well as riven can. So this "weakness" really does not have teeth.   Next, people will say you can punish riven early, 2v1 or counter pick, but even this is kinda bull shit weakness and we saw why at BOTA. Even if riven falls behind in lane, very few top laners scale to six items as well as riven, at six items it does not matter how riven did in lane, she will Always be able to instant kill carries who bring one defensive item to the table.   You see the great secret to Riven, the dirty truth of it all, is that she does not have to win early, she has AMAZING scaling. Normally people think of this scaling as something you abuse off an early lead, but it also means you normalize and surpass people even if you lose lane to them, if they don't scale as well as you do.   Also honestly while there are picks that do well in lane vs riven, she does not have many hard counters in top lane, and while a mid with good CC can be a problem, that is only if the jungler ganks, and in a counter gank situation, riven almost always wins.   At the end of the day there are weaknesses to Riven, but they are far out weighed by strengths, some of which are hard to even quantify in game terms (like being a hyper carry) IMHO every champion has counter play, you can bait out any escapes before a gank, the fact that there are ways to possibly win lane against riven just means she is not GOD TIER UNBEATABLE it does not mean she is in a good place with her balance.   EDIT:
0	That's a tough one. I had a boyfriend who was... statutorily raped, I guess is the way to put it, by a 40-something female teacher when he was 16. Like any child molester she made him feel special, invited him over to her house for special study sessions because he was so "gifted," flattered him, pushed his boundaries until he was having a full-on sexual relationship with this woman that involved all kinds of kinky shit (and got him an A in a class he likely would have failed otherwise). We dated about five years later and he was pretty messed up in a whole lot of ways.  But the thing is, if said teacher had been a guy, it wouldn't have happened in the first place. If a male teacher had put the moves on him he would have freaked out, reported it to his parents, guy would have lost his job at the very least. But the fact that there was this whole societal narrative in the first place-- what a badass, fucking the teacher for an A!-- was a big part of why he submitted to it to begin with. And initially he was pretty proud, made for a good drinking story, and he was smug that he'd had all this "experience" that most young 20-somethings did not.  ... But then, after about a year after we started dating, it began to dawn on him that in fact  he'd been used, abused and manipulated by this woman, he was likely not the first or last of her class pets, he was not the conqueror. Then he became a full-blown raging alcoholic.
1	Take a moment and think where all this leads, there are more then a few comments out there that are PURE threats. We see them and delete them, while you guys hopefully sees less of them.   However this whole story has lead to some crazy shit just because we stand by our rule, does this mean we should change the rule, no, to me this just shows exactly WHY we have this rule, there has been death-threats aimed towards us in mod-mail and there are pitchforked raised out here in the community.   >The problem with above example is that the bully is /was vastly unknown and anonymous' named someone (assuming, with some evidence) in part of legal proceedings /news of the case. What we have here, is essentially the bully in broad daylight   The problem is the fact that even if the "bully" is known, people still tend to take rash decisions and I wouldn't think that one person alone is responsible for this mess, and even if there are evidence, we wont support the internet rage to spew up and end up in death-threats.   We have many reasonable members that can discuss and debate but there are always others lurking in the shadows. For YOU it might be a huge step to take from being angry to actually threaten people and then to actually DO something, for others the steps might not be that big. After all we are all humans and we act and behave diffrently.   >It is witch hunting to say "hey, these guys are assholes, let find where they live and burn his house down" which is totally out of context of "hey guys, own3d have been screwing me over, please dont fall to the same mistakes i made"   I agree on you there to some extent, you see, the comments escalated quite quickly and the main reason that the original thread got taken down wasn't based on the witch hunt part, it was based on personal information. Then when that was deleted it went totally mayhem, witch hunts for own3d and for us mods started to appear and the pitchforks turned to us.   Another thread to keep in mind when all this comes up:
1	It goes both ways, in that having a small champ pool means you only need a certain amount of rune pages, but also having a small amount of rune pages means there are certain champs you can't play efficiently to justify playing them. Having sub-optimal rune pages won't lose you a game, that's a dumb notion, but it does cause a higher chance of you losing the game, I don't think that can be argued.
0	drink water during the week. seriously people, i binge pretty hard on weekends but i almost never get hangovers. and when i do, they are a little headache that goes away within an hour of waking up after i drink some gatorade. stop drinking soda all week for every meal and then getting upset about hangovers.
1	I've actually had horrible luck with Fizzes. I'm a jungler, so maybe I'm a bit biased (Fizzes rarely leash at my level, even though any other player on any other champion will help at wolves/wraiths and with the actual leash.) They almost always have bad farm since they need to last hit every single minions, and even if they go positive, they tend to run to the 10/8/3 sort of area, which really isn't actually that helpful in a game.
1	All this really tells me is that Liandry's/Rylais is a good combo on her, something everyone already knew and built, sometimes even on support, and that Banner has added synergy with champions who create their own minions.   I get it, the spirit of the lizard elder lets her plants do true damage, but its not worth the 2k of the sink.  If the goal really is to make the plants hit hard then building straight AP will buff their damage.  More penetration in the form of abyssal and void staff or even just a rabadon's, I'd imagine (haven't looked at the numbers) give comparable plant damage while also buffing up her other abilities.
1	I respect TSM as a whole. They are a great team  competitively , but I really dislike how they did this Q&A section. Normally, most of their vlogs are informative, and give us an insight into their lives, and I felt respected as a fan and supporter. However, this farce of a Q&A section made me respect them less. Don't get me wrong, they're a fantastic team, however the antics that they produced made me feel like they didn't give 2 flying fucks about us. However, of all the team members, I definitely respect TheOddOne the most. He is definitely a team player, and by god, his tips are legendary.
1	In NA alone their are several adc's better than him.     Nientonsoh     Doublelift     Wildturtle       Imaqtpie and Aphro are I would say ROUGHLY even with Chaox which puts Chaox at 4th best NA at best. Add this to the fact that he is a shot-caller who had issues following others calls (Regi) means teams are going to be reluctant to pick him up. So TSM, CRS, DIG, and CLG are very unlikely to pick him up so that means moving. From what I have seen he doesn't have the skills needed to keep up on a top level asian team has the potential to win it's respective region. This leaves Europe, and really the only place I see Chaox getting a spot on a decent team. That being said I still don't think the chances are that good.
1	Everyone is going to punish for that, even if the person actually didn't feed on purpose. I had a game earlier today where I went 7/11/6 as Vayne, my support didn't do much better death wise. We got our asses kicked by a Thresh and Caitlyn, whom after the game when our team was yelling "Report bot", calmly said that we were just outplayed, and there really wasn't much we could have done after fb.   I'd really wish post-game chat would become part of tribunal cases, as in 90% of cases like the one I had, there is really no way to tell if I'm feeding on purpose, or just getting outplayed.
0	No way, i respectfully disagree. If my woman cheats on me i will blame one person - the woman. She was the one in the relationship, she was the one who betrayed someone's trust and carelessly and selfishly acted. Not the guy. The guys just a guy, they dont matter, as any (attractive) woman can cheat whenever they want, there will be guys lined up ready to sleep with them, thats just the reality of human nature. Thats why its the spouse's responsibility 100% - they are the one cheating, not any of the multitude of men looking for action regardless of a womans relationship status.
0	Yeah, not everyone lives at home like you son. Some of us have moved out a long time ago.   Yeah,  (N)ot everyone lives at home like you(,) son. Some of us  have  moved out a long time ago.   FTFY kid lol   You must be new to le reddit army, fresh meat if you will (or rather   fresh bacon  lol). It's okay, I like breaking the n00biez in.   Now comes my favorite part.  You see friend at reddit there is a tool. It's called the upvote button. (This tool has a counterpart which we will get to later.) You see the upvote button is kinda like the "like" button on Facebook. (which I'm guessing for your incredibly thoughtful response, you are very familiar with.) Now let me tell you a little difference between reddit and your Facebook. The upvote button has a symbiotic relationship (almost yin yang) with its opposite. The Downvote button. It's pretty much how to show the guy or gal posting above you anywhere from "hey I don't agree with that statement" all the way up to "go die in a fire you insufferable shit" (in this case it's the latter) Beautiful concept huh? So maybe take it back to Facebook or you will suffer for not stopping yourself before posting mindless rants in the comment section.
0	The boy is happy to eat a hamburger.  He dreams about making the hamburger.  But he knows he has to do good in school.  As he concentrates on his schoolwork, the vision or reality of the dream sadly slips away.  In the end, even though he is a "succesful astronaut," he is sad because he just wants to be the burger flipper.
1	I don't think Dyrus has ever beaten Wickd in top lane. His only hope would be to get carried, and TheOddOne and Regi are not better enough than Snoopeh and Froggen, respectively, to carry him.
1	We all know that they are probably working hard, but how come for minor issues(48 hours or less) other servers get free stuff? Information on the issues that they have had. And then we get to EUW, bug out the game for x-amount of weeks and, tell the community squat and give nothing.
1	I actually had it help me in one of my promos - I'd just made a great cross-map escape from four of the enemies and renekton had just revived.  He ran down into all four of them so I could finish making it away and I cast the wall to trap the enemies in the jungle.  I messed up the cast and Renekton was on the other side of it with the four angry enemies, but he just wriggled through it while they couldn't.
0	The USA is culturally dominant   The movies, TV, music etc has defined the world's visual, psychological and therefore to a surprisingly large extent, its moral narrative since the mid twentieth century.   The USA is losing its grip on this monopolisation of the global cultural narrative because of the internet allowing a multiplicity of cultural voices, the incorporation of the values espoused by a US narrative folding into the narrative of new generations of Europeans and Asians etc. as well as the cultural inertia now that the US icons are no longer the new kids on the cultural block but must become guardians of the status quo. Everything in the 1950s USA had the exciting prospect of cultural innovation that Apple has. Cars, clothes, manufacturing, Hollywood. For the USA and the world. That emotion is gone. The shared promise of enrichment is gone. Instead, the heads of the corporations moved their workforces overseas. The USA remains the loudest, and the drive and energy still remains an inspiration to the globe, but only in pockets such as Silicon Valley, and these pockets, as in the fifties, are driven by hungry migrants and children of migrants with everything to gain.  The USA has uniquely strange cultural traits which were pointed out by Kurt Vonnegut in Sloughterhouse Five. Most countries praise their poor, whereas US culture only has disdain for their poor, makes them feel guilty and worthless. So richness, greed, aggression are the points of pride that make the most noise and define the American persona on the world stage, while the statistical reality of its shrinking economy, crumbling infrastructure, desparate loneliness, insensitivity to each other and other massive problems which other nations try to eradicate,  are driven into a shamed silence.
0	Unless you're filing for bankruptcy, then dress as shitty as possible (possibly not bathing for a few days), but still be polite. You want to look as destitute as possible so your bankruptcy will be granted.
1	Write a ticket in to support with a very detailed description of what is going on, and specifically mention you need 'Technical Support'. I know it is a valiant attempt to get an easy fix for this from this subreddit, but writing in a ticket would be best in the long run. Not only so the Rioters can fix your problem, but also so they can become aware of such issues if it is a bigger issue than imagined.
1	I play Olaf most at top lane and/or jungle. I play Kog as AD Carry, but I can play him mid. Soraka is my main support. I pretty much suck with the others, with the slight exception of Nunu, who I am just now learning to play. My only mid that I am good at is Heim...but I don't do that ranked. I really never play mid in ranked. I need to practice that much much more often.
1	He synergizes  better with flat AD. He actually always had, but the fact that his passive functions like a triforce is a "noob trap" that tricks people into thinking there would be increased synergy with triforce.   When you use your passive with a triforce, it only uses spell blade on the first passive hit, and the second hit is it's normal damage. Let's say we're comparing this vs rushing an ie/bt. Triforce gives 30 ad plus the passive, which is a fair amount, let's say an average 70ish bonus damage. The bf item will give you 80, but you get the full value on both hits(scaled by his passive of course). So it's a small but in the favor of the triforce early on for passive+spell blade hits, but regular autos and q scale much better with flat ad and crit. Due to the nature of his passive Lucian is a rare adc champion that doesn't have to build attack speed if he doesn't want to. If you look back at Lucian at the hight of his power, Reckless was building ghost blade lw lucidity boots and all the bf items.   The
1	I just want to get into Gold. Instead, i've managed to fail my S2>S1 promo series 11 times in a row. Not saying none of the loses are my fault(25-30%) but god damn something has to give sometime soon. The amount of frustration is just unbearable considering i went from S5>S2 without losing a single promo game.   After the 7th series lose, where i somehow managed to luck into 4 loses in a best of 3, i should have just stopped playing. For those wondering it went like this; Loss, Loss Forgiven, Win, Loss Forgiven, Loss. 2nd game i got trolled by some douchebag who, on lolking, had lost ~400 elo, and game 4 i had someone who never connected.   On top of that i haven't been able to play for weeks because i've had to deal with troubleshooting my computer and then ultimately RMA'ing my graphics card, which i won't be getting until Friday at the earliest.
1	Replay system should be in release, 4 years after it's still being done by a third-party, FOUR years and you still believe they are "working on it"?   The maps are unbalanced because Riot has said in the past that it is hard to balance champs for all maps, so they just don't..   You say it's a free game, but if I enter LoL right now, can I pick any champion I want to counter-pick the enemy? No.   In Dota2, can I pick any hero I want out of the pool? Yes.   Do I need to farm 150+ games to be able to play matchmaking? No.   PS: Riot has more employees than Valve, and not everyone at Valve works on one game, meaning less people are involved in Dota2 than there are people involved in LoL, so how come it takes 4 years for something as crucial to the competitive scene as replays, save feature and a working spectator system?   It should be the first thing on their list.   PS2: Riot is owned by Tencent, don't tell me they would go under if they were 100% free, Valve is making money as fuck on a 100% free game so why can't Riot?
1	If Chroma packs required any code it was a couple lines to change the skin-select UI. Unless Riot's code is crap, nerfs don't require any programming either. Meanwhile, game features require server code, client code, and extensive testing. All 3 of those things you said are handled by different groups of people and entirely unrelated to the others. Art developed chroma packs, balance nerfed Teemo, and programmers are working on game-features. Programmers have most likely already built tools to allow the game designers and artists to make changes on things like skins and balance without requiring new code and even the ability-reworks largely use pre-existing mechanics.
1	If the kill is not guaranteed by another member of your team ->   take the kill. Getting an xp/cs advantage for your adc is worth it.   If the kill IS guaranteed by your adc or roaming jng/mid - yes, there is such a thing as a "KS" but I don't think that's the appropriate term.   Stealing implies a conscious decision - often, supports take kills out of benign ignorance by not understanding that the kill has been secured and they can pull off.
0	First off, I have nobody to talk to.  Honestly, nobody but one individual (who doesn't want to talk about it) can help because there's way too much info to take in (a therapist could probably help but hasn't been available recently).   I just vented to myself.  I would sit there and go over what I was feeling, spilling out everything that came to mind, just to get it out of my system.  It helped a lot because otherwise I would have all of these built-up feelings that would really keep me down.  I felt calm after my vents and clear-minded.  And then just two days ago  (I think) , I began recording myself when I vented.  Because of that, I felt obligated to go into detail about exactly what I was feeling.  I stopped being extremely repetitive in what I was saying and began to stop sobbing constantly (though I did still cry here and there, but not  nearly  as much).  I had to use my brain, come up with a sentence, and spit it out like I was telling a story to somebody.  These recordings (3 in total so far) all last just over an hour each.  I then later listen to them like a podcast, examining every second, going over to myself how I was feeling at that time and why.   Another little way I helped myself was try to get back in contact with a friend of mine that I hadn't seen in over a year.  I ended up inviting her to come over to where I was and we ended up having a really fun time catching up with one another's lives.  I was in a happy mood and we plan to meet up again before she takes off for college in a few weeks.
1	I can't say I've never made a mistake that I knowingly knew was wrong, so all I've got to say is, good on your part for refunding the donations (if it's true, I didn't bother to click your links) and apologizing.   Second, I just read your
1	That really doesn't make it serious. I've said it before, this is the internet. I'm going to fucking kill you if you don't agree.   That was a death threat, are you afraid that I'm legitimately going to kill you? No and you shouldn't be. Anyone can make empty threats via the internet's anonymity.   Furthermore, I don't understand how you can disagree with his point that it's a terrible double standard to kick a regular poster who says the same thing a mod does. If anything the mod should be removed. It's significantly worse that a role model, or a person in power is saying these things. They're far more influential and are getting away with it because of their power.
1	I played on 8 different accounts on both euw and eun, from my own experience i can tell, that your selection at the very beginning when you just logged into a new lvl 1 account has huge impact on the kind people you are matched with. I played on 3 accounts where i selected beginner and i was matched with some smurfs but mostly real beginners. But when i selected MOBA veteran or w/e the "highest" selection is called, i was matched almost exclusively with and against smurfs. Now at lvl 21, i'd guess that 9/10 players in a game are smurfs, but i have no idea if normal elo etc. already kicks in below lvl 30 (got a fairly high winrate).
0	I agree completely. I think it's a great show and it certainly pioneered the extremely graphic/zombie genre, but the most watch series on TV? Come on. In addition, the whole reason that I liked watching it is because it was enjoyable to watch some people blow the heads off zombies. I'm not even a violent, "YEAH ZOMBIES!!!" person, there was just something fascinating about a zombie apocalypse, and many others feel the same way, as shown by the shows popularity. Now that the biggest problems are other people, congratulations, you now have a cast of two-dimensional characters and shitty plotlines with the only redeemable aspect being the realistic effects. Instead of the Walking Dead, I'll go watch Breaking Bad or Game of Thrones. The only reason the Walking Dead is even in the same paragraph as those other two shows (which are both excellent btw, you should check them out if you haven't already) is because it was incredibly unique.
1	i'm expecting it   but it's k, i reached my top elo this season and i'm rather proud   could have easily paid yang $300 for a plat elo job but i decided to do that shit myself   and oh, to put the icing on the cake, it was on a smurf... my main account got banned for 'report abuse' aka banned in a desperate attempt to restore faith in tribunal
1	Honestly i've not been a fan of elementz, I've felt that hes far more talk than actual good play. I'm not a saint fan either if thats what you're thinking. I felt that elementz really hasn't been in the top supports since last year around dreamhack, even then he was maybe in the top 5 or so supports, he never had that like status that right no like gosu pepper, krepo, xpecial or chauster have. That last series was the only time when i've seen him in the past year or so when i'm like "damn, thats actually some really impressive play."   If he keeps it up he could totally be one of the better supports in the world honestly. I feel like he is more willing than other supports to try strange things, he definitly had good calls with fiddle support. Its a gimmick ultimatly, but hey, he played it perfectly, and I could totally see him pulling out stuff like that at regionals where randomly hes just like "BOOM i'm playing zil support!" throwing bombs on a graves or something with a lot of early armor and just putting every other bot lane out of their comfort zone. Fiddle was played well enough that xpecial and chaox just didn't know how to respond or play around it.
1	If I remember right awhile back someone said Popular streamers actually lose revenue when they stop streaming to prepare or take part in a tournament.   Think it was somewhere in a Hotshotgg thread a long time ago. I haven't been keeping up with much of League in the past few months but wouldn't it be more profitable just to keep the entertaining streams up as much as possible?   Keep up the random rage and entertainment value of their streams. Increase and Stabilize their viewer counts. Then just make money out of a Tourny setting.   I think if everyone didn't live together their streams would be less interesting. They might win tournaments no doubt, with the breathe of fresh air from being away from each other, but wouldn't they lose more money than gain, from the lack luster stream content?   I don't know just talking out my ass about shit I don't even know completely.   Get it? Ass, Shit...... Yeah!
1	this example is really old, but I believe mlg summer 2012 round robin, the tsm vs blaze games tsm was insanely far behind but was still winning team fights. I think its more or less they have better reaction times and plans to initiate the fights but many NA teams are on a similar level positioning and communication wise Another issue is you see the lcs and challenger  matches every week so you get used to the kind of actionthese games have but you only see some of the very best by the Koreans etc This also means its easier for them to study our teams although its getting better
0	Yes those outlets exist for adults but that doesn't mean having the social skills to deal with someone that is being an ass isn't still valuable. The problem today is the term "bullying" is used too loosely. I don't think anyone would argue that if a kid's health or personal well being is in danger the kid just needs to "suck it up" and learn to deal with it. That's not what anyone is saying. The problem is when little Johnny goes home and tells his parents that Jimmy kept calling him names on the playground. Then the parents storm into the school demanding resolution.
0	I had a teacher that did something like this when I was a kid. She handed out an assignment, and told us the first kid to finish it would be the 'winner of the day', or something like that.   The assignment was a list of 20 tasks. #1 was "read all instructions carefully before beginning and make sure you fully understand them!"...the rest were little dumb things like "draw three squares in the top-left corner of the page", "stand up and circle your desk five times" and "yell out 'I am the best test-taker in the class!'"   Everyone was racing to finish the thing first, yelling out random shit, writing furiously, running around - myself included. And then, one by one, we got to #20: "Ignore #2 to #19. Sign your name to the test, quietly place it on my desk, and return to your seat."   None of us won. We felt like a bunch of tards, but I DID learn something important that day, and never forgot it.
0	Why are you eating out without money for a tip?   If you do have the money, why care so much about spending it on a tip? Is the server's life SO important to you that you feel compelled to 'teach them a lesson'?   Seems to me like what this is all about for you is nothing more than an exercise of power because you lack some in your own life. Grow up and stop giving a shit and maybe things will change.   On a final note, if you were to receive bad service and still tip that server would undoubtedly treat you much better the next time you came in. For one thing it shows that you have compassion for people who work stressful jobs. Additionally it demonstrates your capacity for self-control and reason, since not tipping someone is like a show of dominance over a fellow human being.
0	I'm one of those people who say that, and every time I hurt someone I feel terrible. I don't think it's a huge problem in my life because I am productive and generally happy on my own, but I don't have the basic skills to be in a relationship long term.   This is just something I'm working out as I grow in life, and I prefer to tell people ahead of time that I'm a very volatile personality when people get close to me, that I'm extremely introverted and non-committal, that I don't subscribe to traditional roles or structures that society trains us to follow. I like to experience life and when I start to feel stagnant I summon change. I hate the idea of seeing the same people every day, waking up at the same time in the same bed, or eating the same food.   Some people think that to be a call to arms, or that I need rescuing, or that I'm looking for that woman who's gonna do a montage and make me into a better man. Live your life, and let people live theirs, don't try to change people because humans are elusive creatures of habit and you'll spend your life chasing smoke as you get older and older.   My MO is just not to engage in anything that has a subtext of "let's start something together". It takes so much energy out of me and in the end I always leave with a little piece of myself missing.
1	To me, pre jungle rework, tiger stance was deffinately the way to go. you cleared the golem faster (single target meaning, not the camp) and you also had insane amounts of burst with the tiger activation, once you got madreds it became nearly impossible for someone to 1v1 you (unless it was a farmed Nasus)   More recently, with the rework ive been running pheonix stance, it works hella efficiently, and inplace of wriggles you get wits as first item.  so when you have red, pheonix, and wits procing, you're doing alllll that damage ontop of basic attack damage. it gets pretty intense. Udyr is just a very strong champion when played effectively, tiger stance is best used when you know you're gonna have alot of 1v1 scenarios (but who can ever really judge that) other than that, pheonix will be your best bet for clearing the jungle in a timely fashion
1	The "I don't like support so I don't need to learn how to play it" attitude is a plague on LoL. What people don't understand is that bot lane is won and lost by the supports not the ADC. The absolute best support to play if you are just learning the role is Taric. He is a support with the ability to go all in and make plays or keep you on life support if you have to play from behind. Lets also not forget the point and click stun which is HUGE when it comes to getting help from a jungler, peeling for your adc in teamfights, catching someone out of position in the pre-fight dance or locking down that annoying katarina that just jumped into your entire team. Next we have wards and map control. Honestly I feel that spamming wards and providing map control to your team outweighs just about all big item buys with the exception of Bulwark (If your jungler is not going to be building it. COMMUNICATE WITH HIM and figure out if its going to be your responsibility!!) Often times in games where I am supporting my build will be philo->either dorans shield if behind or kage's if ahead-> boots/sightstone-> rubystone+mobies and then bulwark if needed but tbh you wont often finish that unless you are really far ahead anyways. Now the important thing is to keep a potion or two and atleast one pink and a green on you at pretty much ALL TIMES during the game. If I go back and cannot afford a component that is going to give me a substantial survivability increase then I am going to spend that 200-300g on wards and a potion or two EVEN IF I HAVE SIGHTSTONE. Keeping a gank route open for your jungler is key if you want to get those all important ganks that lanes tend to cry about also DRAGON CONTROL, DRAGON CONTROL, DRAGON CONTROL!! I stress that because its crucial for you to assist your jungler in keeping sight if not vision on dragon. Often times if you have someone like Vi jungling for you they can sneak that dragon pretty early as long as you have it pinked for them. As the game progresses it becomes paramount that you maintain map control and this is accomplished by spending more on wards and if you feel its safe an oracles is a huge HUGE help as it denies control from the enemy. Finally combat warding is very important. What I mean by combat warding is placing wards in brush that the enemy is trying to use to break vision on you while fighting. Say you are involved in a skirmish near dragon and the enemy tries to run towards blue tri and you + your allies are hot on the trail. Place a ward in tri as soon as you have range so that your teammates can see what they are doing and make a play on it. Since the introduction of sightstone this has become an excellent but underused tactic. Those wards are free guys, spam them during fights because fk it you can just place the ones you spent right back where they were after you have won the fight.   Finally since I see so many of you having issues with junglers not ganking your lanes. You need to keep in mind that a good jungler is going to gank where he sees the highest probability of a successful kill. If you are bot lane and you have not been warding, you don't know where their wards are, you don't have atleast one gank route pinked for him, you are playing a support that brings nothing to assist with ganks ( cough  soraka  cough ) or you rely on him to initiate a gank that jungler is going to steer well clear of your lane. ESPECIALLY if you are feeding. There is no point in trying to save a sinking ship not when you could get your solos rolling instead.   edit: holy shit sorry for the wall of text.
0	I read the whole rant, and agree with you on several things.   However your perception of the military lifestyle are a bit off.  My husband isn't deployed and has been at work for 17 hours.  This is the norm.  We've calculated before, and he's making less than minimum wage (not counting insurance).   It's getting harder and harder to stay in long enough to rate retirement.  Didn't get promoted because your mos is slow to promote? Out.  Can't make weight (even though you've been in 10 years)? Out.   There's some issues with housing as well.  The last base housing we were at was built on a landfill. We're currently living in on base housing that was condemned, and has several mold problems. The next base we're moving has settled lawsuits because of the housing conditions and health risks.   The military has decided to give DOD employees 22 days off in the next 5 months, including the teachers to cut costs.  My children's school will most likely be cancelled.
1	The problem with summer spells is the same problem there always was...   You can only counter flash with flash and sometimes getting away is only POSSIBLE with flash. So when the game lends itself to being passive and farm-based the best defensive ability possible will always rule. The bonus being that flash is also great for offense if you can afford to use it.   As for the 2nd summoner choice, its mostly silver bullets. Obviously you need a smite for jungling, and clair for your support. You want at least 1 exaust to help with particular carries and an ignite to help with sustain heroes, vamp stacking etc. This really only leaves one summoner spell open on your team. Since the last slot is usually the top player and most of the early team fights are going to happen at dragon, teleport ends up being a very popular option. For a while this spell changed from game to game, but ever since dreamhack and epic irelia joining team fights teleport has solidified itself in top lane.   There would be no way for any other summoner spells to really come into play. They are relooking at jungling, and although it will slow down the jungle speed, its possible certain junglers could run without smite. This could allow clairvoyance on the jungler, freeing up the support. Or allow the jungler to get exuast to help with ganks. If something like this occurs it is possible that a new summoner ability might be viable.
1	It doesn't work that way already because Riot didn't change their matchmaking, which while not perfect is the best system available for a randomized team environment. They just slapped a separate system over the top for a perceptual change to make people feel "better" about being in the lower tiers. That system is also not perfect, but psychologically beneficial for the majority of players, small goals rather than huge climb ladder.   The disconnect between the slapped on top league/division system from the MMR/ELO system exists because of the promo series system and how its hard to "climb" when you're accurately matched MMR wise, but not at what is considered the appropriate tier for that MMR.   This is mostly a problem for "old" accounts, new aka "smurf" accounts don't have a real MMR background   An absolutely huge example would be the absolute shit storm that was occurring for the S4 placements on a grand scale with the soft MMR reset wreaking absolute hell on the top end. People were facing off against players they normally played against while trying to carry people up to two tiers lower than themselves which had predictable results, loss streaks plummeting the accounts' tier/division standing while maintaining their MMR.   Compare that to how the smurf accounts just blaze through due to having no MMR history, they play accurate to division players and climb past them to place appropriately.   It can even out over time, because yes, people get win streaks against their accurate MMR. I, for example with one account, didn't have the time to invest in playing five hundred some odd games to make the statistical eventuality play out for my account. Not when "smurfing" would allow me to achieve the same result quicker than going for promo Silver to Gold for the ninth time; against Plat players when the smurf could do promos against the same division as it was ranked. (And lol about my duo account with my brother, permanently red flagged for matches with toxic trolls it appears)
1	Smartcasts aren't so accurate and even the pro's play champions that they aren't 100% comfortable with. And because of that you can't expect to know what the range is exactly for example on max range. I personally use shift to smartcast if i'm sure i'll hit with the spell. But if I need to hit a spell like cho's or naut's Q I really prefer not smartcasting to be more accurate.
1	I'm referring to 07/08...wow so long already... I will say there were/are some good people in the group; not all but  at least  some.Their goal was an admirable one, if a bit...attention seeking and hypocritically abrasive pre-H2O. I remember hearing back then, they pretty much looked for an excuse to plug themselves and attack guys, and aside from the sister founders...most of them couldn't back up what they said. H2O eventually came about, and it stopped being 'girl only' and started being 'girl focused'. Became more tolerant, improved their attitudes, and IMO honestly started getting better. They started proving PMS' goal; the husbands, friends, and boyfriends COULD sit in back or in co-ed supporting the girls and helping them, and the girls would be able to kick ass 'out there on the field'.   Actions I'm referring about are mostly about my experiences with PMS/H2O and after keeping up on Frag dolls occasionally. There's more than a few incidents where it was recorded/reported that frag doll members would challenge other people, ironically mostly women who DIDN'T play games often much less competitively, to some casual or semi casual game...and then whoop their ass(es) and often times talk smack about it afterwards (Always found it ironic that for a group so focused on 'showing how good girls can game', they seemed to mostly beat girls in non-tournament and/or 'casual' matches...)   There's one vid I remember a few years back...some frag dolls got some booth babes from a game con together, and utterly whooped babe's asses, most of whom had NEVER played a video game before, aside from one who said she'd played SNES so... IIRC was a TMNT fighter or some such on wii...Afterwards the frag doll who was I guess 'interviewed' or asked about it said something to the effect of 'Yeah they tried valiantly...but they were terrible. We kicked their ass.' All I thought was 'no shit ya kicked their ass they don't game, competitively or otherwise', and in my experiences watching, seeing, and sometimes playing against frag dolls...that's the attitude almost all of them employ.   And honestly? Frag dolls are old news. They haven't won, placed in, or been seen in a tournament (At least not for placing or in any remotely 'high' or notable position that I can find) in 5 years. They haven't won 1st place in 7. IMO they've now become purely a group of promotional publicity game babes, the very thing they strove to say they weren't. They're the epitome of groups that brand themselves 'girl gamer groups'; Short competitive careers, big talk, out for attention. PMS/H2O has done, as far as I know, far better in competitive placements than Fragdolls, and many other groups with a female focus have done fine as well, and most of them without calling themselves 'girl gamers' or a 'girl gamer group'.   There's also my own personal experiences with PMS/H2O on the PC CoD4 Co-ed division...but that can actually be summed up without a long explanation; Rumoured relationship betrayal, lying, and backstabbing. Was bad enough that some/most recruits n most of the 'veteran' co-ed members left and formed their own group...which kind of fell apart by itself but w/e
1	I'm just gonna guess that you are probably playing Ezreal, like everyone else is. This iswhat I see every other game with Ez players: While he can be ridiculus in lane because of his strong poke, burst and easy escapes, exactly those attributes often lead to horrible teamfights. Hitting your skillshots and arcane shifting around might be perfectly fine in lane, but in teamfight you need to AUTO ATTACK the shit out of everyone who comes near you, or you just won't put out enough damage to make a difference. Somehow many people fail to realise this. Not to mention that an arcane shift at at the last second won't stop the enemy team from collapsing onto you anymore after laning phase has ended, even if you're 5/0. I'd suggest switching to another ADC to get a better feeling for making an impact. While I personally prefer winning games and at the same time impress them by being the most beautiful butterfly on summoners rift, I'd suggest maybe giving Miss Fortune a try. She can be even more dominating during laning and you'll probably get a better feeling for teamfights. This, of course, is only my own opinion as your average euw gold-elo player.
1	Mundo: MASSIVE spamable slow and he can literally just run up to champs with his ult Darius: so what do you call the space between him and his opponent when you e? Garen: also can run up to people with that massive movement speed buff Cho: he has 2 cc's that aren't that hard to land. After knock up, just walk up to them? Gangplank: great imitation like cho since his ult is a massive slow. Also you can't call him a tank with no gap closer since no one has built him tank since like season 2 Singed: same running concept as Garen and Mundo and he even has a massive slow Gallio: Press R. They walk towards you to "close the gap". Also if he were to have a gap closer, he can just jump literally into a team and press R for like a 5 man ult. That would be broken Sejuani: what do you call that dash? And one of the best initiates
1	the thing is, the attributes riot provide is only a guideline. The fact that you can build anything on any champ is (one of the reasons) what makes this game so innovative, if you think it might work (because scalings arent too bad, or how well the skills synergizes together). go try it!   Champions like kennen and ahri were originally designed to be AP carry mids, but instead were built by someone to be AD carries and it actually wasnt too bad.
1	Exactly, I thought the same: This is why I suggested a different thing to do for the animators that are working on the sunfire cape right now, because it doesn't need any work at the moment. Maybe they can polish up Zhonya's or something.
1	I've actually taken a long break from the game and am straight up thinking of quitting. I know this is the ELO hell argument but the utter lack of progression because people lucked out and are ranked a lot higher than they should be is frustrating to me.   I am silver V, I worked my ass off to get to silver V after losing all 10 games of my placement matches. Suffice to say I started ranked way too early. That being said, I am silver V 0 LP after having been in promo series' 4 times.   Ragers, flamers, downers and people in silver who should, really, be mid bronze are what frustrate me. I will never be mad over losing a game where I can say to myself "Wow, I really got outplayed". The games that make me mad are games where my lane and I are 2-2  but top and mid are 0-5 and 0-3 respectively. There's no winning that, no matter how well I play. It's over.   Then you have the tryhards who hit no because "We can totally turn this 7-26 game guys, they're only outfarming us by 400 collectively. I'm gonna press no to this surrender."   Yeah, this game's community is either bad or trash, in silver, for the most part. Only games I can actually win is where I snowball my lane because my opponent is bad/got counter picked (snowballs in bot lane rarely happen if I'm against another team that's reasonably competent, never said I was particularly amazing.)
1	What is the UI skin you are using, and how can I get it?   On topic - check out this thread
1	there's different ways to play gragas atm, this was meant to split and wave clear, ong's is meant for kill pressure ant teamfighting, like, going ham and kill a squishy. Dyrus did pretty well, TSM just got outscaled and didn't recognized their momentum or capitalized on it (b4 yasuo's 3rd item) forzing objectives
1	When you start playing ranked, don't just hug the meta, play what you feel good with and what you enjoy, trying to play only some champs that are "op" is senseless in silver/gold and might lead to picking them without real knowledge why are they so good. Just find 2/3 champs for each role that don't have a 50% ban rate and play them to the max, do not care if they're meta or not.   Stomping with offpicks is really easy in silver (especially because some enemies don't know how certain offmeta champs like galio, quinn work), totally easier than jumping on the meta train, at least that's how it works for me.
1	Hey guys,   We’ve been talking to players about how they feel about pricing for a while now – we’ve talked with you on the forums, ran surveys, met with some of you in person, and listened to your feedback.   As a result of those conversations, we’re making some changes to champion pricing aimed at generally lowering champion prices and making it easier for you to add to your champion collection. This plan will involve immediate and ongoing reductions of IP and RP prices of older champions, as well as increasing the time you have to earn IP between champion releases.   We will also be slightly increasing the first-week IP price of new champions to partially offset lower overall prices.   Here’s the plan, which is being implemented immediately:   New Champion Release Schedule   You may have already noticed the rate at which we’ve been releasing champions has slowed. Moving forward, we’re targeting 14-17 new champions in 2013 -- around one every 3-4 weeks. This gives you more time to accumulate IP between champion releases, and it enables our design team to spend more time developing and polishing each new champion.   RP and IP Price Tiers   We’ve also updated the RP cost of champions so that that they’re more strongly correlated with the IP price. RP costs now match IP cost accordingly:   450 IP = 260 RP 1350 IP = 585 RP 3150 IP = 790 RP 4800 IP = 880 RP 6300 IP = 975 RP 7800 IP (first week) = 975 RP   Immediate Price Reductions   The seven oldest 6300 IP champions (Ezreal, Vladimir, Renekton, Nocturne, Lee Sin, Brand and Vayne) have all been reduced to 4800 IP/880 RP. As with all permanent price reductions, we’ll automatically refund the difference for anyone who’s purchased one of these champions up to two weeks prior to today.   Price Reduction Schedule   Every time a new champion is released, the oldest 6300 IP/975 RP champion will be reduced to 4800 IP/880 RP.   Also, with every third champion release, an additional champion currently priced at 4800 IP or lower will be reduced to the next lowest tier, based on age and ease of play.   New Champion First-Week IP Price   All brand-new champions will cost 7800 IP/975 RP for the first week only, and will be reduced to 6300 IP thereafter.
1	I personally practice in normal games because I feel that you really don't get the full experience in customs. Bots aren't like people and therefore won't give you the same matchup and in turn I just feel like I'm wasting my time in normals.
0	Otherwise, you're going to have to be more creative in your sales pitch.   And then people get offended when you are "more creative", because now you are manipulating them.
1	There are reasons behind the banning of the champions you mentioned, well except Annie and Singed to some extent. And even though one can beat them in a straight 1v1 matchup with certain heroes, the problem is they will have overall more utility/power throughout the game than most of the other alternatives that you have for the same role, and therefore have better chances at winning lanes and/or games.   You can let a specific champion open if you know you can counter him and play accordingly. But if you just let a good champion open and lose because the other team first picked him, than maybe your bans choices were not adapted to the situation.
1	You didn't even say mid, your mentality is so wrong it's like what? "Oh even if I did call mid which I didn't do they might have picked it anyways, so there's no need to call it."   So I'm just going to go pick something and expect everyone to just know where I'm going, then not back down because that's what the trolls who I refuse to communicate with expect of me.
1	Top lane Kha'Zix plays similar to an assassin Rengar, although I don't know how effective it is after all the Q nerfs and the ult nerf. Full damage Xin Zhao works similarly damage-wise and with the fact they both have really safe engages with Rengar's jump and Xin Zhao's jump both being point and click, but Xin is much shorter range with his engage. You could try Talon top lane, it's really weak in lane but outside of lane it does pretty much the same thing as Rengar. Damage Lee Sin and Riven both also blow up squishies, but both of them don't have the reliable engages like Xin or Rengar. Akali is also really bursty and has a safe engage, but again her laning phase is pretty weak. Feel free to add me in game if you want, I love talking theorycraft and the like. IGN is UnheardMarksman.
1	Sorry to burst your bubble but they would never do this. Part of the SRU was the effect at the beginning of a game where all of your team mates pop in with the light beams. It's a cool way for the game starting to feel more epic, rather than five mythical heroes just being there.
1	with cho'gath any matchup depends  very heavily  on how reliably he can land his rupture.   renekton can actually dodge the Q fairly easily if slice and dice is up, if cho tires to open a trade with it and rene jumps on him he's gunna take some hurt.   cho's pretty squishy early so he has to be careful against someone like renekton but it won't take long for cho to get to the point where he can kinda just sit there and AFK farm, as long as you don't give up early kills.
0	I've been driving a manual for years and I have always rolled backwards when starting on a hill. Its absurd to believe someone can move from the brake to the accelerator fast enough to prevent the car from rolling. Especially on my Mustang where everything is mechanical and old and it takes a certain finesse to quickly and accurately come up to revs and let the clutch out without over or under doing it. Using the handbrake is unnecessary and attempts to fix something that isn't a problem in the first place.
1	I consider math to be a tool that helps us understand situations well. My math may have been very off, as you previously stated. No matter how far off my math was, it doesn't change my point. You said in your OP (I just re-read it) that you shouldn't be hitting minions if you're OOM. I said that there are situations that you SHOULD be hitting minions if you're OOM (this was a premise I put forth in my argument since my first post), and in some circumstances it is in fact a very good idea.   My "maths" aren't the issue here, by any means. I was simply attempting to demonstrate that the mana gained is significant, and I made a bad estimate that was nonetheless close enough to the truth for the purpose of the argument I was making.
0	Its not that simple. To get that to happen you have to go back to the court and get them served for not paying.   Provided the officer can track them down and serve them a subpoena, you'll have to go back to court again the date of their summons. At this point the defendant can opt to pay in 30 days, or go back to court yet again with their financial records, where the judge will set a payment plan he determines they can afford.
1	your the one who is correct. everyone else in this thread doesn't know what they are saying. it is true that malphite misjudged the range. and it is true that regardless of the charm or not, he would not have hit anything. HOWEVER, malphite's ult animation does show after it hits, whether or not it hits anything. that is clearly not shown in the video that you posted, simply because his ult never landed due to being charmed by the ahri.
0	People want things relevant to themselves is the only takeaway from interests; do you facilitate me, do you comprehend me being passionate about the things I like, and are you capable of appreciating me talking about and doing and achieving them?
0	Jesus Christ, I hate it when this bullshit starts. First a funny picture, then some text over it. That is all perfectly acceptable. Then, someone starts pushing it with new text....then people start ripping the top comments from the last post and flood us with this unoriginal bullshit.
1	Veigar is a champion working essentially around his ultimate, once his ultimate is down, assuming he killed an enemy with it the teamfight starts beeing essentially a 4v4, as his W and E also have a very big cooldown, and his Q damage is not that high, its his lowest hitting spell.   On the otherhard, Syndra reloves around distruption with her R>E combo, seriously just get 3 orbs down, ult and E. If you are level 18 everyone close to you is stunned, because there where 8 orbs flying around stunning people. Also her damage is much more going on around her Q and W which are on a low cooldown.
1	Oh, sorry, I misunderstood your question.   Ok so what are Vayne's strengths? Attack Speed, mobility and life steal.   What are Vayne's weaknesses? Squishy, needs to focus on one target, as mentioned in the above post, she needs gold and items super bad.   Attack speed is more expensive across the board. Vamp Scepter is now twice as much. Zeal and PD are losing movement speed. Those are all making things that she needs worse.   There are now more tanky items then ever, Randuins slow always procs, yet the item that Vayne relied on for tankiness (GA) got nerfed itself.   What's her other weakness? Reliance on gold. Well minion farm got nerfed as well, so that's a problem as well.
0	It all depends on your definition of your 'deity' and 'stupid'.   For some people, 'stupid' means someone who is stupid across all spheres of life. For some people, 'stupid' means momentary stupidity. For some people, 'stupid' means someone who doesn't apply their intelligence in a particular field of life.   People who follow an organized religion and believe in obscure things(deities) with absolute certainty can be classified as 'stupid' under the third definition.Think of unicorns or FSM or tooth-fairy or the myth of Hercules.  Almost everyone would classify a person as 'stupid' under the third definition if the person has absolute belief in any of those things. Absolute belief in 'Yahweh' or 'Shiva' or any interventionist deity who'll save you when in need , is no different. Absolute belief in the literal interpretation of The Testaments or The Koran is no different (gnostic theism is 'stupid').   If your definition of 'deity', however, just pertains to a creator ( as in creator of the universe) and you are not absolutely sure that it is true; that will put you among the rare breed of agnostic theists. There are two kinds of agnostic theists - people who fell over to Pascal's wager and spiritualists. People who fall over to Pascal's wager usually tend to follow one particular organized cult ( one of those popular religions out there) again making the same act of 'stupidity' gnostic theists make. Spiritualists are usually not worshippers, but tend to acknowledge their belief in a creator ( they believe in the possibility of a creator more than that the non-possibility of a creator), but they profess their ignorance on the certainty of the question - there is nothing stupid about that.
1	A pretty similar experience was as cait vs a lee sin jungle who had randuins and a damage item. I e-ed and flashed and tried to trap and kite him but he kept killing me. Is there something specific to do that may help me?   In those situations, you're pretty much just dead. As an ADC, you are extermely squishy, and Lee Sin still pumps out a lot of damage with minimal damage items. He's also incredibly mobile. I try to stay a safe distance away from any Lee Sin I can see.   Wards are a big deal too. It's harder to get caught out if you have your area warded well. A lot of times this just means having the bot river bush warded, but if you are going quite aggressive on them (Consistently on their side of the river), you may also want a ward by dragon. This allows you to not only watch for them going dragon, but you can see a roam/gank coming down much earlier than just the bush, where you need to get out asap, and with some champs (Lee Sin's Q for example), it can already be too late if you are pushing hard. I'll buy my fair share of wards to help keep bot tri-bushes, and dragon lit up to keep surprises minimal.   Sometimes their whole team comp should dictate how aggressive you are in lane. (This sounds more like a laning phase problem, as other questions state you are in team fights, this one you did not). Do they have a mobile jungler? (Lee Sin, Xin Zhao, Jax, Wukong, etc) Do they have a mid that likes to roam? (Kassadin, LeBlanc, Twisted Fate), a Top laner with Teleport? I've seen a lot of ADC's pretty much tunnel vision onto their lane.   > Maphite question   Obviously in most cases, a tanks job is to piss off the opposing carries. Malphite even more than others, as he can be in your face instantly due to his ult, then stick to you with his slow. As stated by others, Ashe has fallen behind, having no true escape. Most other ADC's have some sort of dash (Grave's E, Lucian E, Cait E, Ezreal E, Corki W, Trist W, Id often add Vayne's E to this since it pushes one away)   You're team should help peel for you, but without an escape after his ult, you're prob just boned. ADC's dont live long when caught. IF his team can follow up his ult if it hits you, you're probably just dead.   > Team Fights   You just need to stay back as far as possible for now until you feel comfortable going in just a bit further. A lot of times you should just be attacking the safest target, unless your team got a solid initiation on an opposing carry. Most times this will mean attacking the tank. People will get mad, and they will get over it. You will hear a lot of "Dont focus tank" in a lot of different iterations, but damage on anyone is better than no damage cos you're dead. A good deal of tanks have a stun. If they get a stun on you in a team fight, just consider yourself dead if they get any sort of follow up.   The main point is, just stay as safe as possible. To me, the number 1 rule of ADC is DONT DIE! Number 2 is do damage. Number 2 SHOULD be automatically achieved if you are successfully following the first rule (And arent playing so passive that you are never in range)   Other's have stated to play Tristana. I quite agree with this. Id mix her in instead of Ashe. Her range is insane when you hit higher levels. Her escape is super far, AND her ult can push people away. Malphite ults you or Lee Q's you? Ult them away, then jump away if more space is needed. She does have a fairly weak laning phase, but her late game is pretty crazy. Cait is a good choice too, which you are obv playing. If you arent, try watching for when your passive headshot is up, and focus it at champs for big harass. With her range, it can be hard to hit her back. Just dont focus too hard and lose CS because of it.   Ezreal is incredibly safe too. His Q has great range, he's easy to CS with as you have autos and Q, and has one of the best ADC escapes with his E. You can even go super safe and run Iceborn Gauntlets on him instead of Trinity Force as IBC has the on hit slow, combined with Ez Q and E is infinite kiting as long as your Q is hitting.   >
1	I don't think it really matters whether you play normals or ranked to practise. Both modes queue you up based on your matchmaking rating and you would end up playing with people of the same skill level in both modes - people of your skill level. The provisional games are there to ensure that you aren't "ruining" anyone's ranked games afterwards because of mismatched MMR. No one should feel bad about getting placed in Bronze, even if the others who belong in Bronze try to tell you so, as that should just tell you that you've got a lot to learn.   There's no magical number of 100 or 200 or whatever amount of games that will be guaranteed to make you reach X division. Everyone progresses at their own pace and some people might never learn what it takes to get to Diamond, for example. I still see people in mid/high Diamond who have no clue about majority of the matchups because you don't really see over half of the champion pool being played actively. It just goes to show that even if you might still have a lot to learn about the game, you can climb that high on the ladder just because you're generally good at playing vidya.   What's more worrisome in this thread is your idea of "I still sometimes mess up." You most likely constantly mess up. Pretty much every single player makes constant mistakes throughout the game. It's the people who think that they are making no big mistakes who are more likely to rage at their teammates. I used to be like that until I finally understood that I was the one holding myself back instead of my teammates. Now I'm Diamond 2 and only rage at myself.
1	none of the above i think.   You ever just lose a couple games of league and need to vent? Thats what that was, plain and simple. I've done it, thousands of others have done it, and this kid did it. I lost a game to Nidalee because of that fkn bug, i came here. Got creep blocked 3 times one game, came here. Akali shroud still dropping turret aggro, i came here.   Thing is, he went intense with it and started making shit up to drive the point across.   What was obvious is its not just the kids/teenagers. Not only are there countless variables to consider, but there are plenty of adult-children out there.  I would be willing to bet that half the time your being griefed, or trolled, ect. Its not from some adolescent punk, its from a grumpy young adult whos getting beaten. Plain and simple.  People dont cry when they're 15/0/5 with lag spikes, but cry oceans when they're 0/12/4 with one split-second spike of lag.
1	I  USED  to have the same problem, I THINK i know what the problem was and i fixed it, What i do, is i find when i buy my bortk, its kind of highlighted like my mouse is hovering over it, and if i try to use it when its like a weird highlighted color, it doesnt EVER EVER Go off, so what i do is slide my my mouse over it right after buying, and it like un-highlights, and it works everytime from then on
0	Walmart actually changed the policy in regards to people taking advantage of the online price match, which recently rolled out to the nation (previously it was just a few states that participated).   Penny items, 10c items, and anything that has insane shipping costs are now void from being price matched.   You also can no longer price match any third party sellers, so if you're price matching Amazon, it must be sold by a verified seller.   Walmart has also given not only store managers the final decision, but the entire management team of each individual stores the right to refuse an online price match.   If you call 1-800 WALMART to complain about being refused an online price match at any store, your ticket will not go anywhere. If any member of management tells you no, that is the final decision.   Most of this is on corporate.Walmart.com/policies   I'm not sure if it has been entirely updated yet.
0	Seriously. This reminds me of a story that happened to me on the train. I am by no ones standards skinny. In fact I am on a diet to get below the obese level, but god dammit I am not fat enough to take two seats. I was sitting in one of the sections that can fit two people. Plenty of other seats on the train. I was kinda sleep, it was a long ride home, so I was kind of spacing out. Next thing I know I see an ass so big she had to walk sideways down the isle, just to stop next to me. Before she plops down she makes a big display of taking out a wet nap and wiping down the seat up to and including the area Under my leg. As in she pushed her hand under my leg at least one inch to make sure she wiped it down. That pissed me off, but was nothing compared to when she sat down and half of her ass was in my lap.   This would make a good petty revenge post but what I did next shocked even me. I normally avoid all sorts of confrontation and stew in my discomforts and miseries. Not today. I don't know if it was the obnoxious wiping of the seat or her large ass but I decided, fuck this lady if I am going to be uncomfortable so was she. Judging from her flowery printed patterns, and judging her age to big 50s, I assumed she wasn't a fan of metal. I too out my iPod, with some nice headphones my sister had gotten, you know the one, really big on the ear and everyone could hear what you are listening to? Well, I chose some slipknot, normally not a huge fan, like a couple songs, but I picked the ever so classy People equals Shit and turned it up to ear shattering and pulled out my phone for reddit. I made sure to browse NSFW and arms length so she could see my screen and looked at some adult themed stuff.   She got up at the next stop and moved to the open seat on the other side of the isle. I turned down my slipknot and smiled.
0	They're not playing with a little girls life, they're telling her what it will cost  themselves  to save her life, and what they will need to be reimbursed. Their first estimate was wrong. People make mistakes. Now they realize that they will need more money for the additional  post-operative  treatments over the next few years, not the initial surgery which is covered. And why do you think a car salesman would sell you a car at a 25% discount after a price raise? Because you pinky promised? Things have hard prices. Hospitals need money to function. Because healthcare is privatized rather than socialized in the US, this money must come from the patient, whether they're a wall street banker or a 5 year old girl in croatia. CHOP is the norm for hospitals.
1	Sure you can make plays....but if you're clearly better than your opponent in terms of game knowledge, why not play a solo lane carry? Many have gotten elo through support, but that route is tedious in an elo where you are easily able to outplay/snowball in a carry role from your opponent's many mistakes.
1	He hit the nail on the head. A constantly missing eve is just too much stress. Squishies mid get boned so hard by her. If you're pushed up even a little (which, happens briefly from time to time even if you're being fairly conscious of NOT doing it), you better be prepared to get stunned+bursted down by both Eve and whoever else happens to be there (almost always a high DPS champ).   This is to say nothing of the problems she can present to the enemy jungler if she's in the right hands. Personally, I hate invisibility chars. I dislike stealth as a game mechanic in almost every video game I've ever played, from EVE Online, WoW, etc. I don't know why game developers seems to feel it's a necessary game mechanic. It feels like stealth chars are at any given point, totally crap, or way OP. It's an ability that's simply too easy to abuse.   They present such a challenge for the developers. Just eliminate the problem. Lots of people hate them anyway. Everyone who plays spy in TF2 is a homo.   "Why don't you just buy pink wards and or oracles?"   Because they're fucking expensive. Sometimes you obviously have no choice. However the fact is, if you spend too much buying pink wards at $150 a pop or oracles, you're going to be at a huge disadvantage versus every other player. All to simply achieve visibility for a single champ?
0	So me and my friend, both lower middle class, were at a fancy restaurant with a our friend and his really rich family, my poorer friend asked me what Filet Mignon was and I confidently said fish. When they told him to get Filet Mignon instead of the New York Steak and he replied with "I don't like fish" we got some judgmental and funny looks.
1	With a game like LoL, it is a fine line between playing for fun and playing to win, simply because they tend to be correlated. Obviously, a person is not going to be having fun if they lose 2+ times in a row, so what can a person do? They want to win, to feel good not only for themselves but because they contributed to their team for a greater goal. In doing so, they feel accomplished, and have "fun". However, to get to that point, one may have to give up enjoyment for practicality, for improvement and discipline, which detracts from the fun. Now, this retraction becomes exponential in each rising tier, as you will be among others who are also giving up fun for practicality. Those who play for fun are a stigma, a hazard in games such as this, and soon becomes apparent that they are making the negative atmosphere with their hopes of creating a positive one. Those wanting to have fun need to avoid those that are playing to win.
1	Like the guy who replied said, E auto does still work, but you have to A click the champion you can't just do it in the air anymore. Also, for builds I personally thing tear + roa is pretty shit and gives you a weak ass early-mid game and the mana isn't too efficient because just one of them gives you all you need (0.25 health per mana is overrated just buy health if want.) Tear into rylais is always strongest for me, you don't NEED boots early because if you really want to go agressive or run away ghost will give way more then the enemys movespeed and move quints should keep you more mobile for quite a while into the laning phase. Singed is best vs AD comps as the only good MR items for singed are merc treads and maybe Banshees, if singed is versus ad top and jungle I like to go thornmail especially if its full ad, if its more mixed randuins is an ok 3rd major item. Assuming you get fed, I always like to skip out on resistances as damage will help you more in 2v1 scenario so I normally get haunting guise. Honestly the best item versus dual resistances is a fully stacked seraphs especially if you are ahead, singed's mid games is really strong and if you have a archangels rylai you are super strong.
1	I know what you mean with husky and starcraft.  The hard thing for lol is that there is no replay system.  So people who are trying to shoutcast have to use the featured list of games or there friends list.  Or they are lucky enough to have a pro player on their friends list so they can shadow them on solo queue.
1	Quinn can actually be really really good, you just have to play her  right . Playing her like a standard ADC will get you nowhere. Your entire kit is really good at disrupting an enemy ADC in a fight, and while farming.   The ultimate (which is often drawn out as her biggest weakness, due to losing your auto-attack range) is actually an execute. You fight someone, and if they are able to get out of range, with low hp, you can ult, chase and kill. Your ultimate is a good escape / reengage tool for when the enemy has blown their hard cc, and your sick movespeed can get you where you want, fast. Quinn's ult is for the short pauses between fights, not for the fights themselves.   Another bonus: You can activate your ult, and upon rushing in with E, if you time the ult re-cast right, you can jump out, after delivering Skystrike.   The insane attack speed boost from your W in ult form makes her a really good splitpusher too; you push in the wave, get the turret and get out faster than a stealthed rengar with mobi boots can catch.
1	Same here I had 1460 elo, ended up in silver 1 Queuing with a friend who had less elo than me. I both won and lost more points than him. Loss, Win (14 points), Loss (0 point), Loss => demoted.
0	even though you may be a good/chill cop, doesnt mean every other one is. change of a public image starts with you, maybe more people would be in agreement with officers if they understood the mentality of average citizen and their predetermined views of the roles of the police in today's society. Especially with the United States becoming a military states, people are more apt to connotate all police with the concept of citizens losing their god given rights to freedom and the pursuit of happiness.   I vaguely remember during the occupy movements that some people were asking protesters to look nice and civilized because other wise they wouldn't be taken serious by these big huge wall street bankers. This pertains to the concept that demand for change will be taken more seriously if both parties understand each other, regardless if it is not fair or even. The will to change a whole corrupt tree of disparity starts with the seed that is planted. Be that factor that changes our view of you guys and together we can live in peace with a respectful relation. The police is meant to keep you safe within our own domestic country, that does not say take control into your own hands.
0	Bartholomew Bourgeoisie leaned in close over the bowl of the Flying Spaghetti Monster's physical manifestation and breathed in the heady fumes of his god. The sauce bubbled in the saucepan, begging to join Him in His starchy dominion.   "Tell me how badly you want it," whispered Bartholomew fiercely, as he poured the sauce into a bowl and readied the sauce spoon. The bowl of spaghetti steamed sexily.   "Oh yeah," Bartholomew moaned, as he spooned the oregano-and-sausage-spiced sauce over His noodly form. Sexily. "Mmmm," he continued, also sexily.   Suddenly he became aware of a figure standing in the doorway, decidedly  un sexily.   "Who's there!?" he shouted, panicky. It was his bitch wife, Margaret Ann Bourgeoisie.   "Your spaghetti fetish is driving this family apart," she said, in her trademark bitchy tone.   "Shut up!" yelled Bartholomew, as he caressed the bowl of spaghetti with a fork. Margaret left Bartholomew and the spaghetti alone—alone together,  sexily .
0	I'm actually having a hard time finding this fake quote. Anyone got a link or
0	I respectfully disagree.  I have a problem with THIS feed, not memes in general.  I agree all stereotypes can be offensive, etc. but the problem here is that this young woman and her mom found this meme, they were upset, tried to raise awareness to "solve" the problem (or do what they can to force the problem to go away), and Reddit decides to make fun of her for it?  That's just not right.  They have enough factors against them already, they don't deserve to be made fun of for trying to overcome this offensive meme.
0	As a paramedic I can say that your friend was totally drunk!   In all seriousness, we get people who are absolutely liquored tell us that they have only had a couple of beers or more often nothing at all.  I use the following formula: Guys, Ab-noxious/loud  3-4 drinks in the past 2-3 hours.  Cant stand up straight/walk a straight line 5-6.  Fell down and hurt themselves badly enough to call an ambulance 6-9.  Flat on their back gurgling 9+. Girls: subtract 1-2 drinks from each depending on size.
0	This is why I posted this :( Anything with foreign, hard to process ingredients (like the ones in diet sodas) not only translates directly to fat  due to slower digestion but causes health problems like metabolic syndrome.
1	So I ran some calculations on the cassio changes to compare the new damage numbers to the old.  I ran a calculation of what I would call an all in burst combo and a basic damage combo.  The burst combo consists of 1 q, 3 seconds of w, 3 es, and 1 r, while the basic combo is just a q and 3 es.   The simplifications of the equations for the new and old totals are below, where AP is pre-passive ability power with the passive being worked into the total ratios: Old Burst: 1450 + 3.5 x AP Old Basic: 805 + 2.45 x AP   New Burst(375 Stacks): 1115 + 3.835 x AP New Basic(375 Stacks): 675 + 2.79 x AP   New Burst(0 Stacks): 1115 + 2.95 x AP New Basic(0 Stacks): 675 + 2.15 x AP   New Burst(374 Stacks): 1115 + 3.39 x AP New Basic(374 Stacks): 675 + 2.47 x AP   A comparison of the new end game cassio equations to the old yields a required AP total of 1000 pre-passive to match the burst combo and 383 to match the basic combo. Without full stacks (0-374 stacks) both values will always be lower for new cassio.   From these results we see that new cassio will generally be dealing less damage through most portions of the game and the only damage buff would be to a late game basic combo, which for reference is <100 damage at 650 pre-passive AP, so it is almost negligible.  As a result, the changes cassio can be looked at as she is trading damage and a strongish early game for some extra utility late.  Of the utility improvements the most notable are a much lower effective ult cooldown and the free lifesteal effect on the e which late game gives ~ 100 hp per e, which is pretty cool. Some other things to note are that the adjusted cds on q and w mean the cooldowns will be about the same as before with a .2 s shorter q and a 1.5 longer w cd, and the changes drastically cut her base damages meaning a penetration/tankier build will be a lot weaker.  The removal of her old passive also means that she will face a lot more mana problems in an extended fight.  Overall I see the changes as poor as they weaken what was an effective early game to improve utility late, but not in a way that helps her with her biggest problem late game, an extreme weakness to burst damage, which the itemization restrictions will only exacerbate.
1	The key to winning solo queue is to keep a calm head. A team of level headed players will almost always beat a team of ragers. A simple way to keep the rage at bay for your teammates is to watch your language/ word choice. I think it's important to never "directly" tell a player how to play because they can get offended and think that you're attacking them personally rather than trying to help them out. Try to use objective statements, like "jungle is camping bot" rather than saying "will you ward bot" By having your teammates make the right conclusion, they'll feel good at their decision making, they will play better and everyone will be ready.
1	I used to play only Janna. I've since switched to only Sona.   I don't think Janna is weak, just that there is little advantage in picking her. Sona can easily carry her lane (95% of the time regardless of how experienced her AD is) and still be useful late with her ultimate. Janna, on the otherhand, feels a bit more dependent on her AD to be able to farm and trade properly (she can't poke with her 475 auto range without getting severely punished and Janna has bad mana problems if she uses Q and W liberally). I've played 300 games with Janna this season, and I still have a bad ult occasionally (whether it's because: I suck, I think we should disengage and my team disagrees, or an enemy anticipates what I'm going to do and flashes at the right time) which completely fucks up fights. If I miss an ult as Sona, I don't projectile their carries to safety. Also, Lulu has almost as good kiting as Janna, WAYYYYYYY better poke, and can help initiate and protect her carries with poly and Q. The only thing Janna has going for her is that she is almost impossible to kill when warding if she has ult/flash.
1	I'd say he knows very well he fucked up, and the totally blaming yourself is definitely the way to get better, but sometimes it legitimately is mostly someone else's fault. You made a mistake by assuming they would respond appropriately, but they made a bigger mistake by reacting like they did.   Don't know where I'm going with this, kind of defending him to an extent and agreeing with you at the same time I guess.   Even an absolutely perfect player cannot carry 4 people who absolutely suck and feed 20 kills in 5 minutes.
0	Okay. god I have no idea how to start this... well... I was 19 at the time, I'm not much older but I think it serves well to state that..   I had (still have) a friend who had a girl that was still in highschool, she was 16 going on 17 and was kinda quirky. anyways they really liked each other and it was pretty obvious that she thought I was good looking/handsome (I was at the time) she decided to bring one a few of her friends one day to a little kickback we had. there were drinks and whatnot. well I liked one of them, she was a little short, but really really cute. I talked to her a bit & to her friends but quickly went to my beer   anyways, later on, my friends gf tells me that the one I like said she thinks im cute (I hadn't told her anything nor did even consider myself cute) anyways we flirt a little and while everyone is chatting in the room, im laying on her lap as she plays with my hair   fast forward about one hour and everyone is leaving. I say my goodbye's and realize its just me, my friend, his gf, and her friend (the one that liked me)   I was kinda drunk so its kind of a blur what happened but my friend and his gf started making out near some stairs in our building. which was kinda weird, so me and her friend went to another set of stairs and began talking.   I held her hands and played with her but she had said something stupid. I don't remember but it annoyed me, so I yelled out to my friend that I was going home. I felt bad cause im sure he wanted more time with his girl but at the same time I just wanted to go home.   fast forward a couple days, and we're at another friends house for his small little birthday party. it was simple, a few people, some girls, some guys.   im there having a beer when my friend walks in with his gf, and her friend again. I say whats up to them and her friend starts talking to me. I get a little buzzed and she becomes really nice at this point so we keep talking and flirting. eventually we end up playing rockband ( I have no idea how we all did that) but she was on drums and I was just spectating at that part. Eventually she says she doesn't want any more beer, so she gives me her can which is almost full. Me being the party monster that i was (am) took it and drank it all at once. she's having a bit of difficulty playing drums and asks me for help. so im like, okay.   she didn't give me the sticks so I grab her hands and bang the drums with her, we end up failing and laugh about it.   I say something like "shit, well you're supposed to pass" and she stares and says "yeah" we lock eyes for a moment, and in my drunken mood I decide to kiss her, why the hell not.   so there we are, making out and by this time, mostly everyone is outside joking around, drinking or smoking a ciggy. we lay on my friends bed and the remaining couple of people step out.   I grab her breasts as my tongue plays with hers and get hard. she doesn't stop me so I pull out on of her breasts and start sucking on it softly.   im having a real good time, unzip her and finger her while we kiss. she takes initiative and grabs a hold of my cock on my jeans and lightly jerks it. about twice my friend (whose house it is) walks in to get something and we stop, stare at the ceiling and play with each other's fingers  Each time saying "Oh shit im sorry"   so we keep going when he leaves.   Eventually things get hotter and we're both ready. I've been to my friend's house many times before and I know where he keeps his condoms, so I grab one. she's totally into the moment and we start going at it... I end up finishing and again we just lay there playing with each others fingers.   she says "lets go outside" and I say "okay yeah lets go"   toss the rubber.   end up outside & talking with everybody while holding her hand like were a legit couple. the night grows longer and its time to leave so we leave in the same car, and were in the back making out and im rubbing her through her jeans.   I say goodbye as we drop her off...   fast forward another couple days. One of my friends tells me "dude. we saw the whole thing" Im like "what, how?"   there was a window and we had the lights on. it had a screen and I didn't see anything outside, so I assumed they couldn't see us. they ALL took turns looking at us.   a part of me was like "fuck, they saw us?" and another part was like "Fuck yeah, they saw us!"   well I get word from her friend (my friends gf) that she's 14.   I gasp the fuck out. I had no idea...   her friend had seen it too and was cheering me on apperantly.   later on at another party I didn't attend, they had seen her   the story goes, everyone went silent and was whispering "that's the girl that (anon) fucked"
1	Whilst you do make some good points regarding friendship, or there lack of, not being an excuse for their losses, I'd like point out that's it's nigh impossible to make a team perform that doesn't get along with one another, especially in such a team reliant game.  Especially using TSM as an example; yes, Bjergsen was already a good player, but he ALREADY had prior connections with TSM, having played and communicated with them before. As you can tell, he's great friends with his teammates as well. Amazing then followed, and doubtlessly Bjergsen was already familiar with him as well. Perhaps the odd one out (do you see what I did there?) was Gleeb who was eventually replaced with Lustboy. Lustboy himself was a close friend of Locodoco (a fact confirmed by the pair before Lustboy was even a part of TSM). Even looking at DIG, once again, their roster swaps involved people they already knew, and formed relationships with. Their coach is there to oversee the transition and watch them grow as a team.  The most comparable roster swap scenario with CLG, would probably be EG, with Altec and Helios. But the initial roster swap didnt go so well with them and it really did take them a while to get going. Regardless it's not an accurate comparison since they too face relegations.
1	This is amazing. but, I think I know, but what does
0	She was my girlfriend and we broke up for a while, then she came back acting like shewanted to give it another shot. But all three of us thought we were the only one. Now none of us are interested in talking to her since she played us that way.
0	Are you guys actual boxing fans, or are you just talking shit about boxing because of what you saw yesterday? The fight that happened yesterday was a very poor representation of the sport. Mayweather is the best there is, and I didn't even watch the fight because I knew he'd win. Was he boring? Yes. I could've told you that. He's an incredibly boring fighter, just watch one of his 39 other fights and you can see that. Everyone on Reddit heard about the fight, expected to see Mike Tyson, and got Floyd "Boring" Mayweather. The fact that everyone is talking about how boring the fight was shows that this was your guy's first fight. The number of times I saw Mayweather compared to Tyson was cringe worthy! He is nothing like Mike Tyson! But that didn't stop everyone from drawing comparisons. I like that the fight was hyped, I like that it finally happened, but I knew Floyd would win, so I didn't watch it. I've seen his other 39 fights, and I know how each one ends and each one goes down. If you're lucky, you'll see someone beat the snot out of him and see him get shaken (see second round of Mayweather vs Mosley), but aside from that that's about it. No first round knockouts, no insane dodges, just careful, precise fighting.
1	There need to be some type of vanity rewards other then a ribbon that is only on the loading screen.  In the spirit of the "victorious" skins they could have an "honorable" skin theme.  Some skins or portraits would go a long way in motivating people to be nice on a regular basis, and so far it seems like the only reward people get for being and "honorable" player is not being banned.   Also, make some of them unique to the game mode.  Have a set you can only obtain through solo que, or normals, or bot games, even in to ARAM and dominion so prevent people from farming them all in bot games with 5 friends, also to encourage people to be friendly in all the game types.   Make it so people have to maintain honorable player status or they loose the reward, and have the honorable player status reset each month/week with a buffer to give people a chance to regain their status before lose their rewards.
0	Little history lesson here: The US of A was, prior to the civil war, a confederation of states that were almost totally autonomous. The South said "I like this, let's keep it this way." But the North was all "Nah, man, we need to centralize." This went on for a while, but tensions arose when the North started to get what they wanted. The USA became a more centralized nation. The South wanted out, so they seceded. They banded together for protection against the North, who they presumed would invade them to get the land back. And the union would have, had the CSA not attacked first.
0	I'm a server. I'm American. What I'm about to say is for Americans or those eating at a restaurant in the United States.   As far as wages go, I get paid around $3 an hour. Everything else comes from tips. As far as I know, the restaurant makes up for it if I'm not making minimum wage but I've been fortunate enough to not have that problem.   The standard of tipping is 18%. At the restaurant I work at, and others, whenever I take care of large parties (7 or more), we'll add 18% gratuity to the check. We do that because that is the considered standard. If you think you're giving a good tip at 15%, you're not.   This is the bottom line, if you can't afford the system, don't join. It's our choice to become a server, that's correct, but just how nobody asked us to become a server, nobody asked you to go to a restaurant where you couldn't afford it or don't agree with it. Being able to afford to eat out isn't just the price of the food, it's the price of the food along with the price of the service.
0	Well put. I would still counter that personal computing has been around long enough. If someone is in an office, any office, in any capacity today, they would need to know enough to produce a word document. To even turn one on and to know which program to use, as well as find, requires a certain level of computer literacy. Where as perhaps 20 even 10 years ago, this understandably would have been common.
1	No, Ranged champions have low defensive base stats. Tanks are made to frontline and get hit so they need the base stats and they don't need to be ranged. I don't need to talk about the rest of his kit because these factors here already decides that he is a bad tank. Ranged champion =/= tank. Think about Gnar, He is ranged and in his melee form he can also be a tank, The only reason he can be a tank in his melee form is that he has 3seconds of possible aoe CC when he becomes melee and he gets a huge amount of stats for being melee(BASE AD, ARMOUR/MR and HEALTH)all the stats that are missing for all ranged champions and for gnar in his ranged form..
1	Can anyone ELI5 or
0	Police to me at like soldiers. I respect them for their sacrifice to do what I would not. To fight an uphill battle against a flawed if not broken system. I judge them based of probability of recruitment techniques to be people who are easier to take advantage mentally and shape and formed into the correct mindset. However I am not stupid enough to assume that a great number of them joined because they want to help people and are of strong enough personal fortitude to resist a societal pressure of Us VS Them.
0	My girlfriend always thought vibrators were kind of silly.   A couple months ago one of her female coworkers hosted a dildo party.  Yes, a dildo party.  It's like a tupperware party, except they're selling dildos.  She thought it would be funny, so she went.   The next day we're getting it on and she pulls out a ten-speed vibrator, some flavored lube to suck off of me, and some magic oil that makes her clit feel like it's going to explode.
0	The only problem with this is determining (who gets to decide) what's on the test. Considering that raising a child also tends to include pretty much every controversial issue in existence in some way, shape, or form, and considering how badly we handle those issues directly, I have absolutely zero confidence in our collective ability to do this well.   This is the same reason that it's incredibly illegal (in the US, at least) to require any kind of test before being able to vote. And that's one where we  tried  doing it, and fucked it up  really badly . So much so that the Dept of Justice  still  has to approve any major changes to voting laws in certain states before they can take effect.
1	It 100% is. There's nothing wrong with rushing a Last Whisper, it just means that you need to tank up ASAP and can't build an item like Bloodthirster (which gives damage and sustain) or Mallet (damage and tankiness). Last Whisper just gives 100% damage.   In that regard, though...say you were to go 3 Dorans into LW, versus 3 Dorans into Brutalizer, assuming an opponent with ~120 armor:   An uncharged autoattack:   107 AD at level 9 (w/ 3 Dorans), versus 120 armor  132 AD at level 9 (3 Dorans + brut), versus 120 armor  132 AD at level 9 (3 Dorans + pickaxe), versus 120 armor  147 AD at level 9 (3 Dorans + LW), versus 120 armor  207 AD at level 9 (3 Dorans + BT), versus 120 armor   100 / 220 = .45   107 = 48.6 true damage.  100 / 205 = .49   132 = 64.4 true damage.  100 / 220 = .45   132 = 60.0 true damage.  100 / 160 = .625   147 = 91.876 true damage.  100 / 220 = .45 * 207 = 94 true damage.
1	Please do us all a favor and leave the channel and don't come back. If you play in the reddit channel and refuse to use mumble just leave. You will make it easier on the rest of us and will leave room for people who actually want to play together. The room hits the 200 person limit every night now.
1	Yes i think you should start. At the beginning of ranked Games it will appear you a bit like you were smurfing, you know many bad people leavers feeders,just try to snowbal more thanyour enemys and you will start to rise up. but when you reached about 1400 you'll have some fantastic games (with a lot of pressure),wich you dont get in Normals.
1	I'm sure that the sisters were meant to be immortal though, with the gifts of magic that the watchers gave them, it would make sense for it to be anivia as a pheonix never dies, as it is just reborn and lissandra is already proven to be one.
1	I'm not sure why anybody is surprised at the amount of flaming that goes on at sub-30 levels. It's not like anyone down there (I'd suspect, anyway) has been completely insulated from the general toxicity of online gaming. The flaming that goes on in LoL and the LoL community is not limited to LoL -- just spend a few hours playing CoD, Counter-Strike, Starcraft, or any other competitive online game -- it's just as bad, if not worse. The amount of racist, sexist, bigoted hate is absurd.
0	A Yule log is a large log which is burned in the hearth as a part of traditional Yule or Christmas celebrations in some cultures. The origins of the Yule log can be traced back to the Midwinter festivals in which the Norsemen indulged in nights filled with feasting, "drinking Yule" and watching the fire leap around the log burning in the home hearth. The ceremonies and beliefs associated with the Yule log's sacred origins are closely linked to representations of health, fruitfulness and productivity.   To many Europeans, the Yule log was believed to bring beneficial magic and was kept burning for at least twelve hours and sometimes as long as twelve days, warming both the house and those who resided within. When the fire of the Yule log was finally quenched, a small fragment of the wood would be saved and used to light the next year's log. It was also believed that as long as the Yule log burned, the house would be protected from witchcraft. The ashes that remained from the sacred Yule log were scattered over fields to bring fertility, or cast into wells to purify and sweeten the water.
1	You're wrong. Very. A better analogy would be a straight A student getting a C for an 85% exam because the teacher expects better of them. Certain complaints, especially from the Diamond players in the aftermath of the new Masters tier, are because the LP change is fairly arbitrary and not in fact based on elo like you purport it to be. Riot said that in due time the MMR of diamond divisions would even out after "the best" entered Masters over time. It's been a long time since and the imbalance is still evident.
1	i can respect that, but I will defend my feelings about it.   Compare his interviews with those of many other players in the LCS, just to go through TSM (my favorite team, but not my favorite interviewees):   Wildturtle's recent interview with Travis, wherein he talked about being a cat and gave nonsensical answers?   dyrus interviews where he just acts tired?   do these seem to be anything other than attention seeking?   Theoddone's style works well on his stream, i find him hilarious, but in an interview it just doesn't work for me.   Xpecial and Regi do well at responding and communicating their points, but they don't have the personalities for it if you ask me.   Looking at some other teams: I find Doublelift to be too cocky, he likes to trash talk through interviews and does so with any question that gives him the opportunity.   Scarra fits somewhat into the same category as Regi/Xpecial to me, but i will admit the jollyness does pretty well for him.
1	It is not stupid to compare the teo.. do you know why? Because a 1700 plat llayer has learned to consistently crush players in 1400 or 1500. If he couldn't he wouldn't be at 1700 (i.e. I wouldn't be at 1700).. using pro players was to make you critically think that your play at 1200 will lose you the game against other 1200 players where if another player in your exact same position could have carried that game 100% of the time. Your main concern as a 1200 elo player right now is coming to terms that another human in this world could sit in your exact chair with the champ u chose in a game u lost, and win it 100% of the time. The second you realize that, is the second you realize YOU are the only person who determines if you gain elo against the other 9 players you are pitted with.
1	I don't know if anybody will see this, but I'm just going to rebutt your points as I read your argument.   >Riot is being cheap with resource allocation, and has a general lack of employees in many areas. As a company they have grown larger than their employee base and are not hiring accordingly.   How do you know how many employees they have per division? How do you know how they are allocating their employee resources? Finding employees who meet Riot's caliber is not a quick and easy process, and putting too many employees in one division can hamper work if there's not the correct project space to handle them (think several really small projects that are all inter-related, where a smaller team is better to handle them all; or a rather big project that is complex and involved, it's difficult to have many people working on it at once.)   > League has a lot of problems that are on the back burner or not a priority. Whether or not they are being worked on they are not coming out fast enough, this is not a complaint so much as an observation. The client is a good example of something that could fairly easily be revamped or improved with a bit of dedicated resource allocation (hire people to do it)   I'm not 100% sure but I believe I read somewhere that Riot mentioned they are not seeking a new client separate from Adobe Air. They don't believe adobe air causes the troubles that people are having, so they are trying to improve their already existing client. Also, building a client probably isn't as easy as you're making it out to be, and even if they were looking to change it, they probably already are looking for people to do it or have a team already on it. This is likely to be one of the top priorities for the company given the complaints.   >Riot is stingy with applying in game currency (IP) towards solving community problems/complains. No I don't want a free IP weekend for "insert problem here", I don't really want any IP (I don't need it) but it could easily be applied to improving community behavior.   I don't agree with this. If a player is being toxic, giving them free IP or IP boosts isn't going to make them behave any better. IP and toxic behavior intuitively don't have any correlation.   >Riots customer support is slow and swamped, it needs more focus.   I don't think you can throw a blanket statement like this over all of Riot support. I've received help from Riot support within 3 hours before, so it's not true for all departments of support.   >Tribunal should be something that players want to do every day because of a large IP gift for doing so.   I've been to a talk that Riot Lyte gave on this, and given their data, rewarding IP for using the tribunal ended up with less accurate punishments than having no rewards linked to the game. IIRC, when IP rewards were stopped, the tribunal lost a lot of participants, but the number of cases per person went up (due to people only participating for IP only doing a small number of cases), and the accuracy rating went up as well. There are slides and youtube videos of his talk which explains their decision to move to a rewardless structure.   >The honour system is similarly half assed and abandoned.   Riot is aware the honor system isn't being used very much any more, and are trying to find ways to improve it. Riot Lyte has done wonders for player behavior and is still striving to improve it.
0	I used to have a haupaug ( console recording device thingy ) but decided to sell it since i never really used it anymore.   So this kid and his dad come to buy the thing from me and his dad goes to chat with my parents and i show the kid the haupaug. I show him how to connect it to his TV and his PS3 and record and shit. I even remember asking him " is this what it looks like on your TV?" To make sure they had the same in/output i had otherwise they would have to buy a HDMI cable, but the kid said it looked the same. After showing him everything i box it up for him, his dad pays me and they go home ( got something around €100 for the whole shabang)   So i go the store to buy some vidya i wanted costing around €60, so i had already spent most of the money. Later that day i get a call and it's the kid. He mumbles something and i'm like u wot m9? His dad then comes on the phone saying that thet have a different in/output on their TV and that they would have to buy a HDMI cable and that they wanted their money back.   I tell him i don't have it anymore ( at least most of it ) so even if i wanted i couldn't refund them, plus it's used i aint a store i don't have to refund nothing. After a bit of back and forth he calls me a greedy dick for not refunding them the €100 and i call him an idiot for letting his son spend €100 without checking for one second if it's the right one.
1	This one should be easy.
0	This contradicts my 3 tickets this year and a half.     behind a school bus in a school zone, they said I was going 10mph faster than the bus I was directly behind     On my 17th birthday the speedzone was changing from a 25mph to a 35mph and I was on the last block of the 25mph zone, got pulled over for going 30mph     My tail light was out and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to get a new bulb, I used my hand signals and still got pulled over and they gave me a 124$ ticket for that one.
1	Locket, coin and tank items like Randiuns are of more use when utilized in a team with great individual champs who can hold their own vs an AoE-damage enemy: The first two for AoE buffs, the latter to strengthen the "weakest link" in a team.   Mikael's importance lies in countering the emerging assassin/single-target burst teams, which aim to CC-lock and incapacitate a target to gain a numbers-advantage for the following skirmish. The added ability to save said (usually high-priority)target that mikael's grants, allows for more aggressive builds on that person's part while increasing the chance of fighting an even battle for longer. The same goes for Face of the mountain, except that it doesn't cleanse.
1	I'm sorry but I hate the whole 'players should fight each other, not the game' philosophy. Book-keeping is, and should be, a relevant skill in League, just like keeping timers for yourself before they introduced the on-screen ones. The further you take this idea, the more you end up spoon-feeding the player info with little or no effort required.
0	No. People really do judge you if you're a male in a park/playground.   No, they don't. I'm 29 with a 13 year old half-sister, who I am regularly joking around with in public. I work in a male dominated industry, where practically everyone has young kids, and this NEVER EVER happens to ANYONE.   This is something that happens to really creepy people, who are most likely obviously leering at children, or being wildly inappropriate, who then blame all their problems on others,  which is another manifestation of the same personal psychological problem that leads them to be completely unaware of how inappropriate their behavior is.   They then point to EXCEEDINGLY RARE one in a million cases, that gather news attention precisely because they're SO FUCKING RARE AS TO BE NEWSWORTHY, and shout "SEE SEE! It literally happens EVERYWHERE all the time! My lack of adeqate social skills and self-awareness aren't the problem, it's EVERYONE ELSE!"   >
0	TIFU by submitting a post to reddit about a problem only a fool could have.
0	Ya so I still don't know what
1	The practice of "bookending" a new series or not as well known series after an established one has been around in the media for a long time now. You don't want to take a show that is unknown and that people aren't sure of and put it in front of your money maker. If people tuned in expecting LCS-level plays and the Challenger game was a stomp, they would think "Oh, are all the games like this?" and turn it off before they got to the main stage.
1	Riot needs to find a way to fix it, Like make the leveling Estimate your elo not all people start at 1200   Ever heard of placement matches?   This has nothing to do with people who "just turned 30". People who reached level 30 earned the right to play ranked, and not letting them play ranked is ridiculous.
1	I wouldnt really even call it situational. its more a case of how much gold you base with. The items arent different enough to make a solid distinction. PD gives more damage, but then, Shiv is 300g less.
0	I understand that completely. I have a lot of friends and family members that have kids and sometimes things happen that are outside of your control. However, there are a few people I know who are late to everything. Not just on rare occasion or when something happens. It has gotten bad enough that if we are meeting for dinner or getting together to do something we often start without them.   This never happened before they had kids. It is like they refuse to adjust their lives then are shocked when things don't go smoothly and they are late.   The most recent one was last month at a birthday party. We had cooked some ribs and had a lot of good food. The party was supposed to start at 6pm. My 6:30 most of the people that were coming were there. The always late couple was not. Someone called them and they said they were walking out the door. They live 10 minutes away so they should be there in a few minutes. 40 minutes later still nothing. So we started eating without them. Another 40 minutes later they show up. They were shocked that we ate without them.   The funniest part of it was when we asked them why they were so late they said that the baby was fussing. Then we find out that they planned to leave the house at 6pm. They thought they could get the kid bathed, dressed, fed and get all the diaper bag stuff together in 15 minutes so they didn't start getting ready until it was 5:45.   Those are the kinds of things that drive me crazy. They know they are going to be late every time yet refuse to change how they do things and just expect everyone to work around them.   Sorry for the long rant.
0	Are you me? Holy shit. I'm 19, and everything is the biggest deal in the world. My only saving grace is that my entire family is so dysfunctional that my mother literally doesn't talk to anyone besides her parents and one sister, and my dad doesn't talk to anyone at all (and my mom is one of 5 children, and my dad is one of 7 children). It's funny, because they call the rest of my family crazy, like they're outsiders or something. I guess I'm going to be following suit, because like you, once I am financially independent and out of college, I really don't see myself talking to my parents.   It's irritating, because they don't understand that, while they're not explicitly abusive, they're so suffocating and strangling, and they shit on me so much for the smallest things, that I don't ever want to speak to them. They yell at me  literally  every day for going to sleep at midnight (which they know because I'm a commuter and live at home). How is sleeping at midnight a horrible thing to do when you're in college? I don't do any drugs or smoke, I never drink, I don't go to parties, and I'm pulling a 3.68 GPA, and yet I get shit on for staying up until midnight and for having one or two Bs on my transcript. Gee, I don't remember hearing a word from them for my A- in two semesters of organic chemistry, or A in two semesters of physics, but a B in a meaningless core class like philosophy is the end of the world.   When they stop speaking to me for weeks for something petty, those are the most peaceful weeks of my life, because it's the only time I'm not judged. I loathe that day they actually talk to me again (usually because they need me to do something). I really can't wait to graduate so I can cut them out of my life.
1	Know this feeling all too well. Yesterday afternoon I had a game going that didn't start off too well but wasn't that bad either down 2 turrets and a kill score of 4-8 or so which wasn't impossible to come back from. So our jungler decided to do nothing but sit in lanes because and I quote he was "board" so he feeds a few kills still nothing too much to sweat since I on Vayne was getting ahead of the enemy adc and our Katarina in mid was snowballing pretty heavily on her own. So the game goes about 10 more minutes and again our jungler states he is "board" but this time said "we fight now or I afk" well before we could even group he tower dives mid and quits the game. The real bothersome thing about all of this was is our team was winning fights in the last 20 minutes or so of the game usually going 3 for an ace as 4v5 but the last one standing usually was Katarina and she couldn't push that well. Eventually our slow pushes got balanced out by the enemy team catching up to end game builds and winning a final fight to win the game.
1	I beg to differ. I played one game that wasn't against bots in DotA 2. It was full of smurfs on my team that stomped their team. Our team had a Pudge and they camped their spawn hooking people out of the fountain, and whenever I would linger near the spawn, the friendly DotA player would dive in, then hook me in netting me a death and a long respawn timer as they continued to drag the game out. People are even worse in bot games with the amount they rage and refuse to help you.
1	Personally, I played the tutorial and went straight into PvP. Don't worry about getting flamed or trolled, this is going to happen no matter what level you are at. Plus, you can easily mute the douchers now. Co-op vs AI on intermediate level gives a very minimal simulation of how game mechanics actually work. However, the skills you will learn are very limited. You will have a much quicker learning curve playing against other players. You will see a lot of smurfs (players that already have a level 30 and are leveling up another account) and they will probably own you if they are on the other team.   I would suggest starting PvP as soon as possible and paying attention to your mistakes and the mistakes of others. If someone is completely face-rolling you, watch what they are doing and learn from them. You will never become a good player just playing bot games. Example, I have a couple of friends that I recently convinced to play LoL. One of which has a brother that is level 30. He has played only a handful of PvP games and leveled all the way to 30 on bots. He has no idea how to build champions, attack speed orianna is his favorite build. He didn't know what wards were until I told him and he doesn't understand how team fights work or even how jungling works.
1	depends on who the mid is and if he really needs it. on amumu It greatly increases his jungle speed/ gank power so I usually let amumu take it and myself buy 2 mana pots. But if im eve jungle and says their is a diana mid I let diana have it becasue i will regent between camps if i let myself go invis and it greatly helps diana lane/farm.
0	I don't have an opinion one way or another in this, but a thought/insight for you... Many people on welfare have at some point or another ruined their chance of having a proper bank account like you and I do. Our account allows us to use debit cards instead of waking around with 1,000 cash on us after pay day. They end up having to go to Walmart and pay to cash their paychecks or SSI checks and live in a cash world. They may not be scamming... what you likely saw is them right after getting paid and that is all the money they have to support their family for 2 weeks. May even be going to pay a car note or something right after buying groceries and won't have that money tomorrow... Just saying.
1	Yes, when every lane loses from minute one. All lanes warded and it's all the jungler's fault. Because he didn't try to gank your lane 4 times. He didn't try to help you. But you picked lanes that don't support ganks well but are easily gankable when lacking wards. He warded approaches but when he drops 500 gold to ward for every lane you blame him for not being tanky enough. I am so tired of the blame game. I don't even care about losing anymore I just dont want to be blamed relentlessly throughout the game and then have people spamming me friend invites so they can hate more.
0	I used to live in an area like this. All garbage needed to be placed in secured dumpsters, no bird feeders, no outdoor pet food, etc.   Then one day a city-slicker bought a house nearby and paid big bucks for a bird feeder that modeled his actual house. We tried to explain how dangerous this was (especially considering its proximity to his house), but he didn't seem concerned.   Then he went out of town for a week. In the middle of the night, bears ripped through the area and started tearing into any sources of food available. (We actually had to fire shots in the air to keep them from away from the house.) The next morning I drove up to the new guy's home to check on things. Two beams from his porch had been demolished, leaving the roof sagging; and his precious bird feeder was missing... never to be seen again.
0	Ya know, I grew up in the city until I was 13.  I moved to live with my father in the country for high school.  He had cows in his back yard.  I thought they were lumbering fools so I went to be among them.  They ran from me with the speed of thousand cheetahs.
0	I work with someone who defines himself a 'gamer' and he's got a long weekend of 'gaming' coming up, as I have been told about 20 times so far today.   He has no idea I also like to play, as I don't go on about it 24/7.  More often than not he talks about games but he doesn't really know what he's talking about - he will often spout a string of historical inaccuracies, outright lies or if I'm lucky just deeply tedious facts that are generally common knowledge to anyone who once touched a gameboy.   I can't be bothered to call him out on it because I don't need to advertise my knowledge on the subject to the rest of my team, who are also fond of a game or 2 but don't wear 'gaming' as a badge.
1	thb kassa have 2 high base dmg and with the silence he can trade way to good for how strong he gets with just safe items (cata +tear)..nerf him so much that he only can win by roam..think of tf, tf cant in lane unless his way way better then the player his vs, but still usefull. kassa trade way better after lvl 6 and almost impossible to gank + godlike roam..
1	We actually ran something like this a few days ago in a premade 5v5 draft normal mode game with cho top nunu jungle smitecrank/vayne bot lane.   I was playing the smitecrank, was trying it for the first time and I have to say smite is really handy to have both in lane and baron/dragon fights   well so our tac was nunu to get level 3 gank bot and rush dragon at that with vayne/nunu and 2 smites was a piece of cake and after that when baron spawns sneak it: Blitz just smites then goes to lane and stays in sight of the enemy team with mid while cho nunu and vayne kill baron(which goes down really fast)   We had some good early game plays but this strat got us a really easy 23 min win.   not saying this is a good strat(only tried it in normal) but is fun will edit here after we have 5v5 rankeds with this (the team we beat had 1 plat rest gold/silver players)
1	Yes, but only with the reason of 'unskilled player'. Trying to get someone who's had a bad game banned for 'intentionally feeding', 'assisting enemy team' or something like that is just plain wrong. You could argue that reporting a 0/10 taric that doesn't say a word is valid, but only for 'not communicating with team'. Reporting for 'intentionally feeding' is something entirely different. This thread isn't about Ocelote's skill in-game, nor solely about his behavior, it's about falsely reporting, which happens way too much, not just by Ocelote. He's just the famous example.
1	Are you really thinking what you say? Ziggs and mundo where played. But they really became popular due to some changes. Mundo because of the tank masteries. Ziggs because of the assassin meta nerf and his slightly little buff on waveclear. It is not the buff on his ult. But the buff on his minefield. And that is why they removed that buff again in 4.2.
1	It's sad but the following im trying to tell you with my bad english (sorry) is true.   I believe riot doesn't want to release simple champions anymore,  because they're tired of our flaming in creating "too similar things".   For example, some people have argued something like > oh damn, a champ with a spear has a nuke skillshot Q, that's basicly a Nida Q   ...i  don't  get these people. Riot simply wants to create something that they can't get abused on.
0	10 years and no advancement ? You must be an outstanding employee , and I'm sorry if my 14 years experience  tig welding as a custom metal fabricator  and another 5 years operating a mill , lathe and water jet be lies my ignorance.  It might have something to do with the fact I'm an operations manager now and see employees who do the bare minimum and complain when I don't see the potential or qualities that they so erroneously believe themselves to have.
0	He claims that I enjoy wasting his time, as if I am personally responsible for every second of his day, and as if I am forcing him to wait for me to do something or say something.   I have done karate since I was 4, and I am on break after first semester of college, so I went back for one class to visit the place I went 3 times a week or more for 14 years. He knows this, and has seen me do it.   He asked me that night right before I left if I wanted to hang out that night. I said that I had decided to visit my old dojo that night, and that I would be snowboarding in the morning so I could hang out for a little bit after karate, but would have to be in bed relatively early.   So he made plans to hang out with his friend, who I occasionally hang out with with him too. I like her, we are all friends. So he says he'll be doing that and im welcome to come hang out with them when I'm done.   She ended up texting me separately inviting me over after he talked to her, and I said yes I'll stop by after when I can for a bit. Thanks for inviting me. She wanted to know the timing.   I said karate it's 7:15-8:30, but we usually go to about 8:45 or later. It ended up going till about 8:48, and I left around 8:50. 20 minute drive home, and the roads were snowy and icy so I wasn't going to speed. 9:10.   I OBVIOUSLY had to change out of my karate uniform, right? Which I did, and had to find clothes downstairs which took a second cause I had stuff in different places. So about 9:17 at this point after coming inside, getting changed, walking down and up stairs and such, and then I just did an intense work out and physical activity, so OBVIOUSLY I would have to eat, right?   Anyways, so apparently the girl had told him that I left at 8:30 and would be at her house at 8:45, none of which I said but he said they've been waiting since 8:30 for me, and now it was about 9:40 by the time I finished making dinner and eating. 6 minute drive to her house, 9:46.   So he says they've been waiting since 8:30 and now it's almost 10, being passive aggressive and clearly implying I am late, and blatantly calling me rude for showing up so late.   I explained to him all the timing, and how I came exactly as soon as I could, and he said how was I supposed to expect that you had to change? Or eat? And said I didn't communicate that to him.   I also noted that they invited me to join their hang out, so it's not like I was holding them up or anything. They were sitting on their asses watching TV. What was I late for? What were you "waiting for me" for?   He did not accept this logic and instead just said it was rude that I didn't communicate where I was or what I was doing.   Then the next day we tried to make plans after I was snowboarding and they fell through and he apparently asked me so are we just gonna hang out even though everybody else cancelled?   I missed the text and didn't respond to it by accident while I was still talking to someone else we had plans with who cancelled, finding out if they could make a new plan.   So he gave me a passive aggressive bitchy reminder text saying so are you just going to ignore my question and keep wasting my time? I've been sitting here waiting for you to make the plans since 3:00, and its 8:30.   I was on a mountain at 3:00, up until like 4:30...and the rest was driving home, and contacting people to make plans. They fell through, and then like 20 minutes later he says I've been screwing around for the past couple hours and wasting his time.   At this point, I try to send one more calm and polite text to see if he will shut up and stop being ridiculous, but he does not, so I fucking explode on him because he's just being a little prick and will not give up.   He calls me rude and disrespectful, all the while he is incredibly disrespecting me and being passive aggressive and saying that he will not allow himself to be treated improperly and impolitely.   Completely avoiding the actual issues.   I tell him to stop blaming all his problems on me.   He doesn't like it.   This morning says all of his same bullshit again and says he wants an apology, but not a fake one.   I tell him I'm not going to say I'm wrong when I'm not (with more words than that, carefully and elegantly written paragraph).   And he says we can't be friends. Because I didn't falsely apologize to him and give in.   And he called me egotistical and on a high horse and unable to admit I'm wrong, and said I will lose all relationships in my life if I treat people this way.   ....all the while he is not admitting he is wrong, extremely hypocritical.   So yeah,
1	Would you rather be banned or suspended? This form of punishment doesn't change anything unless it is for long periods of time.   The chat restriction has helped many people play better and be better people in the community.   The games that you lost are not chat restrictions fault, and if they were (they are not) it is still your fault for getting chat restricted.   Use a piece of paper to time buffs.  When you know you are safe and moving camp to camp, just write it down   The smart ping system in the game lets you communicate the majority of things to your team.
1	I am a Riot fan, but I give no cares about a new website. I know the website team isn't the same team that would give us a new client but I really need to see some progress on that new client soon.
1	As far as I know: Ranked 5s Team-MMR is calculated by every individual player's-MMR (in Ranked 5s) in the team. Everybody of us got another own individual MMR for ranked 5s queue. That's how teams get placed into plat1 after 5-0 placement matches. I'm Plat 1 with ~Dia3 MMR in SoloQ right now. But I didn't play alot premade 5s. Means, if I q-up with people like me, I will prolly get matched with low soloQ-MMR players, even if I'm 1 or 2 leagues above them. I hope you're able to understand me... I had huge problems to explain my thoughts :/
1	Hello reddit users. :)   I've came with an idea which can improve game overall. The point is, I'd like to check statistics about champions I played.   After you go to your profile, there would be new tab named "Statistics" between (for example) tab Leagues and Match history. You can go to this tab and check how many games you played with each champions, how many normal games, how many rankeds. Also, the win-ratio with each of these champions. There would be something like counter, so if somebody mains DRAAAAA-VEN he could check himself how many games he actually played with him, and how many games were won and lost. There could be some kind of filters like on lolking.net, how many % of all games were played in jungle, and if you play some not-standard jungler like, let's say - Ziggs, you could edit yourself in this counter that you played this one Ziggs game in jungle, not on mid lane as AP Carry. Also it would be nice if you were able to check if you are improving yourself, if your winratio with X champion is higher or lower than it used to be three months ago.
1	Ward objectives: just because you can get a free ward as a trinket doesn't mean you should. You should still be getting a ruby sightstone.   Map awareness of where their wards are: if your jungler pings he is coming in, sweep over their ward, but don't destroy it, so they can walk through. The enemy team will think you're just warding. Possibly even chase.   Zone for your adc through carefully timed pokes: when the enemy adc is about to last hit a minion, go in for a free auto attack and poke spell depending on your champion. Good zoning will help your ADC snowball. If you both hit 6 before they do, feel free to all-in and get your ADC a double kill.   General map awareness: a good support is constantly glancing at the minimap. We don't have to worry about CS so we have more time to do so. I can't count the amount of times I've been the one to ping MIA for mid or top. Your pings will single-handedly cut down the team death count.   Peel: every good support has some form of peel. Notice how I said good? Nid doesn't count. Annie? Stun. Sona? Power cord E. Leona? Taric? Thresh? Hell, I even count Soraka's E as peel as a 2s silence shuts down most chase.   Team fights: utility goes a long way. So does damage. With the added gold you just got a bit more of both of these. If you start ancient coin you get a speed boost for peel or chase. If you start the blue money item you have a targeted aoe slow. Ancient coin gives a shield and damage.   Vision: I know the post was to say vision isn't a thing any more, but it is. Learn to place your wards at just the right spot in the bushes with the green instead of the blue on your cursor and you'll be surprised. With good ward placement, which you have time for as you're not farming, you can earn 2-3s of extra vision per ward. Also, if you're aware of where the enemy support keeps placing theirs, buy a few pinks, and drop them at just the right time. The moment you clear their ward 2-3 of your team and sneak into their jungle.   If anything this patch made the vision war far more intricate and fun.
1	This guy immediately got success for pretending to be a girl because women who play League at a high level are rare. Now why might that be? Probably because of social pressures pushing women away from playing video games in general. Beyond that, as we've seen with the engineering and tech industries, heavily male-dominated workplaces and communities can lead to some pretty toxic environments for women. How often are there inappropriate comments about Sjokz, for example, posted in this sub? Probably enough that I couldn't blame women for avoiding the LoL community altogether.
1	I agree with this and I've come to notice that instead of the support being blamed for mistakes on bottom lane like OP said, the ADC gets blamed most of the times.   Had a game with me being MF and having a support Lux at bot. All went fairly well at the beginning, Lux set up some pretty good snares and we were able to kill the enemy bot lane a few times. After about 10 minutes in, Lux decided she wanted to turret dive the enemies, so she pinged for me to go in.   I looked at the big picture, our wards had just run out, enemy mid (nidalee) and top (jax with tp) were MIA and I didn't feel save enough to make a turret dive under such circumstances. I pinged Lux back, told her "don't dive" but she didn't listen and went for the enemies. I stood back and waited for the inevitable: Jax tp-ed in, a spear flew in Lux' face and she died. After that a flaming tirade errupted from her "OMG MF stop sleeping, coulda killed them there. U suck!!111!"   After this, every time Lux overextended with no vision she blamed me and later the whole team for not following up. She stopped warding because "noob team, can't carry this shit" and pretty much ruined the whole gaming experience for us others.
1	There is only one right point and it's the 66% one.   All the other are completly wrong or are not even argument in my opinion and this is why:     Actually I am trying to go D1 playing only blitz. I did have way more then 66% winrate. Now Im D2 I struggle a bit more -26lp loose +13lp win, damn it's hard. Thx to Master Tier and btw I dont understand why they try to bring people down when they added another Tier to climb for, that should be the opposite. (I rly dunno why it's done like that I wish reddit detective could help me on this one)     The majority of the time people dont troll or afk. Use maths. You gotta often see troll feeder afker but you alawys forgot that that's not the majority of player you will be matched with. Even if that's true (but that's not true at all obviously) you still have 4 chance to have a troll/feeder/afk in your team 5 chance to have one vs you so this point isn't a good one.     Series add more stress but the reward is way higher then before so it's a fair trade tbh.     The type of rank structure (tier or not tier, series or no series) doesnt rly matter. You will be at your level no matter what.       Now here is my point of view about people complaining about the not-so-new Elo system. I feel like the majority of player complaining about it are are low/mid elo player. Well actually there is way more low/mid elo player then anything else.   People think the system is too hard. They want an easier system allowing them to climb the ladder. What if Riot does it? The majority of people will climb a bit but they will stay at the same skill level. The only thing difference will be that almost everyone will cimb a bit. Diamond and Master tier will have tons of player but the majority of the community will stay around bronze silver.   Also people forget one thing it's hardder to climb with series but it's harder to go down with this sysem too when you are in a new tier. Harder to climb but higher reward.
0	Like people in the thread are all saying, focus on your network. Don't write anyone off, and stay focused on honing your craft. Editors and other post jobs are always in demand and you can do a lot of freelance work remote, if you have the equipment.   But back to the networking: meet as many people with similar interests as humanly possible. You never know where your next opportunity will arise. Every freelance gig I've had and my full time job I got through connections I made, not blindly sending resumes. If you're good at what you do and personable you'll have no problem. Good luck!   EDIT: if you manage to land an internship always go above and beyond. If they ask you to come in an extra day, make it happen. If they ask you to do something you don't know how to do, learn it, and be prepared for the next time. Working for free blows (if you're going into an art field 9/10 you're ass is gonna work for free at some point) but again you'll be making connections with people and learning more than a classroom will ever teach you.
0	I missed your point.   Like I said in my profanity-laden auto-mod-baiting reply, "you must have said something really fucked up".   I never said I wanted anything banned, fuck you very much.  I never liked UOP, but I don't think it should have been banned.  I suggested that instead of bitching about it pointlessly you could start your own sub specifically for that meme so people have somewhere to post them.  Then people who want to see it can subscribe to your sub  and  Advice Animals and see what they want to see.  Hell,  I'd  subscribe, because even though I thought 90% of them were stupid, they were occasionally funny.  If I wasn't willing to wade through stupid to find funny, I wouldn't be on Reddit.
1	This is a great idea. I just moved out to westheimer. Not only would I try to get tickets for this given the limited availability I'm sure, but I was unaware of OP's place of work. Sounds like a cool place and some of the events sound really fun... TMNT pizza party  cough  even if I couldn't make it to the league event I would like to check out other events there.
1	Lately there have been many posts about how professional gamers have been let down, disappointed, cheated and such like. Together with this post, it all makes me feel that Online Gaming is still a very unprofessional sport.   So, perhaps it is time that League (and other games) began to get 'proper' organisations. I mean by this: A player's organisation, a guide for companies and persons willing to enter online gaming with set rules and regulations, any other such organisations. In short, what FIFA is to soccer/football
1	Scarra felt it was coming off CD too fast and instantly overreacted and said it was "ridiculous" and that Karthus was must ban instalock every game.   People started saying he had 40% CDR at lvl1. That Q had .6 sec CD because that's what someone else said.   The most coherent thing I've read so far was someone claiming that the spell went on cooldown as soon as the cast started and not when it finished, resulting in a cooldown shorter than usual.   The rest is just scarra fanboys following up to his overreaction.
1	You obviously have no idea   A: What the definition of Technical is( You don't deserve this, but I'll indulge your ignorance.   B. You can't read.
0	I'm not sure how far we've taken this discussion and i won't bother to analyze it further, because me plenty drunk. What i'm meaning is in relative terms, not extreme. You try to lose weight? That's not hard to do on amphetamines. A week without food, a week with heavy amphetamine use.   A massive weight-loss, right?   The crash? Huge.   Addiction? Fuck no.. That crash will stear you from amphetamines for a couple of months.   EDIT:
1	Part of riots problem with it is that its much harder to get angry with someone who you see as a real person (because you are talking to them), so people in voice chat who are toxic focus on the rest of the people is the game.  So rather than one dick you can get 3-4 people turned against one person by the toxic player.  I have been in chats with several toxic players and none of them have said anything bad to me while saying awful things about others.
1	well wanna know why? well how many minutes do you think would a top laner with a smite waste for killing 20+ large monster and remember jungler would also be sharing those large monster and they do not respawn for at least a minute, so 20 or something would be like realistically 10-15 minutes basically mid game and that is only applicable for 1 person with smite and early jungle pressure would rise again
0	I never got into the habit of using the snooze alarm.  My partner uses it 3 times EVERY morning and gets up earlier than me EVERY morning.
0	This this this this. Many here are being sarcastic or funny, but then there is the large group that doesn't get that it is a joke with it's time and place and within context can be funny. They think it was funny then so it is funny all the time. Not being too literal here and I have had a few tonight, but you get the point. Think before you speak.
0	Time for a story. In 8th grade my class went to D.C. For a field trip. For people who haven't been there to go anywhere you have to walk through a metal detector with an armed guard next to it. We went there around  winter time so I went everywhere with my hands in my pockets to keep them toasty warm. Well we got up to one of the detectors I'm just moving on through with my hands in my pocket when I hear someone say something. I couldn't hear it so I kept moving (I spend a little too much time with my headphones up too loud with caused me to be a little hard of hearing). So anyway I take a couple more steps and then I hear something again and look over to see a big black guard looking towards me starting to get out of his chair. Does anyone have those moments where you think you didn't hear something then you realize what they said. Well I lean towards him (hands still in pockets) and ask, "What?" Just in time to realize he said, "You have nothing to say just take your hands out of your pockets". Well when I leaned in he reached down for his gun and is completely out of his chair coming towards me. Needles to say I panicked quickly pulled my hands out of my pocket he panicked started fumbling to quickly pull his gun out. I just stood there with my hands up and when he finally realized I was unarmed sat back down. I didn't have any guards come at me from then in (at least in that building) but I did keep notice the same guard kept ending up in the same room with me for the rest of that tour.
1	I have had an easy time against her in ranked 1500s. I was Corki, and the 5 extra range on her auto compared to Corki's hasn't come into play. I was able to outdamage her early on by autoattack + Q, Corki's bread and butter, outtrading her autoattack tumble, while having hp potions to her Doran's Blade (nice job, Phreak). I think if she had boots +3 or 4 hp pots, and got Condemn at level 2, maybe she would have done better.   That being said, she works great in a solo lane, and when ganks come, you'd better be able to get out FAST. She is a great chaser, Olaf or Kassadin level if you're low on life, and if you're not trading hard or staying back, she'll snowball on you.
1	I'll say this, I dodge very rarely and it is always a direct result of a team that somehow, be it through people intentionally choosing already filled roles, or last picks not paying attention/poor communication not picking something and insta locking.  Sometimes the team comp you wind up with on your team is just so so so bad (3 ap carries, no tank) it is less painful to just take the dodge.   I'm all for trying new things, but sometimes it's just gonna be too painful.  Also, if someone is a raging jerk in character select, and refusing to work with the team in champ select, I assume they won't communicate well in game either, if I just don't feel like I can handle them all game, I'll dodge then too.   That being said, I prolly only dodge 1 in 20 games.
0	It's been a few years since I graduated from a music conservatory, but I remember talking to a piano professor once on the subject of playing Bach too "Straight". His theory (and the theory of some others) was that a little bit of swing to Baroque pieces was not only acceptable, but historically accurate. Metronomes (the kind that we now know) weren't going to be invented until the early 1800's, and the concept of all beats having exactly equal lengths wasn't a part of the music world at that time. There was also a lack of information about Bach & his contemporaries up until about the 70's, so we're really just beginning to understand him again. Try (literally) Jazzing it up, the different stresses that he hides in his work can really make it groove.
1	WHERE'S BLAKINOLA WITH THE
1	Remember when Mata pulled out the lee song support during champions winter? Plus, he is stuck in taco bell now in China and thinks he deserves challenjour.
0	I understand that but in the context of reddit's comments section the bot kind of hurts the joke. Like that guy who feels the need to explain every joke someone else is making. There are plenty of ways to read small text and I'd think visually disabled people who read tons of comments and text on a pc do it all the time.
1	While I was jungling, our team noticed the enemy team was clearing minions at base due to a downed inhib. Someone pinged baron, and in team chat I stated that my flash was down (used it to steal our blue from the enemy gragas).   Well, my team started it anyway and as we whittled it down to about 1300 health, the enemy udyr (jungle) waltzed right up to baron and proceeded to smite steal it. Someone on my team kept attacking baron while the rest of us proceeded to kill udyr, bringing it low enough for him to smite it and grant his team baron buff.   The sona mid (yeah) on my team proceeded to call me out and ask me if I knew how to smite. Luckily, my team wasn't stupid and pointed out that I had warned them that my smite was down.
0	I was given Ritalin in 3-5th grade. increased dosage a few times. Id take it after lunch. after taking it id get a headache like no other and want to go directly to sleep. Which I did. After lunch was book time and the teacher would read and my mind would imagine the craziest shit from the words I was hearing until I dozed off then had crazy 'dreams'. I'd almost venture to say that if I didn't take Ritalin for 3 years I may not smoke as much maryjane as I do. Not that the amount I smoke is bad I just know that there's times ill smoke for no reason at all. And I know my brain wants a higher level high but I ain't about to give into that shit. Not after being on Ritalin for 3 years and taking 1/2 a sobaxin(idk how to spell it) synthetic heroin when I did weekend jail, I ain't fuckin with that. I think ill stick to the blunts and bowls. Everyone has some dependencies non-tax related haha but any dependency in my honest opinion can be controlled
1	Restrict your champions to like 2 or 3 per role. Get good at like 4 roles, you're not always gonna get what you want so be competent in almost all if not all.   Ideally pick "OP" solo queuers if you own them or like playing them. I personally think its more important to like the way the kit works as I feel it makes me play better but not everybody will share this trait.   Don't rage at your teammates. Rage IRL if you need but don't talk shit to your teammates. Yelling at them will not make them play better, they might even play worse. Plus when people are typing instead of playing doesn't help. So just praise play or don't say shit.   Farm like a madman and try to dominate your lane. Pay attention to your lane and try to get any and all objectives. Objectives are better than kills, and farm is uber important. 20 cs is I think similar to a kill in gold so if you're missing cs to harass but not even getting kills.. You're getting boned. Objectives also help any losing lanes on your team.   Oh and learn not to throw as bad, everybody does. Being 5-0 doesn't mean shit if you make a bad decision and die.
0	I Come from one of the richest communities in NJ, from a school where 99% of graduating class went to a 4 year schools a large portion of which were Ivy. 1) I didn't join for money ( if you really think people do this you should check out pay scales for enlisted soldiers, it's sad) 2) I couldn't have cared less about college money. 3) you look down upon, but you should be PROUD of all those who join to escape poverty, they could do like the rest of their neighbors and sling rock while collecting welfare. Instead they soldier the fuck up ( pun intended) and provide a take an insane gamble to provide a much better life for their families. And 4) Many of us are well aware of the atrocities that occur during war, and we go over there to make sure the job gets done right.   Source Veteran
1	Which is more exciting, unlocking a new champion, or unlocking a rune that is required to be able to the game?   You're preachin' to the choir.   The only thing I don't agree with is only unlocking preset runes. Riot would be enforcing current meta. All runes should be unlocked. The only thing you should be able to buy is rune pages with ip/rp.   Too the people who think that starting newbies with nothing is better. Think rationally for a second;   If you want to be competitive with Starcraft 2 you have to train. There is no barrier to entry to be a top level player other than you. If you want to be a top level dota 2 player once again there is no barrier to entry except you. If you want to be a top level CoD player there is no barrier to entry except you.   If you want to be a top level League of Legends player then you have to have runes, the masteries, champion unlocks (at least 15--I think), you have to get to level 30. At level twenty you have to learn the current meta as the meta is slightly different without runes. Yes all completely possible but in that time of leveling from 1-30 you could of been practicing with several different champions. Learned how to create rune pages that are decent or just copy people who are already at the top. I'm pretty sure that most people who play this game do that anyway.   Also remember that most casual players just want to play the game with a beer in their hand and a joint in their mouth. Why create artificial barriers and unneeded fluff?   EDIT: Wow, I typed a lot...
1	My advice (I finally made my way out of Silver yesterday) is: Get a duo-partner that is about your skill level. Use Skype for communication and start duo-queueing.   You both pick a role that you are good at, preferably Jungle and one of the bot roles. Then the one who jungles focusses on ganking top and mid. Because you stated, that you are above par, the bot lane should also win, which will hopefully lead to a win, if you play cautiously and don't throw. Btw: always make sure to get the first dragon, it is incredibly important!!!   Speaking from my personal experience, good characters for this tactic are Xin Zhao, Nasus and J4 as Junglers (all of them have strong ganks, can carry teams and especially Nasus can do solo dragon @ lvl 6 with his ult, just hand him a pink ward and he is gtg) and in this order Thresh, Blitzcrank (my mains now, their hooks can turn and decide games), Janna (the utility of her ult is AMAZING, also imo the best protector for your adc fellow), Leona (was my main @ the start of S3, her CC's can turn any fight @ bot, she synergises incredibly well with Twitch - his poison triggers your passive, Ashe - even more CC goodness+high early game burst and Ezreal - he will be uncatchable and can trigger your passive very easily).   My friend and I started with me in Silver 3 and him in Gold 3/4, now I'm close to Gold 4 and he will probably be in Platinum today or tomorrow. Our winrate when we play together is about 80% or more.
1	I don't think people realize how amazing an item Guardian Horn is. Every game I've played as a melee champ, I just start GHorn and boots. Actually makes it insanely easy, because for only 1k you are getting 12 hp5, some health, and an amazing initiate/escape active.   If you are losing as 5 melee, you aren't turtling like you should. Just have everyone get GHorn and boots to heal and avoid skillshots. Make sure someone builds a Bulwark, turtle till late game, and GG.
0	Cows are holy animals in India? I said meat is a luxury product. And the choice not to eat it is also...a luxury. Now in western culture it is a choice it's not always like that in other cultures. People will quickly abandon their vegetarianism if there is nothing else to eat. That's my point.
0	The thing that kills me is that there have been no new arguments in the basic god/no god debate in hundreds of years. Literally. It's all been said! No new evidence, no new arguments, nothing. >  > So why argue the same tired argument?   Besides things where we have new knowledge (like input from science or mathematics), pretty much every argument about anything has been made before. Seriously, pick a topic and go trawling the internet. Count how many distinct arguments are made. Count the number of references to each of these distinct arguments. I guarantee that for the vast majority of non-scientific or mathematical topics (or topics with obvious, large-scale and recent advances related to science or maths), every argument will have been made thousands of times.   So should we stop having discussions entirely? Should we stop debating socialism because the socialists always say "We need to help people directly" and the capitalists always say "If we help the economy benefits will trickle down"? Should we stop debating methodologies in medicine because the medical professionals always say "You need evidence and clinical trials" and the alternative medicine practitioners always say "There are so many things in the world we don't understand, maybe this is one of them"?   Yes, it would be wonderful if we came up with new arguments all the time. But it's impossible for any remotely-popular topics. We have 7 billion people on this planet, a significant number of whom will be involved in debating those topics. We've had decades or centuries in which to do it. We have some people who debate them as part of their job. The only arguments left to make would have to be incredibly obscure to have been unnoticed this long.
1	You must be new...   its a very common and OLD joke. Since the game is called Legend of Zelda people would assume that the name of the main character is Zelda not Link, hence referring to Link as Zelda.
0	Oh that's nothing!   My mom and scumbag soon-to-be-ex-step dad were trying for months to sort out responsibilities and ownerships with the debt and personal possessions. Because he was a big baby, he would never meet her in person. When they tried meeting over coffee, he immediately exclaimed "I can't do this!", left, and texted her. So one day she cornered him in his office to finally get some things straightened out. He was very calm and willing to take over the house and it's debt. As this was very abnormal behavior, my mom was curious as to his reasoning. He said "Well you're having surgery soon, right? (she had a hysterectomy) Well if anything goes wrong, the house is paid off in full and I can live there for free!" 8 years of marriage, he cheats on her, and now wants her to die to live mortgage free? Fuck him.
1	Sometimes it is and sometimes it's not.  Every person on the team has someway of contributing to your loss or victory. Trolls and afkers are just part of it and aren't your fault. Sure it still sucks to be put with them but there's always a chance for the enemy to have a troll or afker too. Elo does obviously decide who you face but things like these two are not your fault.
0	Something like this happened to me once. There were these three girls right behind me talking about how sexy and awesome my boyfriend was. One of them ever started to talk about how she talked to him a lot and that she would soon have a boyfriend and that it was only a matter of time before he asked her out. The other ones were in awe of her. Literally saying stuff like "I'm so jealous of you. Of course you will get him." I was reading a book and trying not to pay attention to them when I heard them say "OH look! He is coming here!" I looked and there he was, all handsome with his guitar on shoulder. He stared right at me and smiled, I smiled back, of course. He got to where I was, pulled me to my feet, grabbed me by the waist, and gave me a huge kiss. Then he waved politely at the annoying girl, and sat next to me with his arm around me. Not a single word was heard from that girl in the next two hours. It was awesome.
0	DO NOT listen to it on Grooveshark. You know how much the band is seeing of that play? $0.00. If you aren't gonna buy, at least listen on YouTube. Better yet, subscribe to a streaming service. I use Deezer, it's $10 a month, but it's unlimitted plays in 320kbps and you can download as much as you want to your phone for offline use.
0	Give me the
0	Reflexes have a nasty habit of not adjusting to the situation. I was standing on the beach once and a girl hugged me from behind. At that time I hadn't have many girls hug me, but had trained an over-the-shoulder throw (Seoi nage) in Judo about 20 times a week for 5 years... I flipped the poor girl right over me without thinking, realised the reaction was mildly inappropriate when she was mid air and pulled back enough that she came to stand in the water up to her knees rather than landing full on her back. She never spoke to me again. In my defense, throwing her onto her back would have given a full score in a tournament, so really I was being considerate...
1	In s1 I decayed from 1898 elo to something in bronze range (as that's the icon I ended with) from not playing.   In s3 on my smurf I decayed from plat5 to silver 2.
0	Having been the asshole, sometimes the prescription is ready and they are having an issue with your insurance and you are stuck at the window because they have your id and are just waiting on what should be a 30 second exchange that ends up taking longer. During this time even if you move they are not going to take the next customer because your transaction is already hung up in the system and they would have to cancel it and start over qhen you come back around starting the cycle all over.
1	This is exactly how I pictured it.  Dexter link duo, link feeding, dexter raging.   Now, in 99% of cases (soloq b5 -> D1) I'd say Dexter is the problem, but given that they are a  professional team  it's the feeders fault.  Dexter shouldn't rage, but at the same time, it'd be frustrated to play with a midlaner as mechanically lacking as Link.   edit: To compare to real sports- Tom Brady is praised for yelling at teammates/receivers when he feels they aren't hustling or playing their best.  It's what leaders do.  In fact, sometimes people need to be yelled at/scolded to take a hint.
1	Heres a few things that you should know. First, when in W, rammus gets 150 (at max level) extra armor and MR Then with W 10% of his armor value is returned in damage to attackers, so assuming he starts with say 150 (incredibly low amount for rammus with thornmail especially) then W's to make it 300, every attack returns 50 base damage and then 30 bonus damage to the attacker.   Now, thornmail returnes the damage done BEFORE armor mitigation, meaning that if a vayne has say 200 AD, you take 30% of that which is 60 damage, and thats what she is hit for every time she attacks rammus.   Then theres the big issue of mitigation, rammus will likely only recieve 1/3rd of the damage from AD. So with a vayne with 200 AD, vayne does 66 actual damage (assuming 2/3rds is mitigated) but takes 80 damage from W, and 60 damage from thornmail. Even if we assume vayne has a wriggles and a BT, unlike thornmail, those only lifesteal based on the amount of damage that is actually done. So lets just say she has 30% lifesteal, that gives her 19.8 hp back per attack.   Were not even taking into account any damage that rammus could actually do, or the health that rammus has.
1	because riot wants to make people variable in their skill order. a scaling scaling (most of the time) either means:   a)Not leveling the skill will leave it on a very sub par scaling, forcing you to put points in it to not have it left useless.   b)Leveling it gives it such an absurd scaling that you just WANT to take it first, no matter what.   for example: i rarely see Trundles focusing on another spell than Q, (maybe also because the others just give a tad less) if you are not araming you mostly want Ryze Q first because it actually has some kind of scaling scaling. Leveling it up gives you general cdr, boosting it's frequency by something else than a flat value (hence "scaling)   Lee is the best counter-example: You see people maxing everything on him, as every skill has its designated field of appliance.
1	I should be in Plat V right now. At least.   Don't downvote yet. Read this first please.   About a week ago, I was in my promos from Gold I to Plat V. I was one win away. (L/W/W/L/x)   I didn't have any special revere for Plat V, it was just a personal goal. For me, it would be proof that I was adequate at this game. A satisfying accomplishment. I'm graduating soon and I felt if I could do this I could take a much needed break from League and pursue real life necessities.   I lost. I wish I could remember why I lost. There had been several games that week including your typical trolls, feeders, toxic players, afk'ers, etc. I think my favorite was Singed support that said he couldn't fill up his tears because "he was support."   I lost the promos. I was fairly upset because this was about my 3rd promo or so. Certainly, other people have gone through much worse, but I was tired of this oscillation.   From there...things went terrible.   I entered each game with a terrible attitude. I would enter each lobby with a threat "Give me X or I will Y." I was more determined than ever though. All of my life my accomplishments came from setting myself to win. It works, too. However, when you enter an environment based on other people in teamwork...you realize you are the "fanatic on the boat cutting under his own seat." (Bonus points if you got the reference.)   I became bitter. Toxic. Angry. Unsatisfied. I made sure to point out other people's mistakes. I made sure to let them know that I was doing better than them. If a game was going poorly, I suggested surrendering  way  too often. My caps lock key probably felt abused.   If people messaged me after a game, I  exploded  on them. I cussed them out, I told them how worthless they are. The only thing I restrained from was real life threats, I somehow managed to be a little clear in my head and not get into serious trouble.   Gold II. Holes in my wall. Late nights. Ignoring school. Skipping class.   Chat restrictions. Ranked restrictions.   I sat back in my chair. I clenched my teeth and was about to think of all the reasons that Riot was  obvioiusly  (not really guys...) being unfair.   I took a break. When I came back, I took things slow. I remained neutral in games, after those nasty episodes from before, it was a little difficult to be positive.   After a few games, I was back on my feet. I was plowing through the restrictions and was avoiding situations that would get me angry as soon as I can.   Account Banned.   Damn. It took a while for that ban to kick in, it waited for a Friday I guess. It's not the end of the world. But it sucks. To some extent, I'm going to miss out on any of the April Fool's stuff, I'm probably not going to get to Plat V for a while, and my little brother that I haven't seen for months doesn't get to play with me or enjoy whatever craziness is about to pursue.   So you know what I don't deserve? I don't deserve any rank. To be a little honest, I don't like the concept of it. I don't like the concept that my attitude is affecting  this much , but maybe it's something I need to learn. From a young age, I was taught that anger was a great tool to achieve your desires. So to be fair and realistic, these last several days have been a huge challenge for me.   Right now, I don't deserve Plat V. I don't deserve Gold I. I probably don't deserve Silver and I should be probably not even be at ranked "Installed Game."   It's always interesting to watch people measure a player's worth in league. Whether people like it or not, this game is largely based on your personal approach to situations and ability to adjust. This overshadows personal skill, mechanics, farming, warding, KDA, objectives, etc.
1	There are even audio queues for you to realize that the game loaded. I get why you asked about it because sometimes I mute and forget that I started a game, but in the end it might be more frustrating since it automatically "pops" up when you hit the loading screen and if someone is trying to read something quickly such as a champ counter or something, they would be fighting popups left and right.
0	I think I have you beat. While I was dating my then girlfriend now wife her and I decided to fool around in her room (she lived with her mother at the time). We get down to business and she rolls over to her side and eventually achieve desired insertion. Maybe about a minute after insertion, mid hump, her mother busts in the room yelling at us for taking a nap. I sat there looking her mother dead in the eyes while I was inside her daughter agreeing with her that yes it was too early in the day for a nap, yes I would be getting up momentarily.   The only thing that kept her mother from finding us out was the fact that we were doing it from the side and had blankets covering us, so to someone who didn't know what we were doing it looked like we were spooning.
0	I taught art-history classes at a University and explained this to the students.   If you want good grades for your presentations the power point should only  visually support  your story. Only use images if they reference the points you are trying to make. Otherwise it just makes things unclear. If you use an image tell something about it. What is it? Where does it come from? Why am I looking at it? How does it relate to what you are telling me? It keeps your audience engaged with what you are doing, and also helps you build the order of your presentation.   A recap every now and again is good, but keep it short. If you can in a word. Or three short sentences/points at most. Try thinking more in themes than actual sentences.   Example:The process of international integration arising from the interchange of world views, products, ideas, and other aspects of culture. Why not use: Globalisation.   The sentence should never be so long that it reaches the end of the page. It´s ugly, boring and just too long. Mind the spelling and grammar. It really doesn´t help if you are trying to make a point.   Make sure your pictures are of an excellent quality (in art-history class I considered this to be obvious: nope). The image should have a heading and the source should be mentioned.   If you have very long pieces of texts in your presentation you are likely to read them which makes you turn your back on your audience. Avoid that. I´m getting bored just thinking about it.   If you stumble or forget something, don´t panic. Just mention it casually. Like: I noticed I forgot to mention..., but it is actually very important/relevant. Teachers love this. It shows you actually do know what you are talking about, and you are composed enough to solve a problem like that on the spot.   Finally if you are really worried about your presentation ask one of the other students to ask you a question at the end that you have prepared. It might not be completely fair. But some people are much better at a discussion or answering complicated question than giving a presentation. This is an opportunity to show this skill. After explaining this a lot of my students said they didn´t know this. I´m not sure if this is true but at least in my class they really made an effort, and nobody failed. So this wall of text is for all those who are struggling with making a decent presentation.
1	No, not using meta summoners/buildpaths/skill order/champions is not a bannable offence regardless if it is ranked or normals. If they refused to communicate you can report them for that, or if they were a "unskilled player" (although the unskilled player report doesn't do anything) you can report them for that too.
1	I agree with what Elementz did but the biggest reason why Chauster's reputation went down was because he cheated by playing on his girlfriend's account (Missy) in a Girl4LoL tournament and he claimed Missy was a better support than Elementz when she got carried to like 1800 by every CLG member. At best she was a 1200 player.
1	When this bug happens, three things happen as a result.     First, there will be no death mark. Notice you don't see the blinking "heartbeat" effect, nor do you see a shuriken above Kassadin's head even though it clearly would've killed him.     Second, the ult shadow will be unusable. It won't copy abilities, you can't swap with it, but in return the shadow will never go away and will provide vision on that area for the rest of the game.     Third, you will be unable to move for a short time (watch and see how Zed doesn't move at all until he flashes to get out of it).       As for why he didn't die, even without the death mark pop, if Zed had placed his W near Kassadin before he threw the Q then they both would have landed and Zed would've gotten the kill. However, Zed was too low on energy before he started the fight to place the W at that time, but if his ult shadow had copied his abilities, he would've either gotten energy back from landing his E onto the same enemy twice or both the Qs would've landed.
0	Some of the most creative ideas seem obvious in retrospect.  The difference in people who got rich and people who say, "I could've thought of that" is people who thought of it and executed  first .  The most creative person in the world isn't worth a shit if they can't come up with, and execute on, their ideas quickly.  Stop bitching because you think you're more creative.  Start being  as  creative  faster , or get used to thinking, "I could've done that, but I didn't, because my brain is slower, and / or I'm too scared to execute."
0	Unconscious thought patterns can absolutely be made conscious, if you practice mindfulness spotting negative destructive thought patterns is a lot easier, and all you have to do is change them, because everybody has positive traits, and everyone has negatives, what i did was accept my negative traits and focus on my positive traits, rather then playing victim   i used to have extreme social anxiety, low self esteem and depression, to top off the tank i'm also ADHD-Pi with bi polar II   why? i was abused as a child, parents divorced, mom died, sent to behavioral school full of retarded kids making me socially retarded (my whole high school experience was ruined because i went from a classroom of 4 kids for 3 years, to straight up high school took me 5 years to re build my social skills in big social environments), verbally abused and put down from ages 0-18 by narcissistic siblings and parents   these are things that effected me, and almost drove me insane   thoughts are just thoughts, if you can understand that then you will understand that you don't have to give into to them   unconscious thought patterns are only unconscious because you're so used to them, just like walking and talking, you don't have to try talk or walk, you just do it, you're a virtuoso of your first language   obvious one is not at fault for all of their thought patterns, as many thought patterns and beliefs are adopted because of culture, and TV, and other forms of monkey see monkey do type behavior   [Neuroplasticity](   you could start telling yourself today that your name is Jim and your from Alabama, and after a while you would believe it without even thinking   you believe your name is your name why? because you think it is   i'm not some person who was raised with great parents ignorantly spouting 'well man just get better self esteem'
0	The idea is it's for people who just skimmed through and didn't actually want to read it. If you put the
1	Yeah, because your ping to google.com totally relates with your ping to League of Legends.   Honestly, good try for giving advice, but if you don't know what you're talking about, best not be talking at all. The league servers are not related to google, like, at all, and the servers are in totally different locations. Sure, you might be able to get a good connection to Google yet a really bad connection to the league servers (vice versa is rarely happening so I'll deem that impossible).   Anywho, back on the subject, the league client does show ping, both ingame and in the loading screen. And yes, ping is vital to determining how well you'll perform ingame, so it should be visible at all times.   It's not a new standard, it's not an old standard, it's just a vital piece of information. Without knowing what your ping range is, you can't determine if it's your FPS (well, visually you can, but it still could be your computer), your internet connection, or your own playstyle that decides wether you play well or not. A difference of 100 ping for EUW players means the world, since they're so used to having low ping it really screws them up CS wise when they suddenly have to deal with new circumstances.   So..
1	Happened to me too with Kennen last season. Was playing him top even before Maknoon did (who was the first to do it in competitive play - quickly followed by other top laners like Flame or Shy who crushed with Kennen). But you know what was even funnier? Riot didn't even care how the best top laners in the world (in korea) crushed with Kennen. When did they nerf him? TWO WEAKS after he was used in LCS...which was like 4 MONTHS after koreans started using it. That was just Riot saying "Well...we don't know what is going on! We just follow NA! NA the best! - oh right guys! dont forget to make S3 Worlds quarter finals Bo3s so upsets (western teams winning) is more likely!"   But i actually LIKE the rework of Gragas. (ok I am a top laner so maybe I am bias) But look at Kennen. You sure it would have "just been fine" to nerf his numbers? Well then he would have been completely useless then. Like how does a NERFED Gragas against Xerath, Ziggs, Ori etc...even worse then Ahri probably...where is she at? At least he can be played top lane. Champs like Kennen or Ahri "who just got their numbers nerved" aren't playable at all.
0	Yes and No.   The wikipedia definition is one made to define the concept of Karma, as understood broadly. This means that this will be accepted by almost anyone who knows the concept, even if just the slightest.   However, Real Life Karma, or the real concept of Karma as seen by the Hindu religion, talks about the effect our deeds on our next life. This is a CORNER STONE concept in Hinduism, the fact that there is no instant karma, not in our own lifetime. The so called "ripples" that someone here mentioned, affect the rebirth cycle. There the actual Dharma cycle comes into effect as to what you will be reborn as, or the "win condition" of exiting the cycle (achieving godhood).   Now, why is this important? The fact that there isn't instant Karma.   Well, the story of the first Buddha is kinda long and repetitive, has a lot of mysticism to it, a lot of analogies and the such. And it somewhat differ from place to place. But in almost all instances there's the mentioning of the Buddha fasting and contemplating misery in the world (he was a very sensitive prince). And then he came to the realization of Karma. And he realized that people may be poor and sick, but the poorer they are, usually the better human beings they are. And the real gift will come to them in the next life when they get to be reborn as a high form of being, or even better, stop being reborn. Better why? Well, life is bad, you see. It has to be, there's all this suffering, and pain. And who suffers the most in humans? The poor and sick. But they shouldn't try to better their lives, it's worthless, the change is only available in the next life time. And who has the most suffering and pain? Low life forms, so that must mean that if you deserve to feel pain, you'll be reborn as a low life form. But if you did good, can even be just suffered, you deserve to be reborn as a higher form. But if you do REALLY good during your life time, you can escape the cycle and the pain of life all together and stop being reborn and join Brahman or whatever. At least until Shiva comes and destroys  everything. But that's some Hinduism muddled in there.
1	I'm with Riot on this one. Should you get to keep the name that is famous because of a specific person when that specific person wants to use it? No. In fact the only reasons you hold any value with the name (that you put in your post) is because:     You've had it since beta.     It was specifically used by someone who is/was famous.       Your first objection is completely fine, I myself would be pissed if they randomly changed it, but the only other reason you have any value in it is because it is the same name that the famous person took. Without their use of it, the name is just another name, albeit somewhat cool.   Let's say Riot's servers are a town. Now lets say that Ghostcrawler is a reaaaally famous person. Now lets say that no one really knows what Ghostcrawler looks like ((like Gatsby), so when you say "I'm Ghostcrawler!" they believe you. Then the real Ghostcrawler comes along and starts trying to claim his rightful name but everyone says "You're not Ghostcrawler!"   So now, lets say that you and the real Ghostcrawler meet. He can prove he is the real Ghostcrawler and you can't. Are you going to pull something like on of those fake celebrity facebook pages or are you going to admit you aren't the real Ghostcrawler?
1	I know an employee of Riot is an extension of Riot, so you could technically blame Riot for introducing that mechanic, but I don't blame Riot generally. I go straight to the source.  FUCK  CertainlyT.   Every time that guy makes a champion, he does three things.   1) Overload the SHIT out of a kit.    I'm talking ridiculously loaded. If you could look at a champion's kit and assign values to everything they do based on how strong it is, let's say the average champion has X "kit power". CertainlyT's champions definitely hover somewhere between 1.5X and 2X "kit power". You could point at a single ability on one of his champions and break it down into 2-3 standard abilities on any other champion. CertainlyT simply puts too much into each ability.   2) Stuff random passives where they don't make sense/don't belong.    This kind of goes hand-in-hand with point 1, in that the reason behind these random passives is that he is trying too hard to put more and more into the kit. But every single one of his champions has some extra passive stat boost that doesn't make any sense, and has no interaction with the ability where it is located (bad design). Darius has bonus armor pen on his hook, Zyra has bonus CDR on her seed, Zed has bonus %AD on his shadow, Thresh had bonus on-hit damage on his hook (yes, it is on Flay now, but CertainlyT is only in control of their release state, so for the sake of analyzing his work, I am saying the damage is on his hook where CertainlyT left it), and Yasuo has bonus crit on his passive (yes, it IS his passive, but his Flow Shield makes much more sense as a champion passive, and the double crit really seems like the "extra" shit thrown on there)   3) Take an old ability, make it better in 6-7 ways, make it slightly worse in 1 way (if even that), and then usually add on an extra passive for good measure.    If you compare Darius ult to Cho ult, Thresh hook to Blitz hook, Yasuo windwall to sivir/nocturne spell shields, zyra snare to morgana/lux/brand/mundo/etc skillshot ccs, etc, you find that they are better in pretty much every way. CertainlyT really doesn't play by the rules.   Let's take the skillshot CC example. The rule that all other champions seem to abide by is that skillshot CCs hit one thing and then stop, allowing the opponent to hide behind minions. Previously, Lux's was the main exception, but it comes with limited extra. It can hit a second target (but only a second), and that second target receives half damage and half snare duration. Then came along CertainlyT with Zyra. Should her snare hit one thing and then stop? No. Should her snare hit two things and then stop, dealing half effect to the second? Hell no. How about it just hits ANY NUMBER OF THINGS, dealing full damage and duration to all of them? kthxbai.   Or for another example, look at the current topic: Windwall. When you compare it to spell shields, it's a fucking joke.   Duration: 1.5s (Spell Shield), 3.75s (Windwall)   Number of things blocked: 1 (Spell Shield), Infinite (Windwall)   What is blocked: Spells (Spell Shield), Spells+Autos+Baron (Windwall)   How many people are protected: 1 - the caster (Spell Shield), 5 - the whole team (Windwall)   And then the ONLY downside of Windwall compared to Spell Shield...   What do you get when blocking something: mana/attack speed (Spell Shield), nothing (Windwall)   So in addition to just being flat out better, hardly even comparable to the existing similar abilities, CertainlyT wasn't finished there. It wasn't enough just to be way better. It had to be way better........and then have a passive effect that is unrelated to the active (again, bad design. a passive portion of an ability should relate to the active either thematically, gameplay-wise, or both).
1	Not entirely true. What happens, is the matchmaking system tests you as a player in your normals to determine your initial ranked game placement (I think, not positive though). It takes a piece of your normal game mmr leading up to you playing ranked, and places you in matches of random difficulty, giving you either above or below a 50% expected win chance, and will place you in a ranking based on whether you won or lost games it expected you to win or lose. (Here's a little background) I was 1000 elo in Season 1. Initially I won my first 9 ranked games, and then lost one, I was placed at 1500~ elo, and then I lost a bunch of ranked games and went down to 1000 elo. It was only after learning alot of the more basic mechanics (apparently you're not supposed to rush Mejai's on every champ ;D ) That I was able to improve, but I still couldn't get out of 1100 elo. Why? I was taking my approach to those games wrong. While alot of my games had ragers, feeders, trolls, etc. I was too busy blaming them, or trying to deal with them, that I wasn't focusing on the game, and I was reacting to those trolls, and feeders. Only after some intense games of realizing, that you can carry with any role, and that the best way to win a game is by being the most positive player in the world, and ignoring as much negative comments as you can (it's easier now witht he ignore button (yes you can just ignore everyone on both teams, it's sometimes the only way to get through a bad game)) and that's how you'll climb. I main supports. I am gold 1 currently and climbing. Sometimes I mess around in ranked games and try new champs, and new stuff  and will lose a couple games, but I always fall back to playing what I'm good at, and sometimes the best thing you can possibly do for yourself is do what's best for you. Does that mean go into every champ select saying "mid or feed" and then feeding if you don't get mid? HECK NO. Sometimes you get stuck with something you're not the most comfortable with, and are just plain bad at (I'm the worst jungler in the world (I only play ww and nunu jungle)). As long as you can win some of those games that you're stuck doing something you don't wanna do, you will be fine, because sometimes it does require you to get carried, sometimes you have a bad game and the only way you can win is by being positive and letting your team help you out and carry you to victory because you messed up lvl 2 and got ganked by jarvan and that a hole jax is now super fed and ahead, and you don't know what to do. Stay safe, say sorry to your teammates, get as tanky as you can (f*  damage when you're behind (unless you're an adc in which case get a lw and a bt asap (skip the PD)(APcarries build a zhonya's/athenes/abyssal asap))).
0	Sorry about the delay in the response, I traveled over half the contiguous USA yesterday-it gave me too much time to think about what to write.   I cut my father out of my life when I was 18.  He and my mother(wife #2, duration 16 years) had divorced when I was 7, and by the time I grew up, he was onto Wife #4 (duration unknown).  This was not just prompted by me finally being an adult, but also him moving across the country.  What kept me from doing it before then was my fear of telling him off, then running across him in the store.   When I was 25, business brought him through town, and he called me, invited me to lunch.  He'd had to call me at work, because he did not have my number.  I accepted, and when we met at the restaurant he asked me "Is your mother still flea-bitten out in the sticks?"  This may not have been the first question he asked, but it is the one that sticks in my brain the most.  My mother is a homesteader in Alaska, and while she may not have running water in her house (they tried, but couldn't get the well digging truck up the giant hill), that does not mean she is incapable of being clean.  I vocally let him know that that sort of talk was unacceptable and if he continued, I would walk out.   At the end of the conversation, he said that he realized that I was not open to reconciliation, and that he would not try to contact me again, but that I was welcome to contact him at any time.  I am now 30, and have a 3 year old of my own.   There are times when I regret it, but it's more like the whole situation then just my own actions.  More like 'why he'd have to be like that?'  I'm pretty sure that if he were allowed to see his granddaughter, he would not make her ashamed of her emotions like he did to me, but.....there's this inertia that's taken hold.  And it's a comforting stillness, for I have not had an ulcer since he's left.  I don't hide in the back of the closet anymore when I cry(so he couldn't see my tears).  He was never violent, but you can hurt with your words, too.   Also, I have gotten in contact with my elder abandoned half-brother from Wife #1 (duration 4 years).  When my father left her, he denied my brother.  The whole "I have no son" thing.  But we found each other through Facebook, and now I've gotten to know his family and my rocking awesome niece.  So I guess I've gained more family than I've lost?   Plus, I've always been an advocate of your friends are your family.  And they are the ones that I spend every Thanksgiving with, and it's wonderful.
1	Can someone explain how mmr works and why mine is so low, i was doing really well in ranked i was on like 1 5 game win streak, but i was only gaining one point at a time, im in silver 1 which may be why i was gaining so little, so can someone just tell me why i was gaining so little i know it has to deal with mmr but i dont know why mmr is high or low
1	To be perfectly honest i love facing Fiora as a top laner. Yes she becomes untargetable when she ults but thats why you learn how to counter play it. I personally like to take someone like a shen or lissandra against her and grab exhaust. When she dashes towards me i either e-taunt her right away as shen so that she takes a lot of minion aggro and i automatically win the trade or of I'm liss i w-stun her as soon as she comes in and then auto q auto kite. If I'm irelia, i e-stun then w and q away. If she comes close to me again i do the same, yes she may put dmg onto me but she can only kill you with her ult if you're low in health and if thats the case be prepared to exhaust her as soon as she dashes in because she will ult. >
0	Can we go ahead and kill this already? Actual Advice Mallard and Malicious Advice Mallard are at least  funny  occasionally, but the entire reason I don't subscribe to fashion subreddits is so I don't have to hear arbitrary rules that people come up with on  clothing, of all things,  that they think everyone else should be following as well.
1	I assumed was solo queue. Jesus. Get new friends dude. Seriously, I have a group of mates and EVERY single time we play this one guy locks AD carry. Then goes bot and feeds. Doesn't ward, shit map awareness, just balls. Then proceeds to flame everyone who is actually doing their job for being shit. I am never playing another game with him, seriously.   On a side note, try playing with Redditors. Go to the chat, joing the mumble and have some fun. Try a few normals then when you find some people who are decent play a bit of ranked.
1	This all day long, i was on with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after learning the maps and controls and such like against AI, we told everyone before hand he was new and he went Ashe, i took Pantheon and we said we were going top lane. Soon as we start two other guys went top and we got barrated with things like "little noobs go bottom" "GG guys lost already got a noob", now i'd like to state im level 15 now, and even though these guys claimed to be on Smurf accounts and were going to boss the game, they fed and the lane collapsed and they blamed it on us for being noobs even though our lane stayed strong and i ganked mid a couple of times to help out.
0	As an englishman in Connecticut getting used to higher units in terms of prices was what got me. There were no units on labels at most stores, if a big bottle of milk was $3 I would automatically assume it was £3 since it only said "3.00", so I'd be outraged for a split second and then realise.
1	Rageblade rush 1st item almost everytime because i like the ridiculous 1v1 dueling it provides, this is what i mean by bring other items that compliment the items already, think about how runaan is much more powerful if you have a BotRK because of the way the spray dmage works, it may not be an optimal build, but there will always be a defined meta of items anyway. People will always strive to find the optimal stats and once those are found the meta builds for that champion are born, the items themselves are not actually horrible its just that people actually KNOW which ones are better, its impossible to perfectly balance all the items, the best thing to do would be to create too much imbalance by having too many item build possibilities to create a solid meta.
0	Well. All we try to do is help people better themselves and help them to avoid looking... uneducated on the Internet. We teach, we impart knowledge, and all we get is abuse, insults, and threats.   So now we just shut the fuck up and let people wallow in their ignorance. And every time someone notices that these people don't have a particularly strong grasp on basic English they are judged, silently.
0	pfft. That's fucking easy. Hold my beer...   There you are with your own business. A cute, super attractive girl comes in for a job. She sucks at it and isn't really interested in you and you somehow resist hitting on her and try to give her tasks she can do because she really tries. One night 3 guys come into your business and kill her and then shoot you. You survive, but find that you now have super powers. You find the 3 people that killed you and you kill them with your new found powers. You question why you have these new powers and go to libraries to figure it out. On your way back home you see that girl out of the corner of your eye. Your follow her and eventually confront her. She didn't die either! It turns out she's a witch. You were going to die in the hospital that night, so she used her powers to save you and it gave you power. So you and her end up becoming closer friends who fight crime together. Eventually you become more than friends and one night you two are finally ready to make love in the sky (because you can both fucking fly). The two of you are going at it fast and hard and then you wake up from your coma only to find yourself paralyzed from the waist up getting jerked off and fucked by a big fat and hair male nurse. The girl is really dead and you never got any super powers. You ejaculate all over the male nurse as ejaculates inside you and this is your life now.
0	Generally speaking, I share the opinion that higher education is a waste.  Granted, this doesn't apply to everyone or every career choice.   I served 5 years in the armed forces, and after finishing my military obligation enrolled in a 4 year Computer Science program.  After two years of school, I became frustrated with the college system, and started applying for jobs.   It took me about 40 days to start the interview process, but long story short, I was offered a System Administrator contract position making around 100k annually.  Instead of finishing the CompSci degree, I dropped out of college with an overall GPA of 3.8.  Since then, I've been converted from a contract worker to a permanent employee, and making around 125k annually (before taxes).
1	I just don't think these two options account for the complete spectrum of experiences he could have by doing this. Is it spectacularly likely that this is a prelude to a the birth of a pro? No, I guess not. But I don't think it has to be for it to be a quality life experience.   We're all going to have differing views on how career-oriented we should be or how careful we should be with our time, but when I think about things that I've done in the name of making what might popularly be called "progress in life," I look back and see a some big mistakes. When I think about stuff that I've done that seemed stupid and irresponsible at the time, I see a few things that genuinely changed my life for the better.
1	Oh yeah definately.  I always say what role I want in hopes that people give it to me, but if I don't get the roles I'm strongest at I don't throw a fit, Illbe pick someone a little safer.   For example, role strength in order is ADC>Jungle>Support>Mid>Top   My role prefrence is ADC>Jungle>Mid>Top>Support.   If I have to go top or mid Ill just pick someone like Singed or Morg that farms all game and doesn't die.  Although if someone is being a dick and is like "Well Im going ADC anyway" and every other role is taken already Ill just be like "Fine you can have ADC but you better take someone super agressive" and then lockin someone like Lee Sin or Panth support.   Also if I say I'd prefer ADC and someone is like "Im going ADC noob" and Im forced to go top, I'll take someone like Ezreal top(He doesnt die top, he just farms and never dies)
0	No joke, for my math class last semester I aced the midterms, but because they kept throwing new shit at us after the third one, and I couldn't remember all of the stuff and got a D on the final.
1	Agreed. I think it showed that we definitely need moderation in r/new to remove the clear shitposts (pure spam, etc) and to enforce the site-wide rule of no witch hunting.   Other than that, the community has shown that overall it's pretty solid when it comes to upvoting solid and diverse content to the front page. To be honest I don't see the point in a strict rule such as "low effort" when it's something fun that the community enjoys (ex: the Velkoz video that got removed in the past for low effort).
0	This reminds me.   One day I was driving to pick up my little sister and before getting near the school there was a small BMW really close behind me. It was fine because I didn't think much of it until I got to the crosswalks near the school. There was kids constantly walking back and forth across the street with the crossing guard. It hindered me from going straight or turn right and I was basically waiting there for around 3-4 minutes before I looked behind me. The lady was screaming at me, which I didn't hear, and flipping me off expecting me to turn right into a crowd of children. She then started honking and all the kids started freaking out. She then tailed me down the street to the actual school and honked and screamed at me again for slowing down to try to fit near the sidewalk to pick my sister up. Once she had enough space to drive on she slams her gas and then slams her breaks and a little kid goes running into the car and she speeds off.   I barely started driving too.
0	Because of the display of interest, I will jot down some of the more potent memories:   My father had winter and summer visitations. 3 weeks in the winter, 2 and a half months in the summer. My sister and I went to Wisconsin for the winter break, and after this visit, my mom was moving us to Arizona. My father fought hard and did not want us moving from Chicago to Arizona. Combined, my parents flushed about 50k in a custody battle. In the end, the asshole step-dad mentioned above went into court with my mother and testified that he had secured, as he put it when he told me this story, a "hush hush government engineering gig". This "hush hush" gig never existed. He lied in a court of law, and the judge bought it without vetting what he was being told at all. That is how I ended up in Arizona.   Based on his testimony and the fact that my sister and I refused to go into court and declare "which parent we chose", my mother was awarded permission to move us to Arizona.   The first 2 weeks were the same situation as any visit in that era. Cousins and Aunts and Uncles visiting frequently (my father did and still does live with his mother). The family of my surname gathered around the dining room table each night and engaged in fierce conversation about what a whore my mom was, frequently referring to the fact that my sister and I had her genes, so it was very important to keep us around to try to work against the rotten genetics we had to keep us from becoming the type of trash that my mother was. My sister and I were not allowed to join these conversations because we were "only children", no. We got to sit in the living room 2 feet away and just listen.   As we entered into the final week, things started getting somber. Everyone should have been getting excited for Christmas, but instead, everyone got angrier and angrier at my mother because the day after Christmas, we were to be flown "half way across the country into the unforgiving desert" (a tagline that became a twisted joke in the years that we lived in Arizona).   That Christmas was joyless. My grandmother scowled. My grandpa was silent. My dad was on the verge of tears the whole time, and my aunt and uncle did nothing but find opportunities to get back to conversations centered on bashing my mother.   After hearing about my "tainted genetics" for a couple weeks, Christmas came. I watched as my cousin opened her gift. It was 1000 dollars total, in 5 dollar bills, strewn through 10 layers of boxing. I got a set of Ghostbusters pajamas that were 2 sizes too small and some coloring books. Both from the church food shelter my grandma "volunteered" in.   Morning after Christmas, I remember being woken up at 3 in the morning because we needed to prepare for our flight at 7:30.   I remember a crippling sense of sadness and being overwhelmed with the urge to just fall on the ground and sob forever. This didn't come from any place internal, it was all in the faces and the tones in the voices of the adults around me.   We got put into the car, and as my dad was closing the door, he had a "breakdown" moment and closed the door by pounding on the window "hulk smash" style. I remember thinking "if that glass would have shattered, I'd have glass imbedded in my skin, and if my finger were still in the doorway, i wouldn't have a finger anymore".)   We drove to the airport, sat there for 2 and a half hours, unable to talk, just feeling the ferrets in our stomachs burrowing around and tearing our intestines to shreds.   This became the routine for the next 3 years. Then one year, my father went to get the documentation to follow us down to the terminal, and I took him aside. I said "Dad, we are about to say goodbye one way or another. I'd prefer to say goodbye at security and be done with it than to drag this out for another 2 hours. I love you, I will see you again soon, but let's stop with this torturing of ourselves". To this day he still tells me whenever he shares this nugget of wisdom with others, complete with citation back to his child, on how to "do goodbyes".   Got on the plane, arrived in Arizona, and got filled in on the fact that in the 3 weeks, neither my mother nor step father had found a job (imagine how confused I was when I thought the step-dad had a prestigious government job and I landed to be told he was jobless). They had been kicked out by the friends they intended us to stay with. They were renting a house that rent had not been paid for in 2 months. "But don't worry, we maxed our last credit card to buy a new tree and presents!"   I'll stop here. I could (and possibly may some day) quite literally write a novel.
1	Dear Riot... The gates are stupid. sure you added a defense to the enemy teams and added a new pathing... and such and defense measures.. but you also added at the same time added one of the biggest Cheese things ever... with the fact that you can enter and exit both sides provides unfair for the team say if you're sieging and catch someone who got caught out... they run through there and easily get away... It's nice but unneeded. Sure you want to change the game up... but don't give them a free pass through so when they get caught out it's fine...
1	Uhm I think this is pretty BS tbh. First of all, it's not like Morello decides who nerfs what. There is a whole Team behind that that thinks about that, and the only thing Morello does is adjust NUMBERS he doesn't actually have to choose who gets nerfed - ofc he can suggest something.   Furthermore, the nerfs you talk about are all reasonable. Akali got overnerfed, no doubt about that. But that's for a reason - Akalis ult is a non skillshot, 800 Range Gapcloser that refreshes. Compare that to Diana: Not only does Diana have Mana, if she wants to use her ult more than once (remember, Akali has at elast 3 free jumps), but she needs to hit her Q, which is a skillshot. I assume that they are going to buff Akali in some way, but tbh, it's really hard to think of a good way to buff Akali atm, that's why Riot made her UP atm - to buy time to think about how to make her good again.   The Hecarim changes... Hecarim is strong at least, maybe even OP. A tank with a heal and an AoE Nuke that scales of AD and an long range, cc ultimate? The only reason he is not used atm is because he is not good in 1v2s and there are junglers that outcalls him (Zac, Elise, Nunu, Jarvan). He is still strong, maybe even OP, even after the nerfs you mentioned. He is the only Jungler I can think off that can 1v1 pretty much anyone. And definitly the only jungler who can split up the enemy team in 2 groups with his ult.   The oracles changes were fine too. It helps the gameflow since Supports7whoever has oracle don't have to pay really careful anymore with Oracles. Also, they got explorer wrad into the game, they got sighstone into the game and they limited oracles to 5 min - after 3 buffs to Warding/Vision, a nerf to the same seems apropriate.
1	I think pro streamers should be able to do so, but not any random streamer! many times ive missed Scarra's streams and some other pro streamers simply bc i didnt know their streaming schedule! so if they could make a post in advance, say ~2hours before they start the stream, that would be nice, since these posts tend to hit the front page in less than an hour!
1	His kit is fine, and whoever argues it's not simply does not understand what Urgot is.   Urgot was designed as a Ranged AD  CASTER  that provides ways to cripple his opponents while dealing damage from a safe range and being durable.   That's what Urgot is. And it's a perfectly fine concept.   The core things that Urgot have are:     A bread-and-butter skill which is the most of his damage (Q)     A shield that empowers the bread-and-butter skill by adding a slow (on his AAs as well)     An armor-shredding, damage-dealing AoE Skillshot which empowers the bread-and-butter skill by making it targeted instead of skillshot     A targeted Suppression which swaps positions, slows the target and grants Urgot a huge tanking steroid.     And a passive of %damage reduction to targets he hits with AAs or Qs.       That, as a whole, is a fine kit: The spells make sense to be together in the kit, fill different purposes and make Urgot a well-rounded champion with good damage output, tankiness, and team utility.   Now, what does Urgot  NOT  have?   First, itemization.     Urgot  needs  a Muramana. He's one of the rare champions in LoL to be gated by mana instead of cooldowns (which is why he was kinda insane in URF), he WILL need a muramana to do his work. Having to buy a muramana isn't that bad, in fact Urgot uses the on-attack damage very well.     Urgot will likely HAVE TO buy a Black Cleaver because he uses it so well and his damage will be subpar otherwise. There again, no problem, it's a good item on Urgot.       But then, it gets tricky.   Few damage items suit Urgot (other than Muramana and BC ofc): Pure AD items feature lifesteal, a stat which Urgot isn't fond of, LW is good but its value is quite reduced because Urgot already got two % armor shreds (E and BC), Triforce is very situational (and expansive).   Then... Let's buy tankiness. Which is acceptable, of course, Urgot isn't meant to be built glass cannon.   But there again it gets tricky, because Urgot is a ranged bruiser, which is absolutely unique.   What if you want some armor, mh? Well, too bad. Sunfire, Randuin, even Frozen Heart (which he buys anyway because of the mana) are all items that work at close range - where Urgot doesn't want to be.   What about some magic resist? Well, here's your Banshee. Aaaand that's it. A Locket won't really work on you because you'll either be deep in the backline, or deep in THEIR backline. A Maw of Malmortius is a decent item but teamcomps that are heavy in magic damage are kinda rare (although I see more and more of them).   Of course for armor and mres you'll be able to get a GA, which is a suboptimal item unless you proc the revive...   Urgot usually doesn't want more hp than what BC/Banshee + his shield gives, but if he does... He doesn't have many choices either. Warmog is a subpar item, Sunfire and Randuin work at close range like explained above.   So that's what the main problem is, IMO. Most itemization paths for Urgot feel suboptimal. But let's be thankful to Riot for introducing Muramana and Black Cleaver in season 3 - Urgot was stuck with his Manamune and Brutalizer before that....   On a side note, a point where Urgot could use a little help would be a polishing of his visuals. His animations mostly are a bit clunky, more specifically the need to stop to cast Q is awkward - after all you often use it to chase and kite.   If Riot wants Urgot to be a good pick again (which they probably don't want to - Soraka/Urgot lanes used to be pure free elo back in old times), they'll have to give him new ways to itemize and feel good by itemizing items that suit his needs. Also, he  could  use some tweaks in lower AD Ratios + Higher base damage, to enforce his playstyle as a Bruiser that goes with 2, maximum 3 damage items.
1	Okay, i just finished reading half the comments and i think that he should get a little more Q or W range, and his 5% of his max hp as dmg on his E, imo that would make him a little harder to harass while also giving him more dmg on engage and imho, this won't make him SUPER overpowered just at least a higher tier. The W range would make it a bit harder to harass him if he becomes a toplaner while the slingshot percent max hp dmg will give him a reason to stack HP like people have been complaining about, the % dmg could also go up as you charge and might even give reason to charge past just the max range, make for some better engage but also more counterplay because he would be sitting there longer. And i saw a post about  > slamming them with your weight(hp)   and i thought that it was a cool idea :3 Just my opinions but what do i know im bronze 1 (silver last season)
1	Personally when I used to play a lot more and found it very enjoyable was in S3.  The champion pool was very diversified and what it took to improve your game.  The trinkets I didn't like.  I find it to be a way for the riot to help or make a fix for lazy players.  Prior to League I was very into the Starcraft scene and played a lot of ranked SC2.  To get better and to get the win you cannot be lazy.  Find out what they're building, how can I counter or put myself in a better position that my enemy.  How do I deserve my wins?  Simple, you have to conform to the rules of the game and use the tools within the game to best your opponent.  Sometimes it required you harass the hell out of them to buy time even if it required more work.  Be tenacious in your game.   What I'm trying to say is this.  If your team doesn't buy wards or place them should expect to lose if you don't have a gold lead already.  Those who are more tenacious to help their team with not just winning their lanes but with vision and map control.  The trinkets and ward limitations just seems like an easy way to put a plug on those who complain about not having their allies ward.  Even now warding hasn't gotten any better.  I'd rather the game force the player to fix what's wrong with their play than being given an annoying handout.
1	One of the difficulties of translation is capturing cultural nuance and meaning behind the words used and appropriately interpreting that nuance in a similar scope in the context on a completely different culture. The pressure of translating live is that when you have to remember what you heard, reinterpreting that that sentence in the cognitive orientation of one society's world view into a completely separate one is hard to do on the fly - and the difficulty can get amplified if linguistic structure one one language is alien to another. Simple sentences can be easy - but colloquial mannerisms not so much.   On top of that, if you throw in the possibility that some words or concepts may exist in one language that do not exist in another, then things can get messy.   The translation may not necessarily have been  wrong , it was simply  said wrong .
1	Wow, Garen's build is interesting.  I suspect building MR or damage would be better than a third Warmogs though.  I'm bored so I'm actually going to do the numbers now.  For myself.  For learning.   Without the last Warmogs he probably had about   2183 + 1270 + 1270 = 4723 HP   (67.6 + 68)*1.2 = 162.7 Armor [12407 effective HP]   (52.5 + 76 + 25 + 38)*1.2 = 229.8 MR [15576 effective HP]   100 HP regen/5 [1200/minute = 25% = 25 effective armor/MR per minute] -- Garen's passive gives him 30% extra regen/minute, but only when out of combat.   With the extra Warmogs:   4723 + 1270 = 5993 HP   Same Armor [15744 effective HP]   Same MR [19356 effective HP]   130 HP regen/5 [1560/minute = 26% = 26 effective armor/MR per minute]   Basically - he increased his HP by 27%.  The same effect would come from increasing his armor and MR by 27 each.  My guess is that Garen was trying to counter Cho's true damage ultimate and trying to build enough sustain to survive on the other side of the field... but your own sustain doesn't matter when the enemy has their fountain.   Garen scales really hard with resistances after his remake anyways (20% boost!)   Since you were having trouble with burst (see AP Cho + TF), let's examine how some MR items compare:   Banshee's Veil - 50 MR, 375 HP (+spellshield; who cares about mana)   4723 + 375 = 5098 HP   (191.5 + 50)*1.2 = 289.8 MR [19872 effective HP]   Interesting, it's not that large of a defensive boost actually.  Garen already had super high resistances from his W passive and GA.  Basically he would just get a 1-minute CD spellshield.   But everyone here is suggesting the obvious Atma's, so let's see how that would work:   Garen's Warmogs build - 115.5 AD   Replace Warmogs with Atmas: (115.5 + 4723*1.5%)*1.18 = 186.3*1.18 = 219.9 AD (factoring in crits)   Seeing as Garen's abilities also scale on AD... I now agree it's criminal that Garen passed up this item.  Weirdly, though - it's hardly more of an AD bonus than a Bloodthirster, which provides the sustain he was looking for (and is a lot easier to charge than a Warmogs).  That might have been an even better choice.  Any thoughts?  -- or
0	Or like us, the more likely you won't actually be able to have a child. If you are a woman and you want to delay kids until you're over 35 you should look into having your eggs frozen.   My wife and I delayed things and enjoyed travelling when we were in our 20s and early 30s. Had our first child at 38. Mild autism. Couldn't have a second child on our own so we adopted.   People may say we were selfish or stupid or whatever. We frankly just didn't know. We assumed we'd have plenty of time for kids and of course they'd be healthy.  How many women (or guys for that matter) understand what the true age range for a woman's egg production is? Who's seen the chart for the incidence of birth defects/autism due to parental age?   I'm not whining about my own life. Kid #1 has mensa-level IQ is really into science and math and is interesting and fun. He does have his issues. Kid #2 is great too. He's a rough-and-tumble little bruiser who will be into sports.   But drawbacks from waiting?     Kid #2 won't get as much time with grandparents that I'd like to give him.   Grandparents didn't get much time with grandkids   Grandparents are too old to babysit.    Wife is annoyed when people assume she's grandma   I may not live to see grandkids myself   Hard to keep up with the youngsters.     So the
0	The DNC list is helpful, but companies always find ways around it. For instance, I worked at a call center contracted to BoA (Bank of America). I sold privacy assist complete to people with BoA credit cards. If they asked to be put on the list, we had to tell them it could take up to 30 days for them to be put on the list, which means we would still be allowed and able to call them. THEN, there's also a little loophole that basically allows BoA to ignore the DNC list. Simply put, if you ask to be put on the DNC, then at any point after that you used your credit card, you would be removed from the DNC list. A vicious cycle that I had irate customers on my ass about every day. I used to just talk to people for as long as possible so I didn't have to take more calls. Complain to them about how terrible BoA was/is, etc. Fun times..
0	Oh, man. I hate ACT administrators. When I took it a second time,  I came into the room, saw one of my friends, and sat across from her and started talking. The douchenozzle noticed this and said "MOVE, NOW, or you can't take the test." So, I did, and he chuckled to himself saying, "never show that you know someone." Honestly, I wouldn't have cheated. During the test, he paced at the front of the room and yelled, literally, YELLED how much time we had left, so I would get incredibly nervous and jumpy. I ended up getting one point fewer than I did the other time I took it (after a prep class) and the distribution clearly goes straight down from best to worse as time went on.
1	If your good enough youll carry out, I madea thread a while back called Plat 1: the real elo hell.  I was in your boots till i manned up , faced the fact that I had to get better, then improved and finally won.
1	You just have to learn to give the new roster time. I just hope that these losses don't bring unnecessary negativity to their team. They have the potential to be an amazing team and just needs to find their groove. Honestly I feel like Turtle has been very underwhelming this split as well as Dyrus and Bjergsen to a certain extent. They'll have chances to carry and they just seem really lost as to what they need to do with their early leads.
1	Here's an explanation from Riot: Greetings Summoner,   Thank you for contacting us! This issue, called "clamping," usually occurs around the last fifty points of Division 1.   When you enter a ranked game, you are matched with teammates and opponents based on your matchmaking rating (what used to be called Elo). It is expected that your matchmaking rating is about equal to other players in your League. If for some reason your matchmaking rating is below what is expected in your League, you will see League Point gains come much more slowly as you approach your Division 1 Series. If your matchmaking rating is especially low, it is possible to earn zero League Points for a victory as well as lose more League Points from a loss than is gained from a win.   Because League placement is now permanent, we have designed the system to ensure that a player’s matchmaking rating is high enough to make certain that you can consistently play at the level of the next tier. As long as you continue to win more than you lose, your League Point gain will even out and you’ll reach the Promotion Series.   I hope this has provided a little context on our intention with the new League system. We are currently examining the results of this system to explore potential improvements, so this may change in the future. If you have any more questions about the new League system, please don't hesitate to ask. You can also check out our League System FAQ here:   Regards, KramSyhr Riot Player Support Specialist
0	The whole "men get raped, too" argument isn't helping anyone   Sure, how about that:   Since the vocal minority of your gender called feminists, which emerged as a bunch of too self-conscious women who thought women of early to-mid 1900s were informed enough to have the right to vote and should've been gone by now, but for some reason continues striving completely discredits the fact that male rape is somehow important (but not female rape), we, males, have to play passive aggressive because of the stereotype-based patriarchal society you have been helping us to build throughout the millennia?
0	My girlfriend of 5 years is in medical school.  She won't be a doctor for another year and a half, and as a resident in Canada she'll only make a fraction of what a regular doctor does for 4-5 more years.  Needless to say, it's expensive as 'shit raising'' a 'sugar momma' from a sugar girlfriend. Moreover, it's a very difficult road for her, and in turn me.  The late nights, the 14 hour study sessions, the pressure and competition.  It's all worth it for me because she's beautiful and awesome.  But don't try and date a Med student just for shits.  You'll waste your time, it's about putting yourself second behind practicing medicine which is really a way of life, and you could potentially fuck them over by messing with them emotionally during the most difficult years of their life(which I have seen in my girlfriend's friends once or twice).
1	I don't like it because there is no counterplay.   I mean, there is no actual counterplay to Teemo' ult (and Riot said they're working on it) but think about the other champs affected by this item.   Twitch, Shaco, Talon... They lose so much with this item and they can't do anything about because it's permanent.
0	And here I was thinking I was the only person who actually despised Big Bang Theory. Part of it is I don't like the humor. The only show with a laugh-track I've ever really liked was Seinfeld. Friends... was nothing compared to Whose Line, though I loved the opening theme song. I also don't like how the show portrays smart dudes as being either assholes or social impotents (though that may be jumping to conclusions). I guess I just have different taste in humor is all. I'm a man who demands exquisite writing and I feel BBT just rapes my ears with forced stale humor.
1	This type of QQing reminds me of Blizzard fanboy rage.  Anytime Palladins were nerfed, they'd all rage on the forums and threaten to quit.  Blizzard would at first give a very corporate response, reiterating the reasons for the nerfs, but after a few more days of fan-boy rage and unsubscribing threats, they'd give another corporate response, which detailed a few issues they'd encountered with the nerfs, so they would be buffing Palladins to fix it.  The Palladins would then boast and gloat on the forums about how they were right all along.  This same process happened everytime the servers went down on Tuesday and came back up later than expected.  Thousands of posts would flood the forums.  People has missed a raid and were unsubscribing because of it.  People had called off work for some special ingame play date, but now they'd be switching to swtor, where the hot gamer girls were.  I mean, just anytime anything happened which inconvenienced a Blizzard fan, they took up arms and threatened to burn Anaheim to the ground and kill themselves afterwards.   Granted, Blizzard's PR was pretty frustrating to live with, but mostly because they used a corporate lexicon, which dodged apology and responsibility for issues.  But I think this hyper-defensive stance was actually a reaction to fanboy rage.  They had to be guarded, or fanboys might gain access to even more brand damaging intelligence.   I'm bringing this up because I'm concerned about rage against a company which is still open with its fan base.  RIOT makes mistakes and typically owns up to them.  This is not a common trait among gaming companies.  Now, in the case of the official ref outright rejecting evidence and testimonials of rampant cheating throughout the tournament, we're looking at a defensive posturing where a RIOT employee is either blatantly lying to us or denying us an explanation for why they've decided to let the cheating slide.  This is definitely "uncool" and I'd like to see a better more honest response from a riot spokesman at the very least.  Still, it's not a massive issue, just one that deserves attention.  The Internet issues on the other hand are not that big of a deal.   Well, they were a rather huge deal actually, but I see no reason, as a fan, to make an even bigger deal out of them.  RIOT lacked a degree of foresight in a novel endeavor and apologized to the players and the fans for their blunder.  We can all still be upset about our experiences, but raging at riot endlessly and threatening to quit the game over our frustrating evening is both childish and counterproductive.  The better reaction would be to voice concerns, inquire about what the actual technical issues were, and offer up suggestions on what might have made the experience easier on us.   For example, I think updates on the LoL frontpage and their twitter should have been offered more frequently.  There were a few crashes where nobody outside of the people at the live event knew what was happening.  That's hundreds of thousands of fans sitting in front of dead streams wondering if they have time to go out for more beer or not.  Let me tell you that this was a serious dilemma for me up until I remembered I had left three bottles in my crisper for some reason.  But increasing the frequency of communication with stream viewers is just one idea.   The OP gave two other ideas regarding how to prevent crashes like this in the future (before he raged out and quit the game).  I'm sure the casters from last night would suggest having backup casters to sub for them for at least 10-15 minute breaks here and there when technical issues like this cause games to go down.  Were Deman and Jatt even allowed a bathroom break during their 9 hour castathon?  And the players as well.  Food breaks?  Psychological counseling after having to restart hour long games where victory was very likely?  Massages?   I don't know.  I just feel like raging about how this is some massive unforgivable failure is a great way to be poisonous to a fun game, a great community, and the future of ESports.  We can either participate in and contribute to ESports' evolution or we can spit on it.  In sum, this is our culture, and I'd rather see it stay civilized.   The
0	Come now, stop being unreasonable. At least admit that patting someone down for some BS security job isn't on the same moral level of decision as some sergeant telling his men to slaughter civilians a la My Lai. "Pat down that guy" is NOT equal to "kill that 8 year old". The 'just following orders' thing doesn't even apply here, so get off your high horse. Also, where is it OK to hire someone to "racistly molest" someone? That's just a terribly infantile hypothetical that doesn't apply to anything or even prove your point. People need money to live, and if the TSA is the one around hiring, people are going to take the job. Food on table + shelter will ALWAY trump taking some vaguely moral position because it's either that or become homeless/starve.
1	Refusing to play with the meta isnt reportable, however refusing to cooperate with the team is. If you at the very start said "Id like to Talon mid, please pick a AP top or AP jungler please", then thats just switching things around, nothing wrong. However if top is already picked and you click talon without warning, and your team asks you to play a AP carry cause your team is lacking one and you refuse to, that is reportable. Its like when your lastpick refuses to support, so he refuses to communicate with team and fill what they need, and goes duo mid/duo jungle, when your team wants him to bot.   It really depends on the context.
1	Great idea. You can use WW as well.  But in my opinion ou should not hide your scars. Each wound a memory, each memory makes a person to who he us. Those scars are part of you, and you should not have problem and should even e priud to have those marks. I know you might think they are ugly, but it shows that maybe you are scared from the outside, but you are a fighter and aint gonna give up. I have lots of scared, i have some i. My face, chest, shoulders, back, and on one knee but i am proud to show them. Because they are part of me.
1	I think it's interesting that while TSM had a dedicated manager, Jack Etienne, and not a manager/player, the team ended up winning the Spring Split. Now, Jack's team is the best team in the NA LCS by far and TSM is struggling under Regi's immaturity and dictator-like personality. I'm really happy that LoL eSports is definitely arriving (ex. Staples Center for S3 WCG & pro-athlete visas for players) but it definitely shows that running a team is a business, not just a bunch of friends grouping together. If TSM continues this path, they're going to end up like Team MRN, relegated and imploding under questionable leadership.
1	This subreddit has the worst moderation a subreddit can really have. Its not a new trend that the subreddit mods are completely isolated from the community. Occasionally it will get attention with the destiny post and when clakeydeeeeeeeeeee's AMA + stream promotion thread was removed with 1.2k upvotes...   But it just gets really frusturating that the moderators see this as THEIR community. Thats really the problem. Good moderators see their subreddit or community as someone elses community, and their job isn't to make the community what they want, but to allow the community to make itself (IE: with reddit we have the upvote and downvote buttons which determines generally speaking the content we like and don't like).   Occasionally if something gets out of hand and someone makes a thread about it, then maybe they can rule on that. Like back several months ago there was a comic contest that resulted in like 10/25 posts on the frontpage being comic contest fan art and stuff. But whether or not thats allowed, there were also complaint threads about it, which informed the moderators that maybe they should make some sort of rule or decision regarding that. But on these matters they start to make unilateral decisions based on solely their own opinions, and actually against the community will at the time.   If ClakeyDeeeeee makes an ama then his friend asks people to upvote it on his stream. You should probably not delete the ama unless someone posts a thread that gets attention calling him out for upvoting it. Thats how a reddit community can shape itself. Not by an oligarchy of mods who decide what is and isn't ok, but by community members who can join together and make mods aware of issues.   In this case the moderators decided that this was a "witch hunt" and based on the community reaction with this thread and the other thread re: "can I make a post saying "destiny" without it being removed?" thread. The moderators are DEAD wrong about what the community considers to be witch hunting. Whether they still believe that they are correct in saying its a witch hunt or not, the community disagrees. Whether or not they care now... thats the issue.   In my opinion they should care what we think. But they don't.   I know the community has gotten huge and hard to handle, but I honestly believe that the worst aspects of this community is the over-moderation.   I started to not really like this subreddit when it really did start turning into General Discussion. Its decisions like this that the moderators make that are ultimatly doing that.
1	I know there are many Riot employees who check Reddit and we should show them how much we appreciate their work. I'm not saying we aren't, I'm actually very satisfied with the comments on this topic about the servers being down. But it seems that The official forums are getting flooded by spoiled kids who always get what they want.
1	Let's get some things straight. I know how to play this game, I know how to adapt to new things and I know to be mindful of the existence of the mastery point when engaging someone.   None of that has any relevance because I don't think it's a good idea at its core. I don't think having enough damage to outright kill someone, executing your combo fully, and they survive purely from Dangerous Game is a good game mechanic, because there is no reasoning behind its existence other than Riot going 'we need ideas for new masteries let's try this.' And when I survive because of Dangerous Game, I apologise to my opponent in all-chat because I know how frustrating this bullshit is to play your cards right and execute your combo which would kill the opponent if they didn't get 5% health for free from killing you first.
0	Race shouldn't even exist as a social distinction, but it is.  People should be able to say that they prefer not to be called a term that is essentially a step above "Negro."   Negro and Black are both terms that refer to color. African-American, and (X)-American, are terms that apply to everyone equally and do not reference color or historical periods when color mattered. It's pretty reasonable.   There are also circles who believe "Black" should refer only to descendants of African-American slaves, while African-American should be reserved for non-slave descendants. Barack Obama would be African-American and not Black under such terms.
0	This applies to review systems all over the internet, by the way.  In just one week I had negative reviews of a shitty Linksys router declined by Office Depot, and negative review of a poor quality golf travel bag declined by Golfsmith - in both cases the retailer from whom I purchased the item.  I failed to follow "community guidelines" which must include something like "all reviews must reflect positively on our merchandise".   So I went over to Amazon and found the same products - and gave them a honest but scathing review over there.  Amazon is legit, by the way.
1	Yep. Such fear mongering about Heroes of the Storm, which from my experience with it, is not going to come close to tanking League or any modes therein.   This reminded me vaguely of when new MMOs come out and everyone takes to the forums to insist the new game is going to jam a steak in WoW's heart and finally end it. Never happens.   Just like WoW is in the MMO genre, League is  the  MOBA and it is pretty safe, as is Dominion. Does Dominion need work? For sure. Is it still fun? You bet. It'll get there. It hasn't been forgotten.   I am quite sure and have been since ARAM was moved to Howling Abyss and integrated into Freljord that the Crystal Scar is going to move to Shurima (And as I predicted, Skarner was moved to Shurima to establish important rivalries with other Shuriman champions that he previously lacked in entirety, not to mention Nasus, Sivir, Renekton, Xerath and major ties were drawn to Cassiopeia and thus Noxus's influence).   However, it won't be for a while. I think what happened was the Summoner's Rift update took longer than anticipated (and rightfully so), and this pushed back Dominion's visual upgrade and move from Kalamanda (a place which had no reason to even exist and featured one isolated champion) to Shurima (a zone rich with champions, storylines, and plot potential..at least recently).   In saying all this, I think we just need to be patient. Once Summoner's Rift is completed, this leaves the entire environmental design team to shift their focus to the only visually outdated map: Crystal Scar.   Only only concern is that they will place seasonal skins for Rift as a higher priority to Crystal Scar. I doubt that will happen, though.
0	I fill my empty Grey Goose bottles with cheaper vodka, usually Smirnoff. Its an ongoing joke with my close friends that we only drink the finest Smirgoose. Not much brings me more joy than listening to girls say they "only drink Grey Goose" and watching them love my Smirgoose.
0	The meme is only meant to describe OP's situation.  He didn't say that all women are like this, just the women in his family.  In fact, OP made a comment that "Maybe it's just families".   I know that when I go to my sister's for Christmas and my mom and dad say "Well, we better get going" that my mom will then talk to my sister for a good 20 minutes.  Happens every year.  I don't hate them for it.  It's just something that happens.  As such, I can relate to this meme and chuckle accordingly.  I'm sure there are women out there who saw the meme and thought "Oh God, my brothers are the exact same way".
1	I'd like to add some feedback on GC, coming from someone who has played WoW since the beta.  I still play now on occasion, but my days of hardcore have been over since the launch of MoP.   If I recall correctly, GC wasn't even working at Blizzard until WOTLK or TBC, I can't remember.   Anyway, I'll defer this into two seperate categories: PVP and PVE.   To me, PVE has always for the most part been balanced.  There were times when content wasn't as challenging as originally designed due to some classes being overpowered (yes, I'm looking at you paladins).  During one point in WoW, I believe the end of TBC, paladins were offensively broken.  You could have a raid with nothing but paladin healers.  If they had a decent amount of haste and mana regen, they could literally spam a heal that had a 1.3 second cast and healed tanks for a quarter of their health, all the while never dropping below 3/4 mana if they used their cd's effectively.  I know this, because I did it.  Balancing on the other classes doesn't really stand out in my mind because none of the other classes were EVER this broken in PVE.  Except maybe druids, but their healing numbers were changed gradually overtime to make them more in line.   As far as PVE goes, I've never seen a nerf that wasn't absolutely needed.  In WOTLK, paladins could 1 v 6, spam their aoe and walk away with full health.  When Cata first launched, warriors and warlocks could gimmick their way into one-shotting all but the most geared pvpers.  Lastly, as far as frost mages go, not only did GC WANT to nerf frost mages, but overtime he did.  You can see this in the highest level of play.  End of Wrath PVP tournament saw at least 1 frost mage, maybe even two, for every single 3v3 team.  By the time the end of Cata came along, the top tier teams almost never had a frost mage.  The only players that did were the most loyal of mage players.  Admittedly, frost mages are a little strong right now, but GC left in November so that's not even his fault.   Two last things:  The changes to talents and trees, I despise.  I really do.  I understand why the changes were implemented, and I even accept that maybe it wasn't even GC doing, but whoever changed the talent trees in WoW really started a spiral of me playing WoW less and less competitively.  Ever since then, and some changes to auto shot mechanics, the game has gotten WAY too easy (sorry Blizzard)   And finally, my favorite argument of all, is look at WoW PVP before GC was there.  If anyone played in Vanilla, they know what I'm talking about.  It. Was. Out. Of. Control.  The game wasn't even close to polished.  Hunters could auto attack without even facing you, and they didnt need to stutter step either.  Rogue Invis was out of control.  Warlocks could chain cc any class to death.  And Paladins were literally gods amongst men.  Lastly: twinks.  That's the only argument anyone needs.  Twinks effectively DESTROYED any chance of enjoyable PVP before end-game.  It didn't require skill to twink, just a HUGE bank account.
1	Only people who jelly of you're 1500 don't understand how bad people are at 1500. That's the source of the downvotes. I made a comment a while ago about how decent players only start becoming the majority in the game in 1700+ brackets, and even then not by much.
0	I always live by the saying, "beauty is in the eye of the beholder." While you may be right about Gina not being as pretty as Stacy, I think one (I do, personally) could find Gina to be much more beautiful simply because of the fact that she has a much better personality.   I wouldn't go so far as to say my gf is the most beautiful person on the face of this planet, but I usually find her to be prettier than most the girls I know, simply because she doesn't have a scumbag personality. (Where a ton of the girls I know do have that personality type.)   I'll also admit most of them are probably good in bed, but I don't think I could ever like it.
0	Alright story time, I never get to tell this story and it's like one of my only two moments of ever being a complete bad ass (in my mind that is).   I volunteered at the Boys and Girls Club once because they needed help with this Halloween festival that they were throwing. I was assigned the task of driving this tractor around the park, and giving rides to anyone who needed it (was actually pretty bad ass). I was supposed to do this for the better part of ten hours, but a little after the first hour the tractor broke down. The woman who was running the entire event became aware of this, and was finding it difficult to find another task for me. Instead of going home, I took it upon myself to go around to each booth and relieve other volunteers, so that they could go eat lunch or just take a break.   Fast forward to the end of the festival, I've now worked at every single booth in the park, and I have met all of the volunteers at this point (no breaks myself mind you). The woman running the entire event rallied up all the volunteers for one last meeting. She assigned everyone cleaning responsibilities, but before we dispersed some local high school students asked her to sign their hour sheets (I'm assuming a graduation requirement). She flat out refused to sign them. She stated that she never agreed to do that; keep in mind she's easily 280+ lbs. and hasn't done a single thing all day.   She then had the audacity to tell them to get to work on cleaning. The defeated look on these students faces completely pissed me off. I'm pretty tired and hungry at this point, so without even thinking I said, and I quote, "that's fucking stupid. You're fucking stupid," right in front of a group of about 30 volunteers. She completely lost it.   She started screaming that I haven't done a single thing all day, that I broke their tractor, she was demanding to know what school I went to, she wanted to know my principle's name; her pissed off fat face was completely red (imagine the blueberry girl from Willy Wonka, but red). After her little rage, the entire group is just staring at me, so I respond:   "I'm not a high school student, I'm a 20 year old just volunteering his time. There isn't anyone you can contact. However, if you can get me the number to your supervisor that would be greatly appreciated. If this is how you treat your volunteers, then I can only imagine the way you treat the poor kids at the Boys and Girls Club."   She was completely dumbstruck. You could literally see her trying to process what just happened. She responded:   "Well if you want the number you're going to need to find a pen and a piece of paper." (You weren't allowed to have your phone on you was one of their requirements for volunteering.)   I then, in quite possibly the smoothest move in my entire life, pulled out three pens from my pocket and said:   "I actually anticipated something like this happening when I initially spoke to you on the phone. Would you like a black, blue, or red pen?" One of the high school students were more than happy to give me a piece of paper. She wrote the number down and literally threw it at me. When it hit the ground we both just stared at it. I kicked it towards her and asked if she wanted to try that again. I watched as she struggled to bend over to pick it up and then hand it to me. I then told her that I had zero intentions of cleaning up, so I handed her a garbage bag and promptly left.   I did end up calling her supervisor and leaving a message. He called me back, left a message, saying that he would be more than happy to sign my hours sheet for school. I didn't bother following up with that since I realized it wasn't worth fighting these incompetent people over nothing.
0	I disagree: I love talking to my religious friends in a sensible manner. I converted my Islamic roommate to aetheism, he then reconverted to a more fundamentalist variant and really challenged my perceptions of the world.
0	i agree to not talk bad about the dead for the rest of the family, but i do not understand lying about the dead.... My grandmother was a horrible person who sued my mom for my late uncle's life insurance money. My mom inherited it from  due her being the only one to help him when he was alive. Grandmother only showed up to see if he died yet to "get her money".... At the funeral everyone cried and said how good of a person she was.... Me and one of my aunts stood around looking at everyone like they were crazy and making fun of the old bat.
1	I decided to resign myself from watching Fnatic games after the first couple of losses, the amount of emotional stress I suffered was just too much for me to handle lol. Those first couple of losses totally ruined my evenings.   I've been thinking alot about why they've been losing, and analyzed even a couple of their games, and as Rekkles leads on, came to the same conlcusion that the confidence the guys got, after the winstreak, probably went to their head. One does not have to be particulary perceptive to notice it, their plays just turned sloppy. After the first couple of losses the team probably went on tilt and that's where they are now.   I don't know if any of you will be reading this, but I've been a Fnatic fan since season 1. Tbh, at first it was mainly because Cyanide is the only Finnish pro, but as time passed by the whole team has grown on me, and for me one of the more definitive wins for Fnatic was the awesome Dreamhack winter final against EG with a double bruiser comp. And don't get me started with IPL5.
0	I had more of a Bad Luck Brian experience. In junior high a very nerdy girl was obsessed with me. Big glasses, braces, terrible acne, bone skinny, super smart. Being your typical junior high school douche I brushed her off and made fun of her. In high school she got contacts, lost her acne, became super fit (a state dancing champion), all while remaining the best performing student in the school. I started hanging with the drama club and band. She no longer gave me the time of day (rightfully).   Today she's a scientist with her doctorate and was a cheerleader for an NFL team. She also co-owns a professional dance company that my two year high school/college girlfriend dances for. I'm a forever alone college dropout who lives in his parent's basement.
1	While I know people are complaining about Riot's servers, servers aren't the easiest thing to fix, and that's probably taking up a large majority of their staff. That and player support. They have 1000 employees, INCLUDING all of their employees in each new region released, regions that they're looking to release and the ARMIES of server techs that must exist for EUNE, EUW, and NA. As LoL is growing with money, most of the growth is not going to fund the product being made, most of it is going to the rest of the product team.   Imagine this, in all of the new regions released (Turkey, Greece, Brazil, Russia, Latin America, Oceania), Riot needs at least 15 employees. That includes server techs, player support, management and localization teams. There's 100 employees right there. eSports probably has generated another 100+ jobs and transferred some of their old staff. It would appear Phreak is now entirely the Riot representative to eSports and has no part in whatever his old role at Riot was.   You can argue on the size of VALVe being smaller than Riot and complaining that Riot came up with a worse game, but when Riot needed to make their game, they had a lot more to do than make an Engine. VALVe based their game on DotA. Riot had to develop all their new content from scratch (I'm aware many champs share abilities from DotA champs, but there's still a lot that goes into that work).   claims that DotA2 hits 4 million monthly users. This is a very impressive number. The same article cites LoL at 12 million daily users and 30 million monthly users (I'm honestly more interested in the cool fact that this means that the average LoL player plays only every 2.5 days). I don't know how reliable that source is, but realize how much that means Riot needs to pour into server maintenance. (NOTE: Riot doesn't control most of their servers in Asia, and I don't know if VALVe does control those servers or not, so the numbers are closer than they seem).
0	I live in the UK, so I can only imagine how fucking stupid this shit is. It serves my point though - Trade Unions are utter fucking bullshit.   They're out of date, not fit for purpose, obstructionist assburgers who love nothing more than to get in the way of development and hide under the banner of 'standing up for the little guy' when in fact they're run by even fucking worse tyrants than the companies they oppose.   And what sort of bullshit system of apportioning holiday is that?! "You've not been bothered to try and find a better job or you're not aspirational enough, so HERE, get whatever the fuck you want in return with union blessing". Fuck that.   Good luck with your wedding, enjoy it!
1	sometimes me and calbel go to the bathroom together and we take turns having showers and we always make sure we scrub behind the backs of our ears because that is a very secluded spot that can get infiltrated with germs and bacteria and you must watch out for that as it can spread to your ear causing you to get an infection or fungus which could potentially lead to an alien growth within your brain that turns into spiders crawling into your mouth while you sleep.
1	When Scuttle Crab came out, I was playing league with a group of friends and I accidentally called him Skittles, and considering how cute and often it was said, we now call him Skittles, but we also have named the other one near Baron to Taunty, because RIP Taunty, you will be missed.
0	Well, you've got lots and lots of time. Your final year of high school and first two years of college will be times when you want to explore this topic as hands-on as you can. I did lots and lots of career research before I decided, but nothing beats actual experience with a subject or career field for knowing what you want to do.   I was a HS dropout. After high school, I drifted about not doing anything substantial with my life. At 19 I went to work at a restaurant in the town I was living in and my experience there really turned me around. I was promoted to management six months in and spent 2.5 years as a restaurant manager.   I got my GED at 21 and started taking community college courses at 22. After my first semester at the community college I quit my full-time job at the restaurant and started looking for part-time work. I had always wanted to be a psychologist for some reason. I think that humans and the human mind just always really interested me when I was younger. So that was my initial plan and I was unofficially a psychology major.   Doing some research early on made it clear to me that the psychologist career had some major pitfalls. For one, good Phd programs are insanely competitive. Two, it would take 5-8 years of post undergrad education and out of the Phd program the pay really isn't that great. I also just didn't feel sure that the job description was exactly right for me. It didn't sound varied enough and intellectually stimulating in the way I was wanting to be stimulated.   So about 23/24, as a sophomore I switched to economics after taking the intro economics courses. I really loved it. I had always been really good and really interested in the social sciences, but also loved math and science. Here was a subject that seemed to combine both worlds, so it provided the varied subject matter I was after. The main downfall here was that, once again, it would be 5-8 years of post undergrad. Also, career prospects as an "economist" are narrow and somewhat rigidly defined. I began to notice I felt a great deal of dread and sorrow when I imagined having my entire career laid out for me in a neat sequence of expected milestones and events before I had even started. I learned what attracted me to being an economist and psychologist was the autonomy and the idea of helping make society better. I also learned I wanted spontaneity and a degree of uncertainty in my future, along with flexibility and variety.   Having a child shortly after I began college also influenced my decision-making. I realized, not too long ago actually, how important it was to me to be able to choose where I wanted to live. As a Phd professor or university researcher you do have some choices where to live, but those choices are very restricted and relocation is pretty much inevitable if you want to make career leaps.   One thing I learned from all the career research I was doing was that I needed a solid math background for an economics degree and that I needed some computing skills. So I took math and computer programming courses out of necessity rather than interest. However, I really loved my intro to stats course. After that, I really enjoyed my intro computer programming course. I already knew from all the career research I had done that applied math and computer science was where good-paying jobs right out of undergrad were to be found (my actual experience has proven this correct).   Calculus sucked, but the feeling of accomplishment from having learned it was awesome. I realized that having a math degree would put me into some sort of class of intellectually elite. Let's face it, people hear you have a university degree in math and they think you must be a genius. Plus, math had what I had always desperately needed from education, and that was to be challenged. It's possibly the most intellectually challenging program and I'm someone who needs constant brain stimulation.   Also around this time I started reading that a combination of statistics and computer programming skills were in very high demand and expected to be in high demand in the future. Furthermore, people with those kind of skills often go into entrepreneurship, which is something I have strongly considered because of my personality type and needs.   So that's where I am now. I start my first good-paying job (technically an internship) on Monday. I'm 28. I'll graduate with a statistics degree at 29 and may or may not go directly to getting a Masters. My plan had always been to get the Masters if I didn't have an awesome job right after undergrad, but now it's looking like I may in fact have an awesome job after undergrad, so we'll see.
1	then people be like,
1	Now I feel like a jackass, I just know that there was a lot of attention on a post that mentioned the servers being currently moved to St. Louis due to jobs opening up at that office, which were denied by a Riot employee. Since that post was so recent I thought maybe you two hadn't revisited it since the Riot employee responded.
1	First off, IP bans aren't a solution. It's not difficult at all to circumvent.   Making a new account isn't exactly simple either - you start out at level 1 and at the  least  have to grind your way back up to 30. Don't just assume that everyone that gets banned immediately turns around and continues trolling.   Honestly, I think that people overestimate the troll issue and underestimate the impact that the Tribunal has had. Yes, it's difficult to measure its success rate - but you can't say it's not "doing its job" because there are still trolls. There will always be trolls. And you also can't assume these guys are trolling every single game. If they troll 1 in 20 and you happen to be in that 1 game, sure it'll look like a huge problem. The Tribunal doesn't judge off of 1 game, so obviously it will take some time for any action to happen - and only if its repeated.  The real culprit is the mentality that trolling is an acceptable solution for being butthurt about something, not the people that are griefing. Because of this, there will always be a cycle of people getting banned, and new problem people emerging.
0	Actually, science doesn't technically ever prove that something is true. According to the scientific method, you can only provide evidence that there is a correlation of some sort between x and y. And after several studies it may become widely accepted as a construct to work with. But using science one thing you can do is show that something is definetely not true.   Anyway, there isn't a litmus test for God's existence to show some sort of correlation even with the scientific method. There's arguments on both sides to justify their beliefs.   One of the definitions of belief on dictionary.com is: "confidence in the truth or existence of something not immediately susceptible to rigorous proof: a statement unworthy of belief. "   I really don't think at this point there's a rigorous test to prove existence of God or non-existence. It's not exactly falsifiable or really testable. So in my humble opinion, I think that having conviction in non-existence of God is still a belief because there aren't any rigorous tests nor is there anything really falsifiable about it. I mean sure, you can say there's lots of research and studies that goes against everything in religious scriptures and render them invalid. But that's not the same as going against the idea of a being that is above us. I'm awaiting my downvotes now.
0	Hmm I guess I agree.  I wouldn't say that we are completely uninterested though.  I mean if we are your friend we definitely like you, even if it's not romantic. And if offered, I don't think I know one girl friend who I wouldn't go boom boom with if they wanted.  So I guess yes it is a friend zone, but it's a different friend zone.
1	This is probably going to be buried but here goes...   I'm going to draw a comparison here between e-sports and 'real' sports.  In real sports, teams are comprised mostly by athletes who exhibit the adequate physiques/reflexes/conditioning required of the sport.  Most of the actual strategy of the team is drawn up by coaches and other technical staff.  Sometimes there are players capable of innovation during gameplay but these aren't nearly as common, in my opinion.  FOR THE MOST PART, professional athletes are professional because they exhibit the necessary physical and neurological makeups to succeed, and not because they are tactical geniuses.   I think it's time that this should be taken into account for e-sports, as well.  In LoL, there are a great many players who are very mechanically gifted and are able to consistently perform in solo queue ranked, which let's face it, is no more than a measure of one's mechanical skill for the most part.  I DO ACKNOWLEDGE EXCEPTIONS TO THE RULE.  However, as seen in the growing competitive landscape being laid out, mechanics alone do not win games.  At the top top level, all players have good mechanics.  Winning is now down to strategy/psychology and things of that nature.  I feel that a lot of the teams in the NA scene, including TSM, are just teams made up of high level solo queue players with good mechanics but that lack any actual ability to theorize and innovate at a high level.  Also, I've noticed a sort of hubris about the e-sports/LoL scene that suggests that only former/current top players of the game in question are fit to coach and strategize and what not.  I wholeheartedly disagree.  How many coaches in professional sports are former top players?  VERY VERY VERY FEW.  Just as there are some people who are masters of mechanics in games like LoL, there are also people who lack those abilities but can theorycraft like a boss.   So, do TSM need a coach?  Almost certainly, though not just one to improve their discipline.  I think it'd befit most teams to have non playing members included as part of the official 'roster' that are constantly theorizing and predicting and innovating the style of play, working with the players at the same time to test viability and practicality.  This alone would be a huge boost to the quality of gameplay, in my opinion.  I also think that it would help with the stagnation of certain strategies.  If each pro team has their own miniteam within a team of people constantly devising new ways to play, wouldn't the game grow and change and become deeper at a much more enjoyable pace?
1	I have never had a d/c where it wasn't riots fault, good news about this is when i dc i can just go surf the web. Don't QQ at players when it isn't there fault they are just trying to relax and play a game.
0	I did one in my first year of uni that was due at 12:00. Because I was basically Lazy College Senior in first year I started the process of going online to submit it about 11:56ish, but then the internet went really slow and it was received at 12:00:50. I nearly started crying, panicked (knowing it was my own fault for leaving it so late kind of made it worse) and rushed into the school to see what the procedure was. Turns out at my school they still accept it as on time until 12:00:59 if the deadline for that specific piece of work for that specific module is phrased as  at  12:00, not  by  12:00, which it was. The lady at Student Services was looking at me like I was the worst person and kept telling me I was really lucky and should plan better. Which was true.  That was the closest call I ever had and I am so lucky that that module leader at my school worked that way as pretty much anywhere else I'd have failed.
0	Honestly, I feel like it's a gray area. I think that society should make healthy living the most attractive kind of lifestyle, and part of that is making obesity and smoking unattractive. And, as annoying as it was, the comments from acquaintances did help me limit my smoking and eventually stop. I'm back at it recently, but i keep it pretty minimal with only one or two a day. Then again, I also feel like it's each individual's business what they put in their bodies. So I'm conflicted I guess. But I don't think it is productive to have voices saying that being obese is okay. Being obese doesn't make you a bad person, but it does make you very unhealthy. I also don't think that major campaigns saying "big is beautiful" are helpful. Everyone is attractive to someone, but most people aren't attractive to everyone. That is a fact of life and I think helping people get over not being attractive is more productive than telling them they are perfect the way they are. I'm pretty rambly right now so:
1	From what I remember the main reason League of Legends was made was for people to have fun... instead of worrying about how much ELO you have and how much time you're wasting just play the game and learn to have fun. Be it win or lose.
0	Well, I mean, let's even take a look at Welfare, which is a step beyond Unemployment, and is  actually  government funded and therefore possibly, tangentially, your business as opposed to unemployed insurance which is funded by the businesses themselves and none of your damned business.   I had it for a grand total of 4 months, during which time I received roughly $200/mo. That's not a typo. That's what Lewis Black would call "just enough money to remind you how fucked you are".   In the state I live in, you are required to participate in "volunteer" programs. They are, in my experience, necessary things. They are things that local businesses, non-profit though they may be,  need  to get done. However, instead of evaluating their business model to get the work they need done, they sign up with the office in charge of the program, and they get people being herded in upon pain of loss of what little money they  are  getting to work.   Altogether it's a  massive  minimum wage dodge along with a government subsidy for work that  should  be going to paid laborers. You're not getting paid for the work, you're receiving government benefits that "coincidentally" will end if you do not perform said work. As such, it's very common in this state for people to be working 30-40 hours per week for what amounts to $2/hr or less.   When I was in, they assigned me to a "volunteer" program at the other end of town. Requests for a closer location were met with "we don't have anything". At this point I didn't have a car I could legally drive there, so I had to take the bus. By bus (our city has a horrible public transportation system), it took nearly 3 hours each way. Furthermore, the buses start running at approximately 8am and stop running at about 6pm, so while other people had to go 3 days a week, I had to go 5 because I still had a "minimum required hours" and transit time didn't count, so after transit time I couldn't get in enough hours per day to get in the 3 days a week worth of time that those who lived closer and/or got better transportation got.   So, every weekday I spent 100% of standard business hours unable to job hunt. Incidentally I still had to get in an additional 10-20 hours of documented job applications each week, but it was rarely face-to-face application because they were already shut down for the day.   So,
1	I'll assume you type the default style where you have your hand stationary and don't really sway your hand left and right when typing unlike me and many other people since you find pressing Z with your thumb easier than Ctrl with your pinky, correct me if i'm wrong there. Its interesting though and i'd like to dig into it cause the way most players use their key-bindings is related to how they type. If you tend to use your pinky to only press the Shift key when typing while the other three fingers do the rest of the typing its highly likely that you play with your pinky in reserve to press Shift or Ctrl.   That being said I do type and play like that due to habits and find typing with my pinky extremely strange. I'd assume anyone who doesn't like the 'default' Ctrl + Q/W/E/R to level up their spells also has learnt the more traditional typing style with each finger assigned to a line of keys rather than moving your hand around and over each side of the keyboard.   On a more useful note though just because a LCS player uses X, Y and Z keybindings doesn't mean you will adapt to it and play better. Its best to find out how you normally type on a keyboard and mold your keybindings around your hand placement when you type since there are many different keybinding layouts.
0	I love how the first part of the thing you link literally says: "most people who think they have an eidetic memory, don't, they just have good memories." Having an actual eidetic memory is very rare/exceptionally unique and are all somewhat sketchy.   Remembering conversations people had when you are 'dead drunk,' is the worst example ever. Mainly for the fact that you have no idea whether you have remembered it perfectly or not. The only thing confirming your memory is your  own  memory. The evidence is being used to prove itself.   The memory will seem super clear, but that doesn't mean it is accurate. Moreover, theoretical eidetic memories are people that can remember everything ever said or done near them.
0	However, in the northern hemisphere its often the case that houses in the east of a built up areas are in worse neighbourhoods. This is because the prevailing wind would (or does) bring air pollution from industrial plants in the centre and make the area undesirable and so more affordable for workers. Even in post industrial cities the trend is often for established poor areas to be in the east.
0	Personally, I wouldn't refer to an average 16 year old as a man or a woman.  Until you've held a job, supported a family, cared for someone... or just shown a large amount of responsibility, I don't consider that person an adult.   For example, I would not call Will Ferrel in  Step Brothers  as a man Even though he's 40 in the film, he is completely void of responsibility.  A 16 year old who gets As in school, takes care of a younger sibling in place of a parental figure, and holds a job can be referred to as a Man or Woman.   My first post was a generalization, this one drills down a bit.
0	I grew up in San Jo as well. While working at the Costco on Senter rd., many customers came up to me and either asked me, a very obviously white guy, if I spoke Spanish, or they just rolled up to me, speaking Spanish as if I would answer them fluently.  It annoyed me then, and since I have been living in Seoul S. Korea for the last 4 years, I have little patience for people who move somewhere and resist even basic survival level in the language.  Now, if you move to another country, and just stay with your kind, and only speak your native tongue to the other foreigners with whom you share community, you will probably get by. However, you are basically shutting yourself out of the community. You are not providing anything to the culture, nor enriching yourself from it. I say this, having learned enough Korean to get by. Am I fluent, probably will never be. But I respect Korean people enough not to go up to them and say, "Do you speak English". Why? It just seems like it would be a big FUCK YOU to the country where I am living as a GUEST. I know Americans like this, who never leave the foreign district, and never learn the language, past maybe, "맥주 주세요", and I have no respect for them.
0	Why?  In what class is it acceptable to give answers based on outside information?   In a real life job, it doesn't fucking matter how you got the info, as long as you do it right. Math is NOT an assignature where you have to memorize stuff and follow your teacher like Moses received the ten fucking commandments. If your teacher does that, he's doing it WRONG.   Math works by rules, and methods have their reasons to be; verifiable reasons. For example, the "Factor passes to the other side of the equation by being divided" is just the consequence of dividing both sides of an equation by that number.
1	I got used to pressing Y to switch between the two. I usually play unlocked on purple side most of the time, and in lane when I CS, because it makes it easier when you're moving around a lot (just that little bit harder to click a minion when your camera is moving). I look at other places on the map by dragging my mouse on the minimap, and in teamfights I play locked camera, as I find it much easier to aim skillshots, and see where the heck my character is in locked screen.   Playing locked screen doesn't make you a noob, heck, Dyrus plays locked screen.
1	But then you can't hear the commentators, and a lot of people want that.  One thing it does help however, is that quite a few people will watch it via spectator mode and not the stream, which reduces the number of people watching the stream, which reduces the load that twitch.tv has to handle, which is what they have been struggling with for tournaments.
0	This is known as CSS reflow. It happens when someone doesn't specify the exact height and width for something in a website, and when the website loads it, it can sometimes turn out to be bigger than the browser allocated space for, so it makes the website "shift around" quite a bit as it tries to make room for it.
1	At some point, you just sort of run out of things to do. The purpose of summoner spells are to provide the most basic functions for stats.   e.g. ignite is basic damage/healing reduction, flash/ghost are basic mobility, barrier is basic shield, heal is basic heal, exhaust is basic cc, clarity is basic mana regen.   The only truly unique summoner spell -sort of- is Teleport. There's just a tremendous amount of pressure involved with creating a new spell that every champion in the game has access to that's simultaneously good enough to be a viable option for the majority of champions (god forbid something be niche) and not good enough to be incredibly broken. The amount that a good summoner spell would effect the game would be immense.   For example...   Summoner Spell - Freeze     Stuns opponents for 1 second     Sounds pretty basic, right? However, it would completely shift the meta and upset the balance of power. It'd be used on champs who suffer because they currently lack hard cc, and would be a massive buff. It would be godly on tons of champs who rely on hard-to-hit skill shots to open up their combo (Swain, for example). All in all, it'd be sort of a mess.   Tweaking the rarely used ones? First of all, I think there's a lot more diversity of summoner spells than you think. In the average game, it's perfectly common to have ghost and teleport on your top laner, smite and flash on your jungler, ignite and flash on your midlaner, barrier and flash on your ADC, and exhaust and flash on your support. It's not altogether too uncommon to see heal either, especially on things like Soraka. Cleanse is pretty common as well, especially if the adc has low mobility and is up against a high CC duo, like Jinx/Leona or Ashe/Zyra.   So, that leaves three summoner spells that are truly rarely seen.     Clairvoyance - This is probably the one you could make the most convincing case to be buffed, along with blue trinket. That said, if you really did need the temporary vision, you'd just go ahead and buy the blue trinket. A trinket slot is much less valuable than having flash is.     Clarity - This is a summoner spell that's just flawed in concept. By limiting it to champions that use mana and actually need mana, you instantly make it a niche pick at best. Because of its high CD and unreliability, it's not good enough to fix mana problems for any champions anyways, and it scales awfully if you end up buying an actual item to solve those mana problems. In the endgame, Clarity will be nigh useless. Ignite or Barrier, however, scale extremely well.     Revive - Stupid for obvious reasons. It's basically the summoner equivalent of Runic Blessing (or whatever that new shield defensive mastery is). It depends on you dying a decent amount to actually get value out of it. And, you know, dying in general isn't the right thing to do. The respawn timer won't come in handy all the time, and it's on an extraordinarily high cooldown, so you're basically using a summoner slot to provide potential utility and homeguards. MMMMno.
1	I can't possibly cover all the reasons but here are some of the main ones...     In the early days Monte cried for professionalism and perfect player behavior while [taking pot shots at players]( after getting some negative comments on reddit and his blog. He could dish it out but not take the heat. To his credit he eventually realized that the eSports infrastructure chasm in NA necessitates teams and players to conduct themselves differently from his then lofty goals. Yet when he did that people considered him a sell out. He just can't win.     Rightly or wrongly other people feel he is an opportunist who is at least partially responsible for the collapse of LoL at MLG thus harming the NA region. The argument goes that after selling MLG a bill of goods whereby GGChronicle staff would provide the talent needed to cast LoL (until Dota2 was ready for prime time,) he left them in the lurch as soon as he got a better offer from OGN. Objective measurements of stream ratings for MLG's LoL segments and MLG's direction on LoL seem to correlate well with these assertions.     Finally and probably most importantly there are several professional casters (including those at Riot) who believe he is a mediocre caster who simply has an easy region and ample production support to cushion his faults. He's been brought in to provide depth to the analysis desk, but he would potentially be toxic if given a bigger stage.
0	High jacking top comment for story time.   I was a club photographer for about a year. I got to know the door girls pretty well since I saw them every weekend. Fast forward, I was at a bar where I ran into one of the door girls. Very cute and very drunk. She pulls me aside and tells me that she's had a huge crush on me since she met me a year ago. I play it off to the drunkeness. I am also in a serious relationship at the time. The next night I get a FB message from girl at the bar apologizing of her drunkness but standing by her statement of "wanting to fuck me." I kindly refuse because of my gf. Few more weeks go by and it's cinco de mayo. I'm out with my gf and were pretty drunk. We go to one last stop before we go home and we run into said girl. I go to the bathroom and come out and my gf and other girl are completely making out in the corner. I walk up in confusion and ask what's going on. They both say. "We're taking you home right now" I obviously am in shock so I immediately call a cab and go home with both. So yes. Magic does happen.
0	I may have posted this on reddit before, can't remember, but it's kinda relevant in any case.   When I was in High School, they added a new thing that would have to be completed before we where given our diplomas. Don't pass it, and you don't graduate. We where the first grade to have to do it. They called it the "Culminating project." This thing was ridiculous. We started it in 8th or 9th grade, I can't remember which, and had to have it completed for our senior year.   Most people did stuff that actually did take them that long to do...help build a deck, build a garage, doghouse. Those sorts of things. Some restored old cars, blah blah.   Long story short, I chose to write a program in visual basic that would teach students simple math. Basically designed for children in elementary school. Well while everyone else slaved over actual difficult projects, I didn't do shit till my senior year about three weeks before they where actually due.   I remember finishing up my paper the day before it was due to be handed in. In any case, I wrote the basis of a program that just generated a bunch of numbers and did math on them, then cross checked the answer with what the user input. Get it right and you got a a little sun with sunglasses on that rose above a digital horizon and said "Good Job!" in block letters. Get it wrong and you had to retry the question. Took me like an hour in total to write, if that. Well we had to do a speech on our project, and write a paper about something that had to do with our project. I never wrote a speech and just winged it, explaining every line of code. They actually stopped me mid way through my speech just so I didn't talk for two more hours.   The paper was on the history of the computer and how important programming was for the future. I ended up getting "Outstanding" on the project and the speech part, but an "Unsatisfactory" on the paper. Well that paper was going to keep me from graduating. So they told me that if I just made the changes on the paper that where corrected in red ink, I'd pass and all would be fine.   Basically, I wrote it like I'm writing here; I said you, and me, and I...etc. They corrected all that to one, to make it more in line with a research paper or some such bullshit. Basically it was opinion. Well I changed all the yous, and mes, and Is to one, and resubmitted it.   I was returned the paper a few days later, again with a big fat "U" on the top of it. The kicker was that everything that was corrected where the ones into yous, and mes, and Is. A different teacher had graded it and said that it felt to impersonal.   I took the paper to the principle and showed him the two papers side by side, and I know he wanted to just facepalm by his expression. Instead he said, "Come down to the library and make the corrections in front of me, and I'll give you a P." P was for pass by the way.   So I ended up passing, but yeah, teachers be wack.
1	It's removing things for everyone because  some  people are jerks. It would be like universally disabling chat for everyone because some people can't stop raging.   I don't usually bother scouting people, but if you ever look at high Elo streams it's important and useful to know who you're with. "Do you want ADC Lcoo?"  "Nah qt I'll let gosu have it" obviously it doesn't work like that at all levels of play but that's life.   When you obfuscate everything to prevent abuse you are just introducing new abuses. Now Summoner 3 is insisting he's really X and he has so many games with Y and a 87% win rate and you have no way of verifying. It hinders the cooperation and compromise of people who are trying to do things the right way.
1	The lore and the creative side is definitely covered. I would play it. But i don't know about the gameplay.   PvE? PvP? Of course you can make simple "kill XX porous and return their ripped out tongues to me" quests. But are there any big PvE enemies in the LoL Lore? Like WoW had Archimond, Illidan, Onyxia, Arthas etc.   Do you play a certain champion which is based on a role? Or phrased differently, can you pick one of the 117 champions and play them as if you are in a MMORPG? This would require A SHIT TON of work. Since a good balanced MMORPG would need more than 4 abilities on each character. Which would mean you need thousands of abilities, that all are customized on each champion and yet is balanced. Or do you play a human like Champion that regarding its role & race has some special abilities? (E.g. Yordle Tank. Special ability: Curse of the sad mummy)   Would PvE be instanced as well? For how many players?  Would PvP be like Capture the flag/Dominion?  What about E-sports? Is the LoL MMORPG Free2play? I do not think Riot would spend so much money into a MMORPG with only macro transactions.   Imagine: Summoners Rift, Twisted Treeline, Dominion, Howling Abyss. There is so much incredible Detail in the environment even though the gameplay in a moba is more important. It would require AGES to develop the whole world of LoL as an open world which satisfies the RIOT art standard.
1	Longer post. Depends on what level of play (for reference, I play at Diamond and all of these still occur). Roughly speaking, here are a few common mistakes. I will only be focusing on LANING mistakes. If you want to know about more, let me know.     Bad positioning when last hitting. When you last hit, you need to be in a position to not be harassed by either the enemy adc or support. As a default, this means you want to be as far away from side bushes as possible when last hitting. This means that whoever harasses you cannot reset minion aggro by ducking into a bush, and it also means that you are less likely to get harassed. The only time that I last hit next to a bush is when my wave is pushing up (I have more minions). The purpose of this is to try to bait their support/ad into harassing me, then I all in them. With more minions on my side, I get an inherent advantage. Anyways, there is a lot to be said on this topic.     Trading too little. A lot of pairs fail to understand their power spikes. At what point should you be going in for all in trades? For example, Sona outdamages basically all supports at lvl 1. However, she loses fights at lvl 2, since her next choice of skill doesn't really add trading ability. You want to tailor your aggression to match your power spikes. Some common spikes: MF/Taric at 2 and 6, Draven/Taric at 2 and 6, Varus/Zyra at 3, etc.     Trading too much. This is similar to #2, but this is a failure to understand how your damage is dealt, and how much you can deal it. A classic example is something like blitz/x. Blitz grabs someone, E knock up, Ult. Hey you knocked them down to 2/3 hp. Your AD casts, and hey, he's at 1/2. You are winning! Well sorry, you just blew all your damage. If you grabbed someone like Taric/Leona/Lulu who can all in your AD, you are likely to lose the trade. So what I'm trying to say here, is get in and get out. Maximize your damage output, minimize your damage taken, then get out. Use your hp advantage to zone. Not every trade results in a kill. Most don't.     Playing the matchup incorrectly. I can't tell you how many times I've seen "STRONG" comps played incorrectly. Crap like Nunu counterpicks into Vayne, Sona/Ezreal poke lane against some Nunu/x lane, etc. When you pick a bot lane comp, understand your synergy, and understand the OPPONENT synergy. I can discuss specific comps if you are interested, but there are way too many to cover.     Understanding how to recover a lost lane. This may not always be possible, but you HAVE to understand how to recover when you are losing a lane. These are small things like taking golems, freezing at tower, to making big plays like barrier baiting with jungler, pink warding their sides to deny vision and let the jungler come along (not ganking) to play mindgames, etc.       Those are some of the basic ones that apply to all comps/champs. There are more indepth strategies when you look at specific champs/comps.
1	Ashe ain't falling out. Requirements to play succesfull AD carry are being thrown to trashcan.   Caithlyn, stun + escape Vayne, Stealth + Stun List goes on   Ashe is one of the only AD carries that if caught, either flashes or dies, it's that simple. In soloque you never know how good your tanks are protecting, never. Even if you assume that janna would protect you from irelia diving you, she prolly wont. In 5v5 format, ashe is still strong when team build around her, where you cannot penetrate the teams defense to get trough to her.   Ashe, true ad carry. Rest are gimmicks, from the era of morello reign. It's simplier for 99% of players to pick someone who majors in easy dmg and easy in-out action. Compared to ashe, she is just left out by the people who don't know her strenghts. Passive is beast earlygame, if you use it on every chance. Volleyharras on certain heroes fucks up with them hard. Base + Ulti to mid @ lvl 6 fucks everything in mid. People only see the Low dmg and Slow on her, when those are the minor things in her gameplay. When used to full extend, she can win games pretty early, her mid game sucks without good team to throw arrows in with, and lategame is ok due to initiate arrow.
0	the problem here is, that Pluto was already considered a planet, under the old definition. The Astronomers felt embarrassed by the fact that there are so many other planets. fine. that doesn't mean that Pluto isn't a planet;  they never discovered anything new about Pluto to change its status,  they simply redefined the word. they discovered nothing new. Pluto is still the same as before. AFAIC, it's still a planet, and they're just butthurt about embarrassing themselves. they moved the goalposts after Pluto already won the game. that's their problem. science is only supposed to change its conclusions based on newly discovered information. that did not happen. nothign new was discovered about Pluto. they just changed their minds about the definition of a word, which really isn't as simple as voting.
1	In his Vlog (which came out like 12 hours ago), he mentions how TSM has a million miles to go and they need to strive for perfection and how he's going to get everyone in the same mindset.   Now TRM leaves and he says he's all out of tricks and has nothing left to teach them. He completely changes his attitude and basically says his work in TSM is done. I think TRM leaving must have affected Jonas personally and perhaps made him feel like he "failed" to keep the team together.   Also as a side note, I think everyone on TSM has the common sense to follow Jonas' teachings (and they definitely knew the stuff he was saying before hand). It was really Jonas presence and 3rd party position that let him get the team organized and all on the same page. And as Chaox mentioned in a Vlog, sometimes being reminded what you already know is very helpful. Jonas' cooking and presence made a huge impact on TSM and I really do think if he stayed for another 1-3 months, all his teachings would become permanent TSM habbits and lifestyle changes. I fear that TSM is just going to sink back into old habits and even be mildly depressed that both Jonas and TRM are leaving. If anything, I think TRM leaving would make it even more important for Jonas to stay and keep team morale up. Also TSM has a bad habit of letting wins boost their ego and drop their work ethic by becoming cocky. Jonas being there would probably have prevented this.
1	Being as I use primarily  the LoL wikia , I think it would suit me and a lot of players if you bring it directly to us when you're more set on decisions that are on the PBE and you're willing to put them into the real client.   Henceforth, that will actually provide a lot more information in regards to what we can expect, and whilst most of my speculations, theorycrafting and daft assumptions as Support Teemos do will be wasted, that's but an expectancy and frankly part of the fun. What you will be able to do is give this information prior to its otherwise 'abrupt' release to a much higher amount of players before they need to deal with it.   In terms of player value, this means not so much to me, because I'll more or less know every thing about it and a bit more than the patch preview previously offered (they gave generalizations of increases, decreases and the like but not  specific numbers )... but the fact that a lot more will be aware of it will be very useful for me. It's especially the case, where now you seem to be providing more spot on recommendations for champions and their respective playstyles in your Champion Spotlights that you can help provide some tips to players in any patch preview you make now.   When changes are set in, people can often mass-jump away, or toward a specific change. Same for Champion Spotlights. At least you will be adding some amount of control and you will assist in making sure that it isn't done as heinously as it could be :P   Sorry for the wall of text, just my 40 cents.
1	it seems my irritation with the whole situation didn't block my points, I'm happy about that.   The part about M5 saying Bg is a completely different thing though, it's organized and obviously nobody in either tsm or M5 will intentionally ruin the game, naturally that excludes the reason to say BG, of course dc's can still happen but in matches where it matters they will pause.   When you play in premades the point about it being similar to soccer and the like stands, because it's a team effort and saying bg there would either be insulting to your own team or the enemy team (Under the asumption that the enemy team doesn't spam insults or you don't get a dc and the enemies abuse that for baron or towers/inhibs in which case BG is obviously stands <- this might be me being buthurt but one can only be as full of sportsmanship as the enemies you're facing)   I've played soccer for 8 years, and I know much about sportsmanship and shaking hands saying well done etc no matter how it was.
1	I guess this can improve your mechanics which is useful BUT you should always remember that you can get to D1 with bad mechanics. I have a 80% last hit accuracy on a lane alone (I get 80 of the first 100 creeps) and I'm still D1.  Of course I can't get to challenger with my actual mechanical level (my top rating is 72 LP) and that's what I am working on but I still made it this far with my game knowledge and experience.   On my plat smurf I can outplay most of my enemies while they have better mechanics than me, just because I know the tricks (when to engage, bush jukes...)
0	Really wish I could up vote you more than once. I have a semi-similar situation, except that I am overweight and no "physical" evidence of an injury. I have a triple disc herniation that makes standing for more than a few minutes or walking a few hundred feet intolerable. The problem is that this injury is not visible as there are no braces or casts. Unless you see me attempting to hobble/walk or bend over, you wouldn't know I had this injury. What people see externally is just a mild limp or hobble, but internally I am screaming because of the pain and just trying to walk like a normal human being so that I won't get asked what's wrong. I hate asking for help and hate even worse not being able to physically do something due to an injury.   I have a handicap tag for my vehicle and nearly every time I park and get out, I get looks. All they see is an overweight 22 year old who looks like he is misusing handicap parking because of laziness. I don't dare use the scooters because if just parking gets me those looks, God knows what would happen in the store. It is because of this that I only shop at one grocery store anymore because they have very tall shopping carts that allow me to lean on as I walk to take pressure off my back so that I can actually buy groceries. This mentality of quick judgement drives me insane. Do some people misuse these types of things? Definitely. Regardless, it is not your place to judge. Looks can be deceiving, don't take someone as lazy by just looking at them. You have NO idea what they have been through or what it takes them simply to get to that store.
0	Obviously you shouldn't listen to me, I'm just a stranger on the internet. Who knows what I really am? :P   If anything this serves to point out how messy identity is. I'm from Quebec and some people accept the word eskimo and some don't. It's really strange to me that anyone would prefer eskimo. If you just ignore the past usage, then it becomes a word with a really specific range. It's just slightly broader than Inuit or Yupik (and Inuit is already pretty broad.) But it has a narrower definition than native or aboriginal. And you use it because you can't confuse or lump together Inuit and other people that look similar, but you need to be more specific than just saying native.   I don't know, this is kinda rambly.
0	Okay, this story just happened, and it's insane.  So I got a bit high, not very, but a little. My friend told his sister that he was going to a certain area of town, because he didn't want her to know he was coming to me to get high. So we get a little high, and then his sister calls him and says "oh great, of you're in that area, please pick up these friends of mine and bring them over."  My friend, caught in his own web of lies, had no choice. So we get in the car and drive there and pick up these two girls. They were campers of hers from a camp for sick kids. They were about 16 years old. One of them was a midget, and they were both from super religious families, and were super religious themselves.  So after about 10 minutes in the car, I turn on my phone and open the internet, but I'm high, so I space out, staring blankly at the screen. After about 20 full seconds, my friend looks over and goes "is that... Oh my gosh".  I look down at the screen. My phone is open on reddit, one of the closeups of the dual-dick prominently displayed. I jumped and closed it immediately.  Then my friend says, very quietly "did they stop talking?" And I tried to think if they were before.  Then I started trying to hold back my laugh. We were at a red light, and we just looked at each other, faces red with mirth. This just freaking happened.
0	It depends on the needs of the establishment owner. There are some places around my city that have their entire menu written up in chalk. These places might also have a menu that changes about once a month as things go in or out of season.   If I'm not mistaken, the establishment that popularized this look for my town was [Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream.]( The image in the link may actually show an old chalkboard as these days they tend to get a bit more fancy with it. So Jeni's might hire someone to go around to all of their locations and redo the chalkboards about every three months. It would be more practical than depending on the regular staff to do it as a trained artist/designer could give more consistent results. But that might not suit everyone's needs.   There's a board game bar here that hired a designer to write on four pillars covered with chalkboard paint. She did a highly designed look on  most of the surfaces and then left a blank section for the staff to write in or erase what's currently on tap. They might not ask her (or another artist) to come back for several months (or even years) to update the design.   Then there's Giant Eagle Market District... They have chalkboards all over the store. Bakery, cheese, wine, produce, restaurant, and the in-store coffee shop all have chalkboards that change on a weekly or monthly basis.   The bars in the trendier part of town use a mix of freelance designers and people who are already a part of their staff. If they have someone on staff who's got a little talent, they might just use that person's skills. But that part of town has a little chalkboard out in front of just about every establishment. Bars, antique shops, thrift stores, restaurants, and curiosity shops all have them. It's hard to walk 20 feet there without stepping around one. Since the area is saturated with that kind of thing, establishment owners are a little more willing to hire someone who'll make something that really sticks out.
0	We usually just feel it for each other "one of those days?"..." yeah =/"... "well hey I'm here for you =)"..." thanks :)" and we're just comfortable leaving it at that. If one really wants to talk we just do haha. Other times we've been in the same situation, not very talkative and we accidentally ran into each other at them gym working away our problems. It's one of those moments where you're just sure you've made the right choice.
1	Those wait times are common for every sport ever arent they though?   As in, when an nfl game ends a little bit early due to, the patriots playing four quarters of hurry-up offense, they aren't gonna start the next sunday night game, they play highlights or ads until the scheduled time arrives. Same for if the game goes into triple overtime, they just have to cut into the next games coverage, because thats just how schedules work.   I might be off-base here but if any other sports organization in the world (of which we all want e-sports to recognized as a part of that community) if they advertise seperate times for each game, well that's when the games start, because thats when people tune in. No one in the sports world is worried about dead space, or filler time, because sticking to a schedule is the only reliably efficient way to run a sports broadcast.
0	Well you see, OP is such a solitary perfect snowflake that he must make a ridiculous declaration:   "EVERYONE IS OBSESSED"   ...and then bravely refute his own idiot statement to prove how disinterested and sophisticated he is while everyone else is a celebrity-obsessed shit-licking retard.
0	Damn dude thanks, also one of the greatest
1	I must have the best of both worlds since my brother and I spent last Saturday playing Pantheon + Jarvan bottom. I played the 'support' of the lane as Jarvan since I zoned while he farmed (I have more utility anyway in my Cataclysm.)   Basically, Pantheon's 100% assured CC lets me land my EQ combo very easily and my passive damage with his QE, wow.   Also, if you ever see Soraka and think "oh Phreak's nipples - boring match." just remember, kill lanes COMPLETELY counter her and that armor buff is just more lambs to the slaughter.  I guess that makes sense.
0	I heard the joke too and can't believe everyone here is falling for it...   On a side note though, op has posted here saying the wedding is off and such, some people even stalked his history to see a girl in a pic that is supposedly the fiance.  I dunno, weird...   Edit: After doing some comment stalking of my own I am pretty sure OP is full of shit. He says in this thread that this is the first time someone has ever cheated on him. He made a post 11 months ago about an ex that went off and fucked some guy or something. Real detailed about story.   Also OP has posted a lot of links with some hard to believe themes. I mean one or two things would seem alright but this dude has all kinds of crazy shit happening to him...
1	If he's picked before you've picked your champ, go for a late game champ that can survive lane phase solidly or a good ranged champ. Examples are Trynd, Aatrox, Trundle, Quinn and Ryze. Quinn can abuse any melee top laner to a comical degree and ryze is a great example of both ranged harass and great late game. Splitpushers can be very frustrating for Renekton as if he wants a good chance of securing and carrying a game, he needs to stomp lane and then help out other lanes to win so that the mid game is a complete stomp. If it gets to late game, he needs to have his other lanes strong as well because no matter how fed, after a certain point Renekton can't carry, not to say he can't contribute, but he cannot win the game alone like an apc can. Splitpushers are good for this because if you are constantly threatening towers and inhibs in the mid game, his roam potential is limited and you have a better chance at keeping him from other lanes.   Once the game starts, you need to understand that in a completely fair scenario, it will be very very hard for you to full out win lane. If you are on certain champs and get some ganks it's certainly possible, but if it seems like you aren't going to get that advantage just focus heavily on farming and playing safe. Most times Renektons will push up and harass heavily because if they are good they know that their objective is to win lane and draw heavy jungle pressure top so that they are a force in the mid game and have helped their carries get big. Just try to mitigate this as much as possible (this is where being ranged helps), farm under tower and keep high health. DO NOT stay under tower at 30%, you will get dived and die. 50% can be risky as well as he might call up his jungler for the dive as well. It may sound lame to say just wait it out, but unless he makes mistakes or you are on one of those heavy ranged harass champs, it is very hard to beat out his early game. If you don't give him a significant advantage, at around lvl 9-11 you will start to be able to fight back and maybe take advantage of the fact that he may still be over-confident.   Personally I love playing shyv into renekton. I know both sides of the matchup VERY well, know the windows of opportunity and levels of strength. At lvls 1 and 2, if you play aggressively as shyv you can actually get an extremely early kill if he underestimates you. At around 9-11 depending on how the games been going you will start to win trades and in the late game you will utterly dominate him and bring much much more to your team than him. In summation, shyv wins late and doesn't really have to lose that hard early if you play it right.   Sorry for the wall of text
0	I love how some people think when they go to a game (or other certain places) that regular manners and common sense don't apply. I saw a case of total self-ownage involving just this once.   A few years back I went to a Mariners game. My brother and I had the two seats on the end of the row. Sitting right in front of us was a man and his son who was probably about 12-13 years old. During the second inning the kid starts eating sunflower seeds. He would put some in his mouth chew on them then spit the shells everywhere. He would spit several times to get rid of all the shells then repeat the whole process. After about 20 minutes of this the stairs next to him and the floor in front of him was covered in seeds and spit. He was even spitting on the handrail on almost spit on people walking past a few times. It was disgusting.   On top of it every other word out of his mouth was fuck. Personally, I don't care. I don't swear a lot, but most of the time I don't mind if others do. In this case it seemed weird and wrong coming from a kid and you could tell the other families sitting around them were getting uncomfortable.   After about 45 minutes of this kid has coated everything within about a 10 foot area in front of him with spit and seeds. Finally someone a few rows in front of them turns around and asks if he can watch his language. His dad says, "We're just having fun at the game." The guy who asked basically said, "You can have fun without screaming fuck 10 times a minute." The father says something to his son along the lines of," just be a little more quiet."   I then lean up and ask if he can spit into a cup or something. They both look at me and the dad say, "What, now he can't eats some seeds at the game?" I reply, "I don't care what he eats, but look, the stairs are covered is spit, your kid has nearly hocked one up on a few people and it is just disgusting. I feel like I'm sitting behind a snot sprinkler."   The father got pissed, got up, got an usher and asked to have us moved because we were harassing them. When the usher came everyone in the area ratted out the guy and his kid and I asked if I could be moved because I didn't want to sit in this kid's spit any longer.   In the end the father and son were removed (likely just moved to another seat, but these were good seats so anything he was moved to was not as nice) and my brother and I got moved about 10 rows up to better seats. That guy getting the usher actually led to his own downfall. Had he just told his kid to stop swearing and spit in a cup it would have been find.
1	With Diana, as with any other champion, you need to know what you can and cannot do. As with any champion, she can be counter picked. Some ranged attack champions can make your life difficult but that is not different for lets say a Fizz or Gragas. I play her mid mostly.   Pre 6 she is not that strong, but certainly not useless. If timed correctly her E (slow) can stop many ganks or get you kills when your jungler comes to lane. Many people underestimate her W (shield) and passive too, allowing for early kills.   Post 6 you can really start harassing the enemy and make plays. Depending on how the lane is going you get Abyssal or Large Rod. Charge your passive and Q R and back off. Rinse repeat. As has been said before, you have a choice to Q R, or Q R R, or just R Q. It very much depends in the situation you are in. Only Q R R if you can get a kill with the second R. If not wait for your Q to come back up and repeat. R Q if you know you can get a kill. Often you can because your passive and your W do a lot of damage too.   In team fights you have a choice to stay behind and let someone else initiate and go for the carry after, or you can initiate yourself. When you initiate you can go in with R (depending on the situation preceded by a Q), and then W and run back out, or Zhonya, or even flash if needed. You get a lot of damage off and a great slow which allows the rest of your team to initiate.   Anyway, I have typed way more than I intended to. There are many mid lane guides that have useful tips out there.   I sometimes play her in the jungle too. Her clear times are one of the fastest around thanks to her aoe damage and her R post 6. The new jungle item gives her a lot of sustain and allows her to gain gold quickly even if she is behind.   There are also many item builds and paths to chose from. So depending on how the game is going you can itemize very effectively. She can be very tanky or more glass cannon.   Granted I am by no means a Challenger player (Gold I S3, 750+ ranked games on her), but I really think Diana is in a good place. If the benchmark is the number of plays a champion gets in Diamond and Challenger or the win rate, then 75% of the champions should be reworked.
1	You do know that if the Mid uses one spell to leash and then walk straight away and Bot/Top (depending on side) attacks Wolves once or twise(? :p) then walks straight away, you're only going to lose 1-2 minions :p
1	I know exactly how you feel right now. When I started ranked I had a 26 game lead.   And then it just dropped like a rock when I got super unlucky and had about 12 games in a row where I had 1 person on my team either   A; intentionally feed, like 25+ deaths intentional. Mobility + zeals   B; Leave, "Fuck this nocturne jungle didn't give me red, noobs. "DC""   C; Continually disconnect, "Sorry guys, this happens kinda regularly, I just have to live with it."   PS. If you know your internet isn't 100% reliable, don't play ranked, ever. Seriously, if I knew my internet wasn't 100% reliable I'd play draft/blinds.
0	TIL: My experience angers people so much they downvote when I share what has happened to me.
0	I used to sit next to a guy who did this in class, didn't bother me but he did fail that class and dropped out his sophomore year.
0	You're partially right. They wanted to talk about things they wanted to talk about, but people used it as a place for open discourse. As a place for open discourse, things that were off the wall would get downvoted (for example, recently someone tried to use a nationalist hate site as a citation to prove to me Islam was being catered to, or a link that was over ten years old and not updated for "Gotcha!" points without realizing the information predated the laws we were talking about). I really enjoyed it, because A. I turned around a few people's debate style while there and made them use honest sources instead of blogs or spam, and B. Seeing what was going on in the conservative sphere was very interesting.   So, yeah, people were downvoting things, but as far as I could tell I never saw mass downvotes (3|100 or anything like that). Just lots of posts arguing.
0	I remember breaking this rule when I was younger.   Boondock Saints, I was speaking along with the prayers (we had all watched it way, way too many times), though only in a whisper so as not to annoy the others.   A bit later, the host of the event goes out to the kitchen to get some food, and when she comes back, she comes up to me and says I should probably stop. Apparently her mother had been watching us right during the first prayer scene, and had asked her in the kitchen if I was liable to snap.
1	Well I just got off a 15 game unlucky tilt.  Now I get 10 l a win and lose 25 l a loss despite having 20 wins over loses...FML
0	Think hard about yourself, internet stranger.   If you are nice TO get returned benefits, you are not quite the selfless lamb of god you pretend to be(if you consider stopping the niceness, this  might  be the case).   If you are nice just because that's the way you roll, you wouldn't be too upset about being unappreciated. Just keep being a silent hero and the people that notice are the ones worth keeping closer than the rest.
1	There will NEVER be true balance in this game, NEVER.  You simply can not balance 100+ champions so that every single one is viable.   Renekton is very viable at the moment, cleaver stacking frenzy has been a buff to him.   GP has also been buffed by the item changes - more build paths allow him to shore up a lot of the weaknesses he has.   Fiora is never going to be truly viable outside maybe a really niche role, she is very fun (I dig the French accent to) but again,she is one of those really volatile champions for which there is a very fine line between she is shit, and holy fuck she is overpowered - her ult is another weird mechanic - unless you get significant change to it she won't see play.   Trynd is one of the champions listed when Riot (or some Riot employees) talk about bad champion design.  Vlad, trynd, darius, etc.  Champions that have limited counterplay are generally considered toxic to the game.  Vlad with massive free sustain, etc etc.  Having invincibility for THAT long makes balance again quite hard for him.
0	I use to work at a Dairy Queen and I was a cook, a good cook. I wasnt the type of person who would fuck with someone's order. But one night these people come through the drive through just like a minute before close. They ordered 5 meals. I had already shut down the friers and the grill. So.... turned all that shit back on. Threw some fries to soak in some fairly warm oil. And grilled some pretty nasty undercooked burgers. I had a terrible day so I was just fuming at this point. I ended up spitting in a few of their burgers. I never thought I would do that and I feel guilty about it, but I was pissed at these people. The fries that they got were so nasty too, just a slightky warm oily mass of potato stuck together. I am sure they were very dissatisfied with the meal they got. Luckily we locked and closed our doors once they left. They tried to talk to us by knocking on our door, I assume because they wanted a refund for the shit food they got. But we ignorrd them. And finally went home an hour or so later!
0	To expand on "...nor did anyone assume that they would be signing over their rights to privacy..."   If you take a good hard look at most social networks, nobody gives a fuck about their privacy, anyway. It would take me an hour or two, tops, to find out where the majority of the people I know were today, what they were doing, who they were with, what music they were listening to, hell I can even download pictures of what they had for lunch. We have grown into a culture where we actually want to share even benign, useless information with anyone who will listen, and we want to peer in to other people's lives. Reality television is the glorification of invading other people's privacy. We want to see and be seen. we all just want our 15 minutes. Even this comment is driven by some insatiable need to get MY opinion out there, cause it's so goddamn important, right? I matter. Listen to me, watch me, upvote/like/favorite/retweet me!!   Now we're all shocked and appalled because the government is one of the people that's paying attention?   Don't get me wrong, I am vehemently opposed to what the NSA is doing, and horribly disappointed in our government right now, but I think we have to place at least a bit of the blame on ourselves. We've made ourselves ripe for the pickin' in today's society.
0	On my commute the high way is always under construction. So there is a concrete diver on the solid yellow line. Every fucking day I have to deal with idiots that don't know how to handle the situation they drive half of their car in the left lane and the other half in the middle lane. It drives me nuts they act like you're supposed to have that yellow line as a fucking lane.
1	Can we  please  upvote one of these to the front page so people stop asking about it?   [Here's the answer, OP](
0	Ah!  But I am!  I've done my stint in the managerial role at my hospital and I have seen how decisions are made.  My hospital is a bit antiquated and uses a more physician-oriented model so decisions are not always made in the best interest of patient care.  Even more so in the present as health care spending e in Canada has gone through the roof.  So they are now pushing for more "efficient" health care - which means, less staff working harder.  Back to the actual story - I have a pretty good understanding of the decisions that are behind the proposed treatment for this child (experimental chemo and radiation which is $$$$$) as well as the other costs such as the length of stay in hospital(probably in a critical care wing) as well as all the diagnostics that will probably have to be done (CT scans, blood tests).  I don't deal with exact costs in Canada - but I believe their numbers.  Just trying to stick up for my profession.
1	The thing is I am not asking for Riot to moderate it, I am not forcing people to go play norms, I am simply asking politely to go play him in norms. Mmr has nothing to do with them playing in norms I don't want them to perfect him I want them to play in norms to find out his abilities. You are getting way too upset and it is probably because you suck at Twitch and your support is raging at how bad you are.
0	This reminds me of a time I was at a red light and some hot girl pulled up the the car next to me. I got so nervous I pretended to use my cell phone. My phone.actually rang. She saw, laughed, I dropped my phone, I go to pick it up and put it right onto my ear and I get pulled over almost instantly for talking on the cell phone while driving.
1	Regardless of how bad of a game this was for TL. I think this gives a really good insight into the communication issue the team is having, and not to jump on the bandwagon, but I feel like Piglet is the catalyst for the lack of communication. I've been in groups where you ask someone a question, they don't respond, and the group as a whole becomes less communicative and more cold/quiet. You see the beginning of the video, Dom asks Piglet about playing against Impact and Piglet completely ignores him.
0	internet couch lawyer here" If you go to the meeting because you are a alcoholic. Then he fired you because of it. Then yes you have been discriminated against. Handicap is one of the federal protected groups that can not be legally discriminated against with out facing a lawsuit you can't win as an employer. You fire on performance never cause he was drunk at work. If you fire because he's a drunk you are required to put your employee through rehab at the employers expense.
1	A point that I would like to say is that in the sense of the skin itself, it is by far superior to any other skin made, technically is has everything and more than PFE has.   As IronStylus said however, one of the key parts of an ultimate skin is the thematic change, which SGU IS lacking. I personally do not care because it is literally a work of art and is incredible (just think, it is 12 models and sets of animations instead of the 3 that PFE had). It has been worked for the past 13 months apparently and I think the detail of the skin shows it.   When you say that it is not an Ultimate skin, you are just looking too much at the theme. I personally think it would be stupid to make a robotic Udyr skin or some other theme... Also it is difficult to change the theme of Udyr so much because his abilities are specific animals and changing the model to say something like  wolf instead of tiger (as people had suggested a northern theme) would not be viable due to the fact that it is a completely different animal.
1	Honestly, as much as we all hate this, it doesn't affect us in the long run.  Its not like every single game has one such player.  If it makes yourself feel better, tell yourself that the boosted player has just paid a #$&*(ton of money for nothing, and laugh as you see him in a game one week later at the exact same elo and 100 dollars poorer.  It may seem frustrating, but at the end of the day, even if you lose twenty straight games due to team consisting of yourself, a troll, two afks, and an elo boosted account, you should be able to get back to your elo.  If you can't get back within twenty to thirty games (which, Ill be honest, takes me less than three days.GG HW), then you belong there.  It really doesn't affect you.  As for the higher elo person, there isn't much you can do.  Those are mostly the kind of people who would just make smurfs if they didn't have any "clients."  They enjoy pubstomping, and will be at your elo whether they are doing elo jobs or not.  It sucks, but it won't affect your true elo.
1	Your methods are flawless. There's no denying that. You certainly got the math right, and assuming (as you are) that all these characters are simply sitting around hitting each other, not kiting or anything, then the 2nd build obviously supersedes the first in terms of straight DPS. As has already been mentioned, you're not factoring in a few things, but I won't go over them here. You've obviously read in detail the majority of the replies to your post.   That said, you mention that testing is an essential part of your method and at the same time call the builds that are currently dominating solo queue "shit-tier." I'd just like to point out that these pro players run these builds for a reason. They've played thousands of games with vastly different builds over the total history of League of Legends. to call that anything but testing seems a bit short-sighted. These builds are the top builds for a reason, and that is because they routinely beat builds like the one you've proposed (Not necessarily the exact one you proposed, but I'm sure you've lost building this before. Everyone loses. This isn't an argument against your build, since I haven't tried it, but just pointing out a fact.) Perhaps they don't beat your build in terms of sheer DPS, but beat it in some other meaningful way. Lifesteal has been mentioned endlessly below, and while it's true that in identical builds 1v1 the lifesteal doesn't give you any sort of meaningful damage advantage, in teamfights it can serve great use in allowing you room for player error.   I guess what I'm saying is that in mechanically matched players, even if one were running your build he might not win over the course of a full game against a player of equal skill, even playing the same character.
1	Be humble in victory and gracious in defeat, or shut up'... 'cause I'll bitch on the forums."
0	Currently -14 below without windchill here. Monday expects -40-60 below with windchill.
0	That's the whole point of being a minority party. Only now the culture has changed where everyone has become so entrenched few are willing to budge. When you hear a lot of people talking they refer to ALL of them being evil or idiots. You cant get shit done with that type of mentality. The proliferation of TMZ style news reporting, which seems to refer to political parties like their opposing armies, only exasperates the problem. Do you really think once Obama is gone we will suddenly flip a switch? Whoever is President will be hated on by about half the people and the minority party in congress will be obstructionist.   You can go all the way back to the latter Clinton days for examples, but then again back then both sides were willing to give a little here to get some there. How about the mid-2000's. Do you remember the Nuclear Option? That was what the Republicans tried to resort to when the Democrats, pissed off at W. decided they were just going to filibuster every judicial nomination. Then they made a deal and the Dems subsequently won control of congress. Afterwards, when the nominations were re-sent (they had been returned since they were open so long) the Dems said, "nah, we are not even going to look at these for TWO YEARS, because we think we can win the presidency so we are just going to do nothing till then." Fuck you for trying to do your job. This is old news.   While I am willing to admit some of the hated towards Obama is really unwarranted, this super combative political arena has been around for a lot longer than 2008. Until at the minimum we get better leadership I wouldn't expect much change. I don't think I paint myself as any kind of zealot if I say that Reid, Boehner, McConnell and Pelosi have worn out their welcome and have shown they are ALL completely incompetent when it comes to fostering a productive Congress.   Whoa.... sorry. I started typing and bam, that went on too long.
0	I'd just like to make a point... he's not making fun of atheists, who are not bad just because they're atheists... he's generalizing that every person subscribed to /r/atheism is part of the atheist supremacy circle jerk. However, I bet that a large portion of these people are decent people who just went there because in their real life they are alienated by a highly Christian community they live in, told that they don't deserve to live due to the fact that they have no faith. I'd say that's a good reason to want to escape. Temporarily, until they don't need it, /r/atheism is giving them a place to vent and discuss some injustice caused by religion. For example, many Christians (I am not generalizing here, there is a huge group of people who do this) use their religion to persecute homosexuals. My point here is that not everyone on that subreddit is an atheist supremacist asshole. Those are just the people who actively upvote in that subreddit, while most of the people trying to escape from their religious family/friends' persecution just lurk there.
1	The other day I finally got fed up with trolls/feeders/leavers after losing about 100 ELO in one day and thought "I should make a program that grabs their champ stats and wins/losses so I can see ahead of time if they're terrible people or not." (yes, you can do it on lolking, but it's slow and not all together)   I happened to stumble across  in my travels and it's quite amazing the difference it's made.   That guy that autolocks Cait and insists he's really good? Oh look....he's 2/20 with Cait with terrible CS.   The person who humbly offers support? They're 9/40 overall. Likely not the best "support" so to speak.   Now do these stats mean that you're 100% going to lose the game if you play with them? No. But it gives you information so you can make a decision if you really want to play with these people.
1	I agree with you completely. All of this, Riot had already learned from NA Regionals. PAX Prime should have been seen as a practice run for them, and as amazing as it was, and I for one couldn't see such blatant examples of looking at the minimaps, it definitely crossed many people's minds. And the crowd gave away so much to the teams as well in terms of cheers/etc.
0	Don't know where you live OP but 'round my area if you put on a robe after a shower you will need another shower.
0	I mean, true, but for China it is actually a pretty good transition. From Empire to the Warring States period the Communist rule actually did a lot of good. Unified China, broke up control of land by warlords and entrenched elites, did an INCREDIBLE job getting everyone educated and literate, and because it was coming straight from basically feudalism, people were NOT angry that the fruits of their labor were taken away. Having it taken away was the norm, and they were happy to be in a system that at least tried to give it to everybody rather than a few elites. First generation communist societies actually see people really buying in to the ideology and all pitching in. Mismanagement at the top is usually what kills it.   No it's not perfect, no it didn't prevent abuses or mistakes, I am aware of the Great Leap Forward, the Hundred Flowers campaign, Tiananmen Square, but compared to what was going on before, it was still a big step forward.
0	Education is one thing that has on confirmed that this is true. Sure, our two party system has representatives that have views and agendas to help our fellow Americas however the party does not. Our two parties are agenda driven on the basis of staying relevant and alive, not doing what is necessarily correct and objective. If you can see that, then you need to become educated.   Look at election history and the insane flip flop of D and R within congress (state and federal) as well as presidential elections. You will see a significant polarity for a couple years then a massive switch to the other party for a couple years.   Today, our two party system is not here for the middle and lower class, does not represent the majority of Americans, and certainly votes for the party not for the district or people. So, how can you sit there and are that our republic is such that is the embodiment of democracy when it is far from that.   So you might be saying, well that's the party, not the individual. NOPE! Nominations, support of the party, and personal wealth is really the only way to become elected. Don't think so, look at the Green Party and the libertarian party. Look into how the media miss represents persons that do not agree with the D and R perspectives. Ron Paul was literally blacked out and robbed of a primary win because of this.
1	While we're discussing broken movement abilities, how about ezreal blink? I'm talking about watching the stun spiral above his head appear AND THEN he blinks away. Or the zenith blade connecting, and then he blinks away while he is immobilized and I don't follow. I know there is a slight delay with his blink, but when he is clearly stunned, and then blinks to safety, its kinda dumb. Also, I saw someone blink/dash/flash (can't remember which) out of Yasuo ulti. As in, the targets are in mid air, then one blinks and the other 2 people that were there stay up for the duration. Seems to me like Riot has something broken in their cc coding somewhere.
1	Well, or just abuse op champs. Got from silver I to plat V in about 2 weeks because of my favorite Pony Hecarim. Flame or no flame, people will feed, therefore u "only" need to carry. If you are way better than the others with your best champs in your current elo, which need to be strong in the current patch as well, you will carry so many games that you don't need to worry about those flamers and feeders.
1	Catholics consider suicide to be a sin because you are tampering with god's creation, along with quite a few other major religions.
0	A few years ago, I worked for Apple Computers as a Tier 1 Desktop Tech Lead contractor for a few months, and apparently there was a massive firing of all the contractors (which is a fairly normal occurrence there) and I was on the list but apparently no one called me to inform me that i had been cut, so I went to the site as normal, my badge worked, so I went to my desk and logged in.  I was met there shortly after my arrival by 2 Apple security guards and the onsite rep and got grilled as to how I got in the building, why I was there, that the police had been called, etc. I sat there totally flabbergasted when I blurted out "Am I fired?"  The contract rep stared at me like a deer in the headlights and then asked me If no one had called me... I was staring at her and just said "No", she then told me to wait in the lobby while my personal effects were brought to me.  When they brought me my items, they told me to drive to the office (across town)to get my check.  I refused and told them to bring it to me per California law (Which is not applicable to most contractors but I didn't care) so I had to wait an hour and 1/2 for them to meet me at the site.   I have never felt more like a piece of shit in front of my peers & friends or treated with such disrespect (even as a contractor). So if I can say one thing, fuck Volt Technical Resources (at least in Sacramento, CA).
1	I would like to start by saying I agree. Blue side is better. But there are certain counter-exploits in the things you bring up.   If you know or suspect the enemy bot lane is doing to do golems, invade their blue, or try to mess with them at golems (you can hurt them, stop them, or sometimes they'll take the big one and run, counter jungling themself). Also, your mid and top can take golems if they work together. It's slightly more annoying, but plenty doable.   If you're worried about the enemies getting red, try to get a timer on it and take it when it spawns. Also you can feed bottom lane Red as blue, but purple can feed it to top, or the jungler themself can have it for ganks. It's not the worst thing in the world.
1	We're setting the new standard for legendary skins.   Now, magnificent twisted fate and friends aren't the only out-of-date legendary skins. Ezreal will be the  only  champion with a  real  legendary skin. And from now on, the legendary skins will cost 3250.   We're not going back and fixing the past "legendary" skins.   Meanwhile, there won't be any problem with Riot keeping MTF at 1820, because, whatever, it's not even the legendary price point. People who bought him thinking, "this is it. This is the premier TF skin," well, they were wrong. It frankly isn't worth 975 by modern skin standards.   And we have 975 skins that barely hit the threshold for a 520 rp skin. And we have champions who don't have any skins that really hit that 975 value mark. They're retiring a lot of skins, and that works for the global increase in quality, but pushes forward the global increase in prices even faster. PFE costs 3250? Well, shit, there are champs who don't have skins worth a sixth of that.   This only contributes to skin inequality.   Who is going to get the love, going forward from here? Teemo will get some. Kennen will get some. Cho'Gath will get some -- even though, by the old standard, gentleman Cho'Gath was the nicest skin you could ever want for your champion, it is now second-tier, so he needs a new one, and it won't be too hard for Riot to come up with it. But... Champions like Cass, who have gone without for so long, and who Riot can't seem to come up with anything for... If they get a 3250, it'll be the only skin they do get.   And if you haven't noticed, there are some champions who don't have 520 RP skins anymore. Quite a few, actually. Some skins suck. Some champions, like Teemo, have tons of nice middle-of-the-line skins. Some champions, like Ez, have one nice one. And some, like Twisted Fate, it seems, will always have a wide variety of underwhelming skins, half of which are overpriced.
0	I was working at a restaurant when I was 18.  I had been living alone for near 2 years and was scrapping by.  I was a bus boy making salary and tips.  Any who, a woman server was working to support her two kids from different dads and was horrible to the bussers.  Shorting us on tips and having us constantly do the work she should have otherwise done.  She was a scumbag and mean as hell.   Finally, I just couldn't handle it and cut back my assisting her cause she had shorted me twice in one weekend which was super busy.  She went crying to the management about me and we were called into the office.  She screamed and yelled about me til finally I could bring up shorting me on tips.  She throws out "I have to kids to feed". I replied with I still am a kid and shorting me is food from my mouth.  I was never scheduled to work with her again.   Management finally turned on her and started checking all the logs on her tipping. You are supposed to split tips based on a % of tip income a night. About 5 between 2 bussers and he bar.  She had been under tipping everyone she was required to share with even putting change into the envelopes. Bartenders, bussers, expeditor.  It was disgusting.  She left after four months of having to tip accurately for some other loser.  I think her name even Stacie or something too.
1	That's a good normal build to follow.   For blue build I go: Tear --> Basic boots --> Iceborn --> Upgrade Tear --> Finish boots --> Bloodthirster --> The last two items depend on their team and what they're building, but it's either Banshee's, IE, or Last whisper.   On Ezreal, especially if you're playing blue build, his damage will be lacking until you get a couple items, unless you have a lead. In the case of having a lead your damage will start to be high in lane, because you can pick up your damage items much earlier than normal. All of his fighting and knowing how to win his skirmishes come from practice on him. He's a more difficult adc than some of the others, so he'll take you a lot more practice to be as good at him as the others, but being that he has a high skill cap, you can get really good at him :)
0	This whole debate pops up every other month or so on reddit, and for some reason it always makes it pretty far along toward the front page. Having spent the better part of a decade waiting tables in the United States, here are some realities I think the OP and a large portion of commenters aren't exactly comfortable facing, when it comes down to it:   1) The extremely shaky definition of "good" and "bad" service.   Did your waiter get everything right and provide you with refills, but just wasn't bubbly enough? Did they just not connect with you? Were they imposing on your private conversations? Every customer has a different expectation of what constitutes "good" service, and waiters aren't mind readers.   2) Very little of your experience is under the waiter's control.   Did your steak get overcooked? Did the manager refuse to take it off the ticket? Is it too hot or too cold for you to be comfortable? Is there really no gluten-free menu item for your spouse on a fad-diet? The waiter is only able to control the accuracy of your order and the speed of your drink refills. Pretty much everything else is outside their control.   3) Tipping is standardized and accepted practice in the United States.   Social customs and mores vary widely across cultures. If you live in or are visiting the United States, it is expected that you will tip your waiter in the 15-20% range, barring  extremely  bad service. This practice is so established in our society that we don't require waiters to be compensated with a minimum wage (more or less). If you feel that social customs and mores do not apply to you, because you have your own system of doing things, great. That makes you a sociopath (and also an asshole).   4) When you don't tip, or tip poorly, you're committing yourself to an extremely petty pyrrhic victory.   Do you like this restaurant? Do you  ever  want to go back? If you don't, no problem. But if you do, you  will  be remembered. A customer who leaves a shitty tip, or no tip at all, will  not  be forgotten by the waiter, and that waiter points out to other waiters that you're a bad tipper, and those waiters will generally treat you like shit.   Seriously... I can not emphasize this enough. You will never get good service at that restaurant again. It really doesn't matter whether it was justified or not, because waiters don't forgive that. And when you complain to a manager for that shitty service you're getting, they might apologize to you, but they already know you exist, and why you're being treated the way you are, and usually let it slide. Bad tippers are bad for business; as a manager, they piss off your wait staff and everybody suffers.   Look, basically, you guys can do whatever you want. I'd guess 90-95% of tables tip in the 15-20% range, and the 1-2% of shitty tippers are evened out by the 2-5% who tip over 25%, and it really doesn't mess up most waiters' nights. But it hurts emotionally, and you better believe they will remember you, and make sure you're known to other waiters, the managers, sometimes even the cooks. Is this whole circle-jerk over 5% of your meal really worth it?
1	Riot said when they were changing Nid they wanted to make full AP Nid and/or AP bruiser Nidalee a viable option.   I really enjoyed AP Nidaleee's playstyle so I jumped right on that statement and started mathcrafting what I felt would help Nidalee overcome her current boring state (as AP) and weaknesses. Yes my changes are bias (I hate AD/Tank Nidalee, she's so boring and simple to play), but a bias opinion which is backed up with evidence of proper thought is better than an unbias opinion without the latter.
1	SRSLY RIOT THIS SHIT IS SO FUCKED UP!   This is the kind of important content I hope to see on this subreddit.  Things that truly matter.  Let us all demand Riot's attention for  dumbass complaints  what really matters.
0	i thought it was just one dude trying to act tough. and in all reality i was just upset about to get out of the car to fist fight? not smart i know, i just got caught up in the moment until i realized uhoh i might get beat to deffffff.
0	Throwaway / really long:  I'm probably fairly rare, in that I'm an older virgin (almost 30) who mostly has functional social skills (you would never guess I was a virgin from seeing me interact with people, including with girls, in normal public / social settings), and while not a male model, doesn't suffer from any crippling ugliness (and has generally played sports / been in shape).   The first part is that I'm VERY "childfree," and getting a girl pregnant is totally unacceptable.  I'm also super super not cool with the idea of getting an STD.  Now, I understand that both of those are fairly preventable in a dedicated monogamous relationship.  The problem is that I'm also really against the idea of a serious official relationship, for several reasons.   One, the exclusivity thing.  That may sound strange from somebody who hasn't had sex at all, it's obviously not like "NO ONE WOMAN CAN SATISFY ME!", it just doesn't make sense to me that I would ever like somebody less because of a relationship with somebody else, just like having a best friend would never at all mean that I don't make other close friends.  I mean imagine somebody who gets married, and six years later their wife dies.  They are still young, and after a few years, they meet another great woman, and get remarried.  So what happens hypothetically if his first wife HADN'T died, and a few years later he meets the 2nd wife, that we already know he is super compatible with and can also have a great relationship with.  How / why is he supposed to like one of them LESS because of the existence of the other?  So that turns me off a little to a serious relationship.   The other issue with serious relationship is I have issues with social commitment.  I choose to spend time with my friends, but I like that outside of rare situations, I'm never OBLIGATED to spend time with them.  In a relationship, you are obligated to spend lots of time together.  Don't get me wrong, I understand that in a healthy relationship, you WANT to spend lots of time together, but I would still feel that obligation looming in the background.  I also value my independence.  When couples make a shared facebook page, that seems so horrible to me.  I totally understand that that kind of thing is rare and considered a bit extreme, but even in a "normal" relationship, I'm uncomfortable with the extent to which the two people become a "unit."  I also need my own space.  If I had a hypothetical fantasy relationship, I wouldn't share an apartment with my girlfriend.  I would live in my own apartment, and she would live in the apartment across the hall from me.  That feels like a perfectly normal desire to me, but I get the impression that it's not.   I also have one particular weakness in my social skills (This might be related to some head injuries which I'll mention in more detail later).  I get really uncomfortable in any social situation where it would be weird if i just did nothing for 30 seconds.  This is only social situations, at work I have no issue giving a presentation, or leading a team of 25 people, where I am obviously the center of attention and can't just check out for a while.  But in social situations, this is the one thing I struggle to deal with.  Note that I actually talk a fair amount and mostly am not a wallflower, but part of being comfortable with that is knowing that I COULD check out and do / say nothing if i wanted to.  If I'm hanging out with a group of nine people, I'm socially, talkative, funny, can be comfortable and flirty with women, etc..., because I know that I have the option to just chill.  If I'm on a 1 on 1 date with a woman, that doesn't work at all, especially if it's a date type setting where there is pressure on me to help ensure we have a good time.  If I'm 1 on 1 with a girl at work for a while, or me and some girl start talking 1 on 1 in the waiting room of an office, those are totally fine.  Probably because if it's boring, she will think "work was boring" or "that waiting room was boring," whereas on a date type situation she would thing "1234567890pl is boring."  Obviously that's a huge barrier to sex, if you are in the kind of social situation getting even close to sex, you obviously can't really just check out and do nothing for a while (I know, queue jokes about "my ex GF would check out and do nothing for a while DURING sex.").  I've never even seriously made out with anybody because of this.  And this is separate from some sort of performance anxiety / being nervous about not being a good kisser / good sexer / whatever, this is just it's own separate issue.  It's not even really "being nervous" at all, its of a feeling of being a bit overwhelmed / pressured / confused / tired, like you need to step outside for some simplicity and fresh air.  I could get more comfortable with this from knowing the person for a long time, but that would probably require being close friends with the girl for a long time first.   So casual sex is out, because pregnancies and STDs are super not cool.  Relationships are mostly out because I'm not really ok with the idea of an official serious relationship.  And even situations like just going somewhere private and making out are also very difficult because as charming and funny and smart and nice and social as I can be in larger social settings, I can't deal with that sort of 1 on 1.  While I try not to lead girls on, this can lead to an awkward situation where I like a girl and find her attractive, chase / pursue her some because I like her, but then if I start to get anywhere near "catching" her (I know the whole hunter / prey thing is old and maybe even a bit sexist, just go with it for now), I realize there is no end-state I can really deal with.  It's like a dog chasing a car, actually starting to catch up to it, and then realize maybe he shouldn't and / or is not comfortable trying to bite it.   Then to make things worse, toward the end of high school I got a serious head injury in a car accident.  For a long time after that, I was basically non functional.  I gradually became more functional, but I still have long term issues.  Some are physical, like getting headaches, or wearing sunglasses inside sometimes because of the light.  Others are mental, like I described with the 1 on 1 thing.  I was also basically out of society for a few years, recovered enough to do some work for a while, then had a setback, and was out of society for a few more years.  Now I've somewhat recovered, and I'm college in my late 20s.  So partially that contributes to being that old a virgin just because that's a decent number of years where I was not part of society.  This is an exaggeration, but it's almost like I was in a coma for a while.   I feel like I don't fit in with any real age group.  I feel a lot more mature than a lot of the college girls, and there is a bit of a generation gap (Even though it's only 6-8 years, I'm close to as young as you can be while still clearly remembering / being raised in a world without much internet, and without texting / smart phones / always being connected etc..., and sometimes I feel like those few years go a long way).  And they would probably think it was weird if a guy in his late 20s was hitting on them (unless they are into older guys, but then they would probably be disappointed that I don't bring nearly the whole "older guy" package of life experience and stuff).  But then I meet girls my own age, and in some ways it feels like they have moved past me.   Also, once you reach a certain age, being a virgin becomes a bit of self fulfilling baggage, because girls are probably expecting you to be more experienced (which is also where performance anxiety / being nervous comes in).  In a way this might be better if I was shy and a bit more socially awkward, the girls who are into that probably have at least some idea what they are getting into.  Whereas like I said, I'm pretty athletic, and you would never guess from seeing me interact with people in public that I was was not just a virgin, but had almost no physical experience with girls at all.  Also, I'm into athletic girls, and while i have absolutely nothing concrete to base this on at all, I feel like they would be less likely than average to be into an inexperienced dude who is that old.   Finally, while there is no way to say this without sounding arrogant, I'm actually really smart, and if I did somehow get into a serious relationship despite my general distate for them, it would have to be with a really smart girl, which narrows the pool considerably.
1	I get this feeling Regi may not be the shotcaller for long, even if he remains team manager....and personally, I view that as a far better thing.  The Chaox - WT move was impulsive, rash, sudden, and biased...and while it did freshen up the team for a time and reinvigorate everyone, it's also lead to uncertainty, the revealing of WT's expected inadequate experience, and strategies being limited and based around WT's limited pool. We don't know how easily/quickly WT can learn new ADCs. We DO know Chaox is one of the better NA ADCs for consistency in play, and as far as I know that meant he could also learn new characters quickly if needed. I think that's probably evident by him playing a lot of cait and drav during his week long benching, as if he wanted to learn WT's pool to add to his own to show pools couldn't...or shouldn't...be an issue.   I think what TSM really needs is new shotcaller(s). Regi obviously can't do them effectively anymore and/or is faltering, Dyrus would be a poor choice for it (Love the guy but really not a good choice), and WT is still far too green/blue/new/inexperienced to be suitable. That leaves Oddone and Xpecial...Personally? Oddone has good shotcall potential for the early/possibly mid game, being a jungler he'd be seeing the whole map far more than the others would....And xpecial would probably be good for shot calling mid/late game, being he'd be the one going around warding n supporting team he'd could be/is watching the map; we all know how brutal xpecial can be with other more carry oriented roles, which speaks of his mechanics and strength as a player. Even if he's not a theorycrafter on scale with how chaox is/was for the team, presumably his strong mechanics and high skill at his base as a  player  and not just a support would lend themselves well to him when attempting to gauge the enemy or plan moves for himself/the team in response/anticipation...   The more I look at it, the more I view that as potentially devastating. Think about how it could work; Oddone and xpecial are two different people. Two different personalities. Two different ways of playing the game, like any two people will be. If TSM can get them both to be shot callers, one for the first half and the other calling for second half of the game...Either they get the two to tone down their varying personalities/preferences and mesh together to create a cohesive, consistent playbook to draw from for calls... OR  if they can make it work, the even more devastating alternative; two different play styles working together. Think about how brutal that could be for other teams to experience; say the first half of the game is full of slightly more passive pressure with consistent ganking but no early game objective rushes...and then suddenly the team fight stage hits, and BAM baits n feints and aggressive pressure out the ass the second team fights start, be they 15 or 25 minutes in!   Now let's say the team/oddone can't or won't do more passive early games in comparison to a more aggressive mid/late game to make brutal sudden play style switch ups. Well you can be aggressive in different ways, I think we can all agree. There are different ways and play styles that while different in form or focus...at the base, they'd still be "aggressive" play styles. A team aggressively counter jungling is different than a team aggressively CS-ing or a team aggressively tower pushing, but at the base they're still being aggressive; they're still pushing an attack on the enemy. Now at the professional levels, practically  every  play style will have various bits of others. A team focusing on hardcore tower pushes early on will still be aggressive at taking enemy jungle or cs when/where possible. A team focusing on delaying the game and winning the CS game for a late game victory will still take towers if/when/where needed. But they're still two different ways of being aggressive. Imagine a team that could pull them both off, effortlessly switching between the two mid game to throw off the enemy's confidence. Impossible? No. Improbable? Not really. Hard to pull off effectively and consistently? Sure...but my god if they can do it...   It would be absolutely brutal if they can pull it off effectively/consistently. There's nothing more potentially demoralizing than fighting a team who can so easily and effectively switch up their play styles as a cohesive whole mid-match...it's practically like fighting a different team, and if they aren't known for those sorts of plays...you're not conditioned or practiced to expect them from that team, and hell...often times in a singular game, you've already adjusted your play based on what they did in the first half...what if in the second half, the team just flips around and starts doing the opposite of what you expected? Now that positioning that before was perfect is out of position now, now that once effective aggressive harass was a bait to get your or your team caught out of place.   Example: You know how to fight Team A. You know how to fight Team B. You know their strategies, tricks, preferences, etc. You expect Team A to play the waiting game and delay until 40+ minutes so their individually high player skill/mechanics will start outshining your teams, even if as a whole they lack team coordination compared to your team. You expect Team B to play a super aggressive korean style split push. Just because you know how to beat those two play styles does not mean you can beat/counter/adjust quickly enough to those strategies if they're suddenly coming from unexpected teams. If Team A suddenly plays like B and B plays like A, you'd  probably  be mostly adjusted after say 10-20 minutes after the changes, regardless of whether they changed up strategies from the start, or if they changed mid-game. But by then, the damage would be done. You're unsettled, you're in unplanned territory, treating B like A, and A like B...But wait, now B has gone back to playing like themselves, and the same with A! Now you're in the wrong mindset again!   People tend to overestimate the ability to adapt that pros in sports, game or otherwise, have. Do pros adapt often, regularly, and effectively? Yes, in games with ever changing plays and strategies they must. Will they do it effectively mid-game if the changes in plays by the opposition are sudden, unexpected, and an antithesis to the prior styles seen? Not often, no. The greats in any sports, be they real or esport...They could adjust quickly enough to make it count. (See Savior, SCBW) But the 'average pro' would not likely do it mid game. Oh for sure by the next game they'd be ready for it, even if they'd still require practice to consistently react to the changes in an effective manner...but mid-game? Not bloody likely.
0	I'm warning for a wall of text here.   Actually there's quite a good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we in marketing call branding. That is the creation of a brand. A brand in turn is "A person, name, term, design, symbol, or any other feature that identifies one seller's good or service as distinct from those of other sellers." This is according to the american marketing association. Now in this case it has to do with personal branding.   Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as as ”A person whose name has attention-getting, interest-riveting, profit generating value”. By using a celebrity for endorsement in campaigns you can achieve something called co-branding. That means that the name of a celebrity is used to endorse a particular politician or party. This is the same as what Nike for example does with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods for example. They use their names, big names in their particular fields, to endorse endorse different kinds of products to give them more exposure.   Say that you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with just the shoe and one with Michael Jordan (or whatever celebrity you know of) you are by more or less always going to pay more attention to the one with the celebrity.   Alright so now we've covered the basics. Now we are coming to word of mouth or as we are here online we are talking about word of mouse. Because of the nature of politics, by that I mean that it's an area which very few people actually know that much about and the information can be ambiguous, they look to so called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley,Engadget, Ray W Johnson or what ever ... someone people look to for some kind of information they are too lazy to find out themselves and which give them the information they think they need.   Now say that you know jack shit about politics and you are ha huge fan of Madonna, then you'll most probably think that Madonna probably is on to something. So instead of finding stuff out yourself you vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and you like her, so she's probably right. That means that Madonna is your opinion leader in this case. Same goes for basically all other brands, both for intangible and tangible "products".   I could probably continue writing about this stuff all day but I think you get the picture from this.
1	Tamat:   >Summoners!  Over the last couple of weeks we’ve been working hard to resolve a few issues that have been affecting your experience in-game. We’ve had our Top Men here at Riot Games killing themselves ever since the Hecarim release to do whatever necessary to fix the problems, including releasing two hotfixes and numerous network infrastructure changes. Our warriors of technology will continue to find and slay these issues impacting your time on the Fields of Justice. We take these issues very seriously and our ultimate objective is an awesome and stable game experience.  We know that these recent issues have created some negative experiences for our players in Europe, and we apologize. As a thanks for your continued patience we’re going to send you a 10-win IP boost. Boosts can take up to 48 hours to make it out to everyone, so sit tight! We anticipate that all boosts should be issued by April 29th at 8pm PST. Please note: only summoners that have played a game in the last 30 days will qualify for this.  Thank you again for your patience, and thank you for playing League of Legends.
0	Jumping to coercion to solve a problem means that a voluntary one cannot be reached. However, just in the past 30 minutes or so I have come up with  commercial  (in both senses of the word) solutions to all these problems. This is not an exhaustive list. There are many ways to solve these problems using new technologies or alternative funding strategies.     Flouridated water, Potable water, Food safety: "My company has flouride added in a safe level, so you should buy my water" or "My household add-on adds safe levels of flouride to your water to benefit your health" and "My water won't kill you and is safe to drink" or "My filtration system makes nasty water potable and safe to drink" (systems like these are already available for sale) and "My food won't kill you"     Seatbelts: "My car includes seatbelts, while the competition doesn't"     Gas mileage improvement: "My car gets better gas mileage" (seriously, haven't you seen these ads on TV?)     Road standards: I'm not understanding why you are suggesting this. We don't have them now. There are different road standards as well as traffic laws across the country, and in many cases within states. The only "uniform" standard really applies to the interstate, but that is a minor subset of roadway. Besides, the standard that exists is quite detrimental to the environment and has subsidized driving over use of green tech like rail.     trash service/sewer: "You can use our service to dispose of your waste, and we do it in an environmentally friendly way!" or "this house comes with its own septic tank and trash disposal system that only needs to be emptied once a year"     Your kid can't come to school with lice: not really coercion in this case, so I don't think this is a clear objection to my point. Assuming a free society where people freely choose whether to attend a school or learn from home, this would simply be a by-law of association with the school (similar to a contract). In this case, you could either suspend the person from coming to school in a non-disciplinary manner or your school could have a benefit of enrollment where they treat lice.       Not sure what you are getting at after the waterproofing thing. If you are willing, would you mind clarifying?
1	brodude. dudebro. bro. dude. oh my god man.
0	Read the full post before commenting to stop yourself from looking like a jackass.   Also, I said in the very first part I don't have a problem with gay black people, I have a problem with flamboyant people. Seriously, just read the damn post, it's not hard.   And disliking a single personality type doesn't make me xenophobic, it just means that my personality and theirs don't mix well, therefor I don't associate with them. Not because I hate them, but because I don't care for the way they act.
1	Yer dat 2 sentence
1	Dude I just played a game like that! We were doing an all-heal comp, Nami top, I was Kayle jungle, Nid mid, Sona and Taric bot lane. We got wrecked until I hit my fifth item, then I hard-carried from like 20 kills down and won. Turns out Kayle jungle is broken as fuck.
1	people are just total sheep when it comes to champions...they somehow assume everything that is not FotM is bad. Sejuani is totally viable and a very solid pick.   I still can't understand how LoL players are so stupid when it comes to champions: e.g. Cassio was considered UP for 1.5 years and you had to argue with your team when you wanted to pick her...then all of a sudden she becomes OP only because some pro showed people her strength. Seems like 95% of the playerbase (even a lot of the "pro" players) fail at making unbiased analysis of champion skills and their viability depending on team setups etc.
1	Enlighten me with insults? Way to go "old man".   I don't care what is your % of leaver rate, because if you (or anybody else for that matter) have technical issues with your ISP and your internet connection, then it automatically means you are resposnable for more games ruined than other people who have better internet.   You leave more than others? You deal with the consequences, not the other players. Simple as that. Private leagues in DotA have always worked like that, and it has always worked fine.   FYI, a friend of mine has been testing the threshold of left games for the past 2 months, and he managed to not get banned by Leaver Buster with a percentaghe of 12 games left out of 100.
1	I apologize if came off overly aggressive. I suppose that's the way I talk, but I was simply discussing the future of League of Legends.   Anyways your ambition for League of Legends is rather far reaching. Most major food and drink industries (like Coca-Cola) create such a huge stream of revenue that they often have the excess finance to throw advertisement deals at anything and everything they can, simply because eventually they find something that sticks.   Every game stagnates, simply because they require a modicum of creativity in order to sustain themselves over a long enough time. WoW is able to keep themselves around so long simply because they're pumping out expansion packs to constantly keep things fresh. League of Legends is severely limited with their content because their only new content is a handful of champions every year or some modified small portion of the game. Looking at the bigger picture though it is still the same gameplay over and over.   It's definitely arguable whether the League of Legends pro-scene is able to stick around for a bit but the general population buying skins and whatever random content (which I assume is the majority of Riot's revenue) is already starting to plateau. It's already fairly common for people to all-together quit playing the game but still thoroughly enjoy the pro-scene. A 5-10 year prediction is very much a longshot, let alone anything that Hollywood would be interested in.
0	You couldn't be more right about this. You pretty much described the entire relationship. I could go on a huge rant about her because the break up is still fresh and I'm still angry, sad, etc., but I'll save you the boring details. It does still hurt a little because I do care about her. But you're right when you say not to date people who are in any way unstable. &nbsp;   She did end up resenting me, she did have extremely poor communication (which often lead to fights), and I'm pretty sure she looked in every direction for someone else to comfort her and take her side while she gets shit faced and has a pity party. &nbsp;
1	It's not that Warmogs is OP and too good of and item to pass up. Its more that HP stacking is the best defensive stat in game since the penetration changes. And what better item to get for HP stacking than Warmogs, the highest HP item in the game? Oh and FYI Warmogs on Urgot isn't uncommon of a build. He's more of a tanky anti-carry ad caster.
1	I agree with everything. When I first found Syndra I was blown away by how strong her damage was from level one, and it held all the way through to late game. She isn't as devastating as say a Karthus or Orianna because she's mostly single-target burst, but she can still set up wonderful opportunities for her team, or capitalize on opportunities herself. I love taking an early chalice and spamming the crap out of her abilities. I don't know if you've ever gotten a level 1 blue buff before, but I would suggest the hell out of trying it. You could say the potential is... limitless ^^slap ^^my ^^knee .   On a separate note, I've got a question about building Syndra for you. I commented on your YouTube video, but I figured Reddit was a better discussion platform. I never really liked building Abyssal Scepter on Syndra due to the fact that all of your abilities outrange the item's passive. I felt like that was gold wasted so I've never built it on Syndra. Why do you like building it on her and when have you found that it's more beneficial to do so?   P.S. This was my question from the YouTube video:   Oh yeah, I've also got a question about building Abyssal Scepter. While the AP and MR are good stats to have while laning mid (usually), it﻿ seems like the passive MR reduction wouldn't get used much due to Syndra's poke kit. Do you think that's gold wasted on what could be a Rabadon's/Void staff for more damage or Liandry's for extra poke/HP? I haven't ever built it because of this so I was curious as to your reasonings.
0	Man, I was walking home from high school one day after staying a couple hours in the middle of winter.   I saw two little girls, one about six and one about four. The four year old fell down a hill and cut her leg somewhat and was crying/saying she couldn't walk.   I then proceeded to carry her to her home, didn't have anything else to do that day. When I knocked on her door her mother answered and immediately started accusing me of attacking/touching her daughter -_-
0	Not all teenagers are violent assholes!   Me & my friends play football (saccar) outside my house a lot. The ball is kicked off a fence, and there's other people nearby, so sometimes they'll want us to quieten down. Specifically, 3 guys. All around 40 years old in different houses.   Guy #1 usually comes out with a knife, threatening to call the police and he'll pop our ball if it goes anywhere near him. He swears at us and is just generally an asshole.   Guy #2 usually comes out and just asks us if we can quieten down or move somewhere else. He seems a little annoyed, but nice at the same time.   Guy #3 comes out shouting at us, threatening to kick all our asses if we don't get the hell out of there.   Guess which guy we normally listen to? Yep. Only #2.   With guy #1, we just end up hating him. Some of my friends try specifically to annoy him, and the only thing we do when he comes out is just keep playing or wait til he goes away.   With guy #2, we normally respect him and try to leave/be quieter. I mean some of my friends will still say stuff like "What a grumpy asshole!!", but most of us like him and listen to him.   With guy #3, we just laugh it off. A 40 year old guy is going to come out here and kick our asses? 1 vs 5? That's an empty threat if i ever heard one. We're going nowhere.
1	Fuck yes. Buckle up bitches because here comes a rant about the Jungle Cunt from yours truly. So Let's start with my main issues with Nidalee 1- You can't catch and/or kill the bitch. It does not matter what you do, if you do not lock her down or literally 1 shot her, she will get away and I can fucking promise you that much. 2- Her damage can only be described by the word "disgusting" It is not balanced in any meaning of the word and we will go further into this shortly. 3- This bitch is ungankable. I thought I hated her when I played top lane. No. Fuck that, if there is a Jungle Cunt top lane, you might as well fucking forget that it exists because there is no way a kill is going down. "But Number1lion, what about if you have a Nidalee on your team?" Literally the exact same thing. Nidalee is useless when ganking for her, even if you do a perfect gank, you will not get her or yourself a kill. 0 CC = why the fuck are you helping top lane. 4- This bitch takes 0. Fucking. Skill. People like to bitch about a lot of champions, they like to say that Ryze is easy, that Blitzcrank takes little skill. Let me introduce your bitch ass to Nidalee- the champ that actually takes negative skill. This champ will make a bronze 5 player look good. Why? Because Her kit is fucking stupid and meant to be easy to win with. Q- Fuck this shit. "We're going to give her a 1500 range skillshot nuke on a 3.6 second cooldown that does 450+ 120% AP at max range."-Riot Are you fucking kidding me? That is insane. "But Number1lion, it's a small skillshot and it is hard to hit!" You know what? If this is how you defend Nidalee get the fuck out. The spell is on a 3.6 SECOND COOLDOWN. WHO THE FUCK CARES IF IT'S HARD TO HIT. IF YOU FIRE ABOUT 15 OF THEM PRIOR TOO/DURING A TEAMFIGHT IT DOES NOT MATTER IF IT IS HARD TO HIT. YOU ONLY NEED TO HIT 1 OUT OF 15 TO FUCKING SLAUGHTER AN ADC/MAGE/SUPPORT/ANYONE BUT FUCKING GALIO. Honest to god I hate this spell in Human mode, I hate how people that main this champ defend it, and I fucking hate the damage it does. Q-Cougar mode- +75 Range, about a 3 second cooldown ( I don't care to do the math exactly), MAGIC DAMAGE, dual scaling, and a fucking execute. This does stupid fucking damage at level 1. I'll even explain how your level 1 trade with Nidabitch will play out. 1- She hits a Q in human mode. 2- She Transforms, and does about half of your health thanks to the 33% bonus from Hunt. It doesn't matter if this bitch is going AP or AD, thanks to the rework of the century she scales with both and it hurts like a bitch from both. People bitched about Darius' level 1 damage. LOOK AT THIS BITCH. JUST FUCKING LOOK AT HER DAMAGE. THIS MAKES OLD DARIUS LOOK LIKE A LITTLE GIRL. ( Not Annie) W- Oh this shit. No fuck this shit. It's not enough that she get's 10% MS when walking through a brush, no, she also needs an ENDLESS SUPPLY OF WARDS. This is on a 13 second CDR at lvl 1 and if going full CDR will be 5.4 seconds at level 5. I probably wouldn't mind this ability so much if it didn't do fucking insane damage. This shit does 100+18%(+2% per 100 AP) of your CURRENT HEALTH if you step on this. This is not some little wooden trap. THIS SHIT IS A NUCLEAR BOMB IN TRAP FORM. This shit will make your champ need a fucking wheelchair if you step on this shit. Oh and then she get's vision of you for 4 seconds as if the damage wasn't enough. W-Cougar mode. Fuck. This. Spell. I hate this. This makes me angry to see. I hate it so fucking much. 375 range Jump on a 3 second CDR. She can jump over walls, she can jump from bush to bush, she can dodge shit, she can weave shit, she can't be ganked. A Nid that isn't silenced is basically playing League on God mode if she is not silenced/stunned/dead. I won't even get into the fact that it DOUBLES IN RANGE IF YOU ARE HUNTED. 7-fucking-50 range on a 3 second CDR. Good fucking luck getting away skippy. This bitch is going to send you straight to hell. E- 205+ 50% AP Heal. Oh, and as if giving a non-support champ an insane, point and click, 7.2 second CDR heal wasn't enough, it also gives 60% attackspeed for 7 seconds. Yeah, you read that right. 1800g worth of value on a 7.2 second CDR. This mean's that an ADC effectively has 1800g worth of stats for free as soon as this spell is maxed. Are you fucking kidding me? WW was nerfed because his W gave 40% to teammates. This shit is disgusting and makes trading her pointless. This is a commonly said thing when playing against Nid " Oh yeah I actually somehow managed to out trade her, even with her bullshit damag....and she is back to full health." Get ready to lose every fucking trade you make with her because this heal is absolute bullshit and make's the worst players look like a fucking lvl99 priest up in this bitch. E-Cougar. At first I didn't have an issue with this spell; 3 second CDR, 300 range, fairly balanced damage at all ranks, and a 45% scaling. But then I thought about it. This bitch has everything, poke, attackspeed, heal, wards, mobility, damage, AND THEN YOU GIVE HER WAVE CLEAR?! Imagine Vayne with a never ending trinket, a free heal, and a Sivir Q on her kit. This spell, while balanced as a whole imo, is bullshit because of what it does to her as a champ. Now she is not limited to staying in teamfights. She splitpushes faster than a goddamn Nasus. This spell effectively makes her the best at fucking anything she wants to do. Splitpush Nid? Fuck yeah go for it man, not like anyone will catch you thanks to your 10000 wards on the map or the insane movement speed. Mage/poke Nid? Dude go and poke the fuck out of anyone you want. Who cares if you miss 90% of your spears. Hit one and you win the teamfight. Brawler Nid? Your bullshit Cougar Q makes you a god of trading anyone with Hunt on them, so go eat a goddamn ADC up if you want too. R- W/e being able to choose melee or range is always stupid and makes every champ that has it counter fun to lane against. Literally every one who has it is not a fun matchup ever.
1	This will probably sound pretty dickish, but I rarely honor people, unless they were actually good. In that I mean they either: A.) worked well in laning, team fights, or ganking; B.) communicate clearly and concisely without being condescending; C.) are genuinely helpful, again without being condescending; and finally D.) are a genuinely good opponent (in this I mean someone who doesn't taunt via /all chat, someone who is a good player - enough to make me say out loud "good play!").   There are, however, a few disqualifying factors - Asking for honor, ninja-afk'ing for extended periods of time, or being being condescending / rude.   I honestly think it's like Lyte put it yesterday, "(. . .), Honorable players who are true positive should not be reported very often." ( -  Pattern Recognition ) This really hits the nail on the head. A true honorable opponent shouldn't be getting honor each and every single match, but rather should be a few in between. It sounds kind of backwards, because you'd think that if someone is really deserving of the honor, they will accrue it quickly, but it will probably be the opposite, or at least, they'll accrue it at a median pace. Not being any of the outlier's being people who have 0 honor, and people who have  all the honor!   I say this because everyone has just plain awesome games where they go 60 / 0 / 185 when they end with 12 bloodthirsters, 3 miraculously stacking infinity edges, 8 ionic sparks, 4 warmogs, 17 black cleavers, a guardian angel, and 180 baron buffs that have all stacked, but everyone also have games where they go 0 / 720 / 500 where they end at level 18 with boots of speed and a health potion. No one ever consistently plays a game wherein they're deserving of honor past "Honorable Opponent" or "Friendly". But in my opinion, those 2 are kind of the swing votes of honor. I have absolutely 0 friendly honor, but I have 11 team work and 9 helpful honor votes. Does that mean I'm not friendly? -- Not at all, it just means that I was actually a good player in those games. I've also played a hell of a lot more games then just those possible 11 games where I got honor (I probably play LoL too much), at least 3x that amount.   As it is though, my usual response when people(s) ask for honor is, "If there were any here deserving of honor, I'd have given it." It's a multi fold statement then -- it fulfills my need to be an ass; it tells people who got no honor what I may think of them, especially for asking for it; and it tells people whom I may have awarded honor that I actually think them deserving of it.
1	Learning from your mistakes is key. Watch replays of your games and see how you can benefit more to winning the game. Some games I had bad games but ultimately my team lost from poor play collectively and a lack of communication. Are you calling mia?If they are MIA, you better be pinging lanes so they dont get ganked. Though tedious, this is what you have to do to raise your elo enough where you will then not need to do this.   //Random story of the day.... I'm at 1570 elo and some people I play with should not be there. My last game I had a teammate who never said anything until his turn (last pick) and after picking udyr top who he had never played before, he proceeded to only say "fk u". Just watching him play top and seeing his 40 cs in 20 minutes makes me cringe. However, I did what I could to gank (as ryze) and we proceeded to win because while he was bad, we all communicated well and everyone else played well enough to mask the udyrs poor skill.
1	Well when you don't even catch half the things the player is doing and don't even evaluate his plays himself then you aren't gonna get anywhere in the first place. But it's all down to someone's opinion really.   For the general New/Bronze player it helps to know the basics. Which are normally not talked about on streams and are more focused on by gold/plat players because they know the basics.   But like I just said now and before I'm talkin about bronze players which make up a majority of the league community. Of course it may be different for others.   One last thing . People tend to pick up idiotic habits from streamers more so from anywhere else because they don't even try to understand whats going on. That's why you see AP tryndameres who don't even split push and try to team fight and etc.
0	Although that is a popular meme, I really do think that way, and often cause awkward situations IRL because of it.   In this case, she had already spoke about it in a different reply, otherwise I would have not thought to ask. I felt uneasy asking, but went ahead anyway, trying to be less direct about it with an immature term "romantic lovemaking".   I already explained why I would ask an asexual that question.   My social skills aren't that great, so sometimes I can be misunderstood, and I can cross the lines without understanding what I'd done wrong. In this case, with the reasons I have given, I felt that it wasn't bad as the topic had already been mentioned.   If I wanted to talk about creepy/perv things, there are much more interesting targets in this thread. This one however, intrigued me as it isn't something I am familiar with. If I were familiar with it, perhaps I would have known better in the first place.   And after all that, we probably still won't come to terms because we just don't think alike.   P.S. that subreddit is interesting.
0	Honestly, what jobs don't take some amount of dedication, initiative, or sacrifice? Many supply goods that people rely on daily.  I don't see why that is any less valuable than something militarily related.
0	I'm sure I'll get lost in comment oblivion, but if I don't I have some hope for ya ;). This is coming from a 20 f who did the exact same Thing to my SO just over a year ago. I was in college, he was 1200 miles away and he just asked me to marry him two Xmas ago. I said yes but shortly after realized I couldn't do the long distance engagement while in college. So I broke it off and lived my life. I don't want to tell you that part of the story because I'm sure if her thought process is the same she'll do a lot of the same things.   However I can fast forward the story to a year later, we'll call it "today." We're getting married at the end of March :). I always told him I would come back though, I made that very clear when we split last February.
1	IMO get over it and pick it the champion it doesn't get greyed out or anything just has the "no" icon, doesn't change anything other then an extra second to remember that champ wasn't banned.
1	I (~1200 elo) duo with my friend (~1650). We average out to playing vs. 1450-1500 opponents. We are having a pretty nice win % lately, and (usually Im AD carry) I feel like I been holding my own atleast vs. 1450+ lanes (not getting hard carried every game). You can still easily win with someone that "low". The only real difference Ive noticed is the elo win/loss. I tend to win more elo (~15 per win) and lose less (~9), where as my friend is the opposite (~9 per win, - ~15 per loss). The thing with elo is that it doesnt always mean skill per se. He could have recently started ranked or something, I cant know without knowing his sn.
0	religions and diets aren't analogous.  Also, how do you force veganism on a child? They go to school where diets are omnivorous.  Just because parents cook vegan at home does not mean it is forced.  Forcing a child to be religious, on the other hand, can actually be detrimental.  Young minds are impressionable and often times do not part with false beliefs formed in developmental periods.  Living as a religious person and then coming to realize religion is false can be traumatic and change your whole foundation of belief and morality.  Veganism? It's a fucking dietary preference.  While there are many, many moral reasons for being vegan, it is not a religion or foundation of belief.  It is a cause of some other belief.  As long as these beliefs are not forced upon a child there is no reason a vegan diet provided at home is wrong.  Parents have been making children eat shit they don't want to since the beginning of fucking time.
1	I used to be semi-raging every game. What has helped me a lot was restricting myself from using chat until i have released all my rage in real life :P   Example: bot lane dies after 2 minutes in laning phase, irl i tell myself wow these guys are bad. but i restrict myself from saying it in chat until like 10 seconds after it where you have released the rage within you, and instead i try to give them tips in a friendly manner.   This has helped a lot for me, i get honored on a daily bases ^^   (irl im still a raging tryndamere)
1	Picked Irelia; got my ass handed to me by a Bruiser Nidalee; She was too tanky. My support flamed me for everything. Next game I got matched with the support again, and they started flaming in champion select again. Went Irelia top again, killed their Renekton over and over, whilst the flamer from last game was feeding and blaming it on Taric. This person complained about getting retarded team mates all the time, but they flame and blame and can't accept when they make their own mistakes.
0	More like  Becomes friends with the friend(Guy B) of the person you like(Guy A) and Guy B then falls for you and you start going out with him.
0	I rarely check my account and I generally don't dialog on reddit, but this is an interesting question and I am unusually qualified to answer it.  Sorry it took so long for me to realize that this question was posed.   I am not going to answer your specific question because it is too specific.  Instead, I'm going to answer the real question: at what level of math do students stop acquiring skills to enhance their ability to become a good programmer/system supporter.   I would say that I would not trust someone with less than precalculus level logical skills to be an adequate coder.   I teach students coding and math skills from 9th through 12th grade.  I can say with confidence that even the more gifted 9th graders do not have adequate logic and abstraction skills to support a semi-complex computer system.  If you ever could sit in on my basic spread sheet course with 9th graders, you would quickly learn that you would not trust ANY of them with even a basic computer program yet -- and some of them do go on to become programmers.   7th grade is underestimating the levels of abstraction and logic required to be an adequate system support person -- and further misunderstanding the education build up to achieve those levels of logical and abstract thinking.  I see it every day in the students I teach.
0	Everything in nature has always been in an arms race.   When plants develop a defense eventually certain pathogens overcome it and hopefully the plants can develop a new defense before they are wiped out.   Adding new defenses to a plant will eventually result in whatever pathogen is best at overcoming those defenses to become the most successful. But whatever is able to overcome a defense is usually able to only overcome that specific defense (like how most penicillin-resistant strains of bacteria are still susceptible to other antibiotics). So whatever out there is most threatening to a crop gets engineered against and then we wait until the next thing pops up.   Example: In the 80's there was a virus which came quite close to wiping out Hawaii's papayas. The University of Hawaii then developed a strain of papaya resistant to the virus which is the reason that they are still produced in Hawaii today.   If some fungal infection came along that was good at killing the original papaya plants it would also kill the engineered papaya plants because they have only been altered to protect against a specific virus.
0	Ooh! A bike story! My turn!   Kid that lives across the road from me was fucking awful. Bullied me and my younger sister for most of our childhood years. When we moved away I finally managed to lose contact with him.   A few years go by, me and the kid are in high school together, though little to no interaction between us as we were in different classes and had different friends. Get to the second year of high school and after inorganic collection week (a week each year you pile all your crap from couches to boxes from the attic on your front lawn, people pick through what they want and at the end of however many days the government comes and takes it all away) I hear that something awful has happened. The kid who tormented me for years picked up a bike from one of the piles and began to ride it home. Going down the steepest hill in the area (that we lived halfway down) he realised that the brakes didn't function, and apparently went head on into a bus. In a coma for a few days, when he eventually came back to school months later we happen to be in food tech class together, and suddenly he's as nice as he can be to me. Perhaps it was cuz I was suddenly 6' while he was maybe 5'5", or maybe he knew karma is out to get him...
1	This exact same post came up at the end of season 3 and got over 3000 comments:   **[Dec 2013](   So, what has happened since December, 2013? Here's an adc-specific cliffnotes of each  patch :   3.9= Corki (+)   4.1= Jinx (-) (E damage reduced at early levels)   4.2= Ashe (+) (Hawkshot "buff")   4.3= Corki (+)   4.4= Ezreal (+) Kog'maw (+) (increased dmg for AD Kog, nerfed AP ratios, however) Sivir (-) (Q nerf) Tristana (+)   4.5= Graves (+) Miss Fortune (+)   4.6= none  Twitch VU, significant [increase]( in Twitch play persisting still   4.7= Miss Fortune (+/-) (increased AP ratios, not very impactful as ADC)   PBE currently= Tristana (+)   2x:Nerfs, 10x:Buffs   So are there any "I'm so glad they are tweaking other ADC's every few weeks and making them more viable" posts? no (well, I found  one   I don't believe the "buff other ADC's" is a viable argument. To say that Twitch/Lucian are disproportionately awesome, but shouldn't be touched is obviously silly. Each ADC can't win 50+% of their games, it's just not reasonable. Options exist outside of Twitch and Lucian - use them.   The bottom line for me on this issue is: (
1	If you have high MMR, sure, you might be facing mid platinums in your gold promos, but your team will have platinums too... so if you can pull your weight you'll be fine.   To climb quickly you need to go on consistent winning streaks. You have to pull yourself up to 100 LP in a division  and then  win two of the next three games.   If you're playing with people of the same skill level as you, you shouldn't be going on winning streaks very often. The whole purpose of the MMR system is to put you into fairly even matchups.
1	Not only is Bo1 a silly idea for promotion, single elimination is equally poor.   Say we have 8 teams in brackets, each separated by skill (#1 > #2 > #3, etc):   #1 v #2, #3 v #4   #5 v #6, #7 v #8   In this situation only 2 of the top 4 teams can hope to pass to 3rd place, not 3. We eliminate 2, 4, 6 and 8 assuming skill difference trumps:   #1 v #3   #5 v #7   We now have a guaranteed top 2 finish for a 5th or 7th skill team. Like what?
0	Yes, actually. I'd like you to note though that some lawyers will take your case and only charge you if you win, though. Though a case like this might be hard to prove, that would be up to the lawyer to determine. So... no, it isn't a stupid idea. Proceeding with a lawsuit when no lawyer will handle the case IS a stupid idea.
1	I managed to stay positive by mostly just trying to laugh at everything xD. For example if a riven 1v2s the jungle and top then carrys the game I just laugh at how the riven made this massive out play.
0	Meh, some people learn differently than others. I was enrolled internally, but the only times I ever attended were for mandatory practical sessions. Skipped every lecture in my final 2 years.   This topic comes up every other week on Reddit. Usually in /r/askreddit when people ask for college advice. Indubitably, this is the top post, and indubitably, I reply with this same old comment every time.   FWIW, my GPA was sufficient for me to get offered my PhD in geophysics.
1	I doubt this or anything like this will ever happen   issues:     people with too much IP will just buy all this crap then in a year demand more stuff     for every one person who thinks this is awesome, 100 will think its a slap in the face. riot will basically be introducing a skin that the average player (and especially new players) will never be able to obtain. side effect: subsection of people will start doing weird stuff just to farm IP for this.     currently, skins and boosts are purchased strictly with RP. this would basically break riot's entire business model of IP=gameplay related stuff, RP=fluff and non-gameplay related stuff.       solutions:     something extremely arbitrary like a summoner icon that costs enough IP to make it a sink but not enough that it will weird people out.. like 15k IP or something (and account must be X years old)     something out of game that is also extremely arbitrary like a special forum title or some pointless privelege       basically, 1) it can't be TOO expensive, maybe 10-20k IP at the most 2) it can't be something that a normal player even wants or thinks they need   therefore I'd say that this is not an easy problem for riot without potentially screwing things up. my best suggestion if you have tons of IP? be glad you can buy brand new champs every single time they come out and don't hold your breath for a solution on this.
1	It just does not appeal to me because for 30 minutes to an hour they just bash whatever team they feel they need to bash. They call out problems and harass whatever team they wish for x amount of time. IMO, this is unprofessional and shouldn't be tolerated by teams/players.   Their job is to call out problems and point out issues with players, this is a thing that happens in sports. Not everyone is good, if this game is supposed to be competitive, players doing badly shouldn't be praised or ignored.   > The players/teams are what make this whole thing go round. Players have to go through quite a bit and be put under thousands of fans and critics pressure every day. So having an entire, somewhat popular show just bash them is NOT OK.   This is a thing that happens in a competitive environment, if a player doesn't want to deal with that, don't be a pro. Yes, sometimes people go overboard, but holy shit, what do you expect in a competitive game?No one's saying, "The Detroit Lions are a great team, don't say bad things about them to hurt their feelings!"   >
1	The first like 30 games I played ranked the only champion I knew how to play was Annie and I would just lock her in every game. As long as I was on Annie I could win the game and I ended up with some amazing record of like 75 to 30 with Annie but anytime I had to play someone else I would lose that game. So I ended up in like 900 elo. Then I took a  break from ranked learned how to play other roles in normals and customs with some friend and came back a few months later.I did something stupid and I removed Annie from my champion pool because people had convinced me she wasn't good. She was still my best champion and I should have stayed loyal to her, if I had I probably wouldn't have dropped to my all time low elo of 799. During season 3 I feel like I've finally started to understand how this game works a little bit and now I've made it to gold (with Annie in my roaster) and I wanna keep growing.
0	As someone who's mother did this to me when I was a kid (4th grade-ish), I strongly advise against this.   When my mom did this to me, it was on a trip to our cottage, which is two and a half hours from our house and it was going to be a while before I could escape. I already kind of knew what sex was, but only enough to know that there was no way in fuck I wanted to talk to my mom about it. She started by telling me she wanted to talk about sex, then asked me if I knew what it was. I mumbled yes, and then she asked me to explain to her what it was. I started getting severely anxious, and began forcing myself to cry. Finally, i was crying enough to get her to stop and the rest of the car ride continued in silence. For the next three years plus, i refused to ride in a car alone with her, and I would always invite my younger sister to go with me when I had to go somewhere with my mom. I knew she wouldn't try that shit again with my little sister, and was able to insulate myself from further 'car talks.'
0	The mods of r/adviceanimals are hitler.   Ok, guys, pack it up, this discussion is over.
0	I love how insightful the first part of this was and how great the
0	So, Fyghter, two innocent lives literally hang in the balance based on your decision alone. Your dog and a random toddler slip off the side of a cliff, but you're there to catch one with each hand, but they're both slipping. You know for a fact if you don't drop one, you will certainly lose both. Which one was it again that you would save EVERY time?
1	Dude don't listen to them, you are perfectly right. What Darien does is like a football team would lead 5-0 then proceed to score own goals, thus implying the opposition is rubbish. For instance, in handball, if you mock the enemy (let's say, try to score a goal by kicking the ball with your head) you get a 2 minute suspension. Darien was basically telling Millenium "i'm so good and you're so bad" which is not a right message.
0	I wish the people who were "super worried about me" when I had my appendix out would have visited me while I was in the hospital. I wish the same people would have taken the opportunity to make up for it by visiting me when two weeks later I was back in the hospital for complications. I wish even any one of them would have come to see me or even talked to me on my birthday, which was during these hospital visits. I wish any of them would have stayed in contact with me when I had to medically withdraw from school for the rest of the semester because I had to do outpatient antibiotics therapy for the next three weeks. I had one visitor, and she was only there because her dad works at the hospital and she noticed me on her way to take him lunch. It's been like three months since I first got sick and these people still aren't talking to me. It's like they took the opportunity to just cut me out of their lives. I feel like I don't have any friends anymore because I couldn't hang out with them when it was convenient for them.  Several months ago. Because I was dying.
1	PLEASE take this post down!!!! Swain does NOT need to become popular. He will just become fotm because people think they know his secrets (which everyone should already know) and play him because he is "OP", even when they cant land a single root and dont know when to E to max their damage, but he will be popular anyway and then nerfed.
1	You know logic, right? If I was to troll, or to play very badly, or to leave every second game etc. I am going to end up in lower elo. Correct? That means: the lower you get, the higher your chances are of having a game with those kind of people. At the same time, there is a good chance of having those sort of people on the enemy team. But you have a great chance of having a streak of horrible games as portrayed by OP. Furthermore, some games are impossible to carry, even if you play like a fucking god. That is what I consider Elohell. And it is very much real. Now naturally, you have those kind of players everywhere, just not as often (which is pure logic). That is true and if you don't agree, please explain in a logical and argumentative way, why you think it is false.
1	I did not abandon my old tier list format. I mention in the article as to why I did not do the 5 types tier list.
1	See, this is why it sucks to be matched with premade teams. Not only because of all the flaming and hate that goes on that targets the lone wolf, but because as the lone wolf, you can really feel the pressure to do well. If you don't do well, then you can easily go on tilt (has happened to me before).   I don't mean to say that I've never been on a 4-man premade team, I have. But when I do, I don't flame. I might get frustrated, but I don't tell anyone that. I also make sure that my friends aren't flaming the random, so it usually turns out okay.   Then the random starts flaming us, and at that point? Well...guess what's about to hit the fan?
1	That moment when i bought all my champs and runes and everything with IP.
0	My take on the matter is this: there is very little American patriotism. Too often, all of the people I have met who do not speak English are extremely patriotic for their country of origin. My take on the matter is yes, bring your culture, and mix it into US. But leave your nation behind. If your nation is so great, why did you leave and come here? We are a nation of immigrants, yes. But we are also a nation of immigrants who left their country because it was not the vision they hoped. They came to this one to continue the American Dream.   I love foreign languages, and have already starting working on being fluent in German, French, Spanish, and Chinese. If I go to those countries, you damn well know I'm adding myself to their culture, not forcing them to adopt to mine. Unfortunately, now we have people living here who 1.) do not care about the betterment of America, 2.) do not even bother to learn the language of the people living here, but instead force others to learn their native language (which too many feel-good PC pseudo hippies are willing to comply with), 3.) cause (at least where I'm from) legal and social problems.   We have entire neighborhoods which are basically mini-replicas, some good (well-kept, nice, respected), and some bad (dirty, crime-ridden, unsafe)
1	The disparity between top and bottom looks rather large at the moment in NA, and there's really only ~2 teams sitting in the gap (T8 and GV), both of which honestly look just fine, but not insane.  I'd say it's pretty clear cut at this point that WFX, DIG, Coast, and TL(Piglet Edition) are the worst teams in the NA LCS, even though TL still may make playoffs, thanks to Keith's wins.   I think it's very possible GV and T8 could also step up and open up a real discussion for the ranking among the top 6, but as of yet it's hard to tell, with games being Bo1 and mixed schedules.
1	First of all welcome to LoL.   To start with i would like to say that you should try to look for the "reccommended" tag on champions (annie, ryze, ashe etc) as they are fairly easy to manage.   Play your first games versus bots to get familiar with the Q W E R D F setup and change some of it if you want to customize for your own needs.   Choose a carry role, the champion doesnt matter much at this point just get familiar with lanes and jungle. Constantly look at the map as it will give you alot of information. Knowing what the enemy does at all times might save you and your friends life.   When you are buying items, try to learn whats what and who suits the items the best. The guides on solomid.net often also come with a full mastery page and a full rune page. Very often this will compensate for some items, and you wont be able to copy everything from it. As long as you know the items you are buying, and when to buy them, you are on a good ground. Unique abilities are the same in LoL as in WoW, you can only have 1 of the current bonuses, they do not stack (2 Infinity Edges does not give 500% crit damage)   If you do find the game interesting after some games, consider buying a bundle of champions with RP. This will increase your champion database, and you can actually start to learn some of them permanently instead of going for the weekly roulette of champions.
0	I can't show a credible source because google only shows WebMD, DoctorOz and sites with nutritional facts whilst denying other proven healthy habits. I learned it in Biology.   The only think I can link is:
0	Comment I made further down that expands on the game mechanics:   > Every honeybee daughter is a potential (albeit poor quality) queen too. The current queen keeps her children reproductively inactive through a combination of pheromones, physical harassment and destroying any rogue eggs she finds in the hive. > In single-year hives such as bumblebees and yellowjackets, this reproductive dominance is lost when the current queen ages, goes missing, is insufficiently nourished or otherwise incapable of stopping her kids' hatching their own eggs. At this point, depending on the species, the hive could have it's queen killed and usurped by healthy offspring, hijacked by a rogue individual (extremely rare) or just collapse into anarchy and abandoned.   > Eusocial queen dynamics have been a hot topic in behavioural research for a few years, and it turns out that the queen:worker dictator:slave relationship is mostly false. In a lot of species a thriving hive can be single step from insurrection, and can have more than one queen "cooperating".   >
0	Sadly, you broke the rules to Reddit. Here they are: If you are going to ask a question, it cannot be something that you are genuinely curious about or do not understand. Instead of being appreciated for utilizing the Reddit community, you will be demeaned for not "Googling" it first. If you want upvotes and generally positive reception for a question, it has to being something completely meaningless and has to allow each Redditor to answer with their own story or example. Reddit loves to tell stories and give opinions, but most of Reddit HATES supporting actual curiosity or facilitating any type of actual learning.
1	Hi i am SteveSter and i am a casual plat player who mains Katarina top aiming for Diamond or masters playing Katarina top.   My goal in life is to try my best and make people's day by making them smile or laugh. I am super friendly and will help anybody in anyway i can by talking to anybody with personal problems or help anyone who wants to get better at league. I play ranked and normal usually chilling with my friends.   I usually stream it is usually weekdays 11am - 6pm EST   1 of my streams in a nutshell
0	Do enlighten us ignorant rabble about the "proper" way to celebrate? Whatever's percolating in your tiny little brain let's compare it to reality:   "In 19th century Ireland, "candles would be lit and prayers formally offered for the souls of the dead. After this the eating, drinking, and games would begin"   "In Scotland, youths went house-to-house on 31 October with masked, painted or blackened faces, often threatening to do mischief if they were not welcomed.[44] F. Marian McNeill suggests the ancient festival included people in costume representing the spirits, and that faces were marked with ashes taken from the sacred bonfire.[45] In parts of Wales, men went about dressed as fearsome beings called gwrachod.[44] In the late 19th and early 20th century, young people in Glamorgan and Orkney dressed as the opposite gender.[44] In parts of southern Ireland, the guisers included a hobby horse. A man dressed as a Láir Bhán (white mare) led youths house-to-house reciting verses—some of which had pagan overtones—in exchange for food. If the household donated food it could expect good fortune from the 'Muck Olla'; not doing so would bring misfortune.[46][47] Elsewhere in Europe, mumming and hobby horses were part of other yearly festivals. However, in the Celtic-speaking regions they were "particularly appropriate to a night upon which supernatural beings were said to be abroad and could be imitated or warded off by human wanderers".[44]   As early as the 18th century, "imitating malignant spirits" led to playing pranks in Ireland and the Scottish Highlands, and the practice eventually spread to England.[44] The "traditional illumination for guisers or pranksters abroad on the night in some places was provided by turnips or mangel wurzels, hollowed out to act as lanterns and often carved with grotesque faces to represent spirits or goblins".[44] These were common in parts of Ireland and the Scottish Highlands in 19th century,[44] as well as in Somerset (see Punkie Night). In the 20th century they spread to other parts of England and became generally known as jack-o'-lanterns.[44]"   rarely has a human being been so completely wrong and off base before, kudos.
1	And a spell sheild and increased self healing + cdr  DON'T  serve different purposes? Banshees = cowl + outrageous + 875. This is practically saying kindlegem = Sight stone because they:   >literally build from same items   No. Just no. They have different passives and stats. Just because they give mr and hp (hp is on a lot of defensive items without mana), doesn't make them the same.  They build out of the same items. Whoop do freaking do, so do most boots (let's be honset, the amount of times I've sat on boots and a dagger to make BG's is pretty slim), but they still offer differnet stats.   Edit: BT and IE serve the same purpose. Damage. Just as SV and BV serve for magic resist, so do BT and IE do damage. The other effects are where they differ. Crit chance/lifesteal and cdr/more hp? Spellsheild/Self heal and higher crit damage/lifesteal + more damage? My examples have the same effect as SV and BV =/, that the 2 items share less than half their stats. Build paths don't matter.
1	I don't understand the point of this. You basically just said that you will queue with the same people that you're queuing with now. Which is common sense. Your conclusion/
1	Oh I'm sorry, the mods can't just add the original theme in addition to the 2 new one.  LOOK I FIXED IT.  We're so spoiled we can't just add one little thing until we have a better grasp on making a readable theme.  Got it.
1	I got an Xpecial smurf in one of my games and I was completely drunk. I managed to get first blood on their mid by doing a really stupid flash and Q as Ahri that should have got me killed, then kept exchanging kills with their mid (which I guess is better than feeding relentlessly). The whole time he was really nice, explaining stuff to his support bot lane on how to trade, and making calls as he played Graves. He never raged. He messed up once and apologized. I normally don't really remember when I get high elo players in blind picks, but he was so nice to everyone it stood out.   Then he said he wasn't Xpecial after I tried in horrible English to thank him for the carry, but he was streaming the next day as the same name.
1	I also get major anxiety playing normals (I just play bot games and ARAM's since it's less stressful.) But playing with a friend in normals or ranked is always the best thing. You know you are doing your best and your friend knows that so it is alright if either one of you do poorly.
0	So full background, I broke up with my first ever girlfriend of 5 years, 6 months ago. She left me, I got over it, decided to try and go and try my luck with somebody. Some friends told me this girl had a reputation but stupid me decided to go for it anyway.   I hung out with her once or twice, and I took her to work on Saturday night, brought her home from work Saturday night, and as I dropped her off, I asked her if she wanted to hang out tomorrow (Sunday). I show up at her house last night at 5 to 8. I honk the horn twice to let her know I'm there, no answer. I wait till 8, honk twice more, no answer. She doesn't have a phone so I ring her doorbell. Her mom answers the door, calls to her, she yells back down she's "cleaning her room and can't come out tonight." Ok, cool I just got blown off.   I go to the bar, have a good time regardless, all is well. I get a message not 15 minutes ago from her telling me "never show up at my house like that again" and than immediately get blocked.
1	In fact despite what everyone say these stats mean a lot. If adc would have been so heavily nerfed you should see them tend to 50% winrate because that would mean their impact on the game had decreased.   So adc which have a winrate lower than 50% should have gotten their winrate increased and the others decreased, which is not the case.
1	I disagree. You are the hero ranked  deserves   A common situation I see is "mid or feed" (etc) AFTER you've selected champs. While people respond with hate or flame, I will bluntly tell them:       I have chosen mid (or other lane).         I have locked in the champ for it.         I will play mid (or other) whether or not they feed.         I will carry(/support/etc) them, regardless of whether or not they feed.         That usually solves most problems.   The one thing I always try to keep, is faith in my teammates. LoL is a team game, & teams are built on trust. If I cannot trust a teammate, then I have lost the game.   A few things to keep in mind (
1	I feel like people are missing the point of ARAM. You get a bunch of melee tanks vs a poke team, build orbs of winter wait til level 6 and and all in them. Try stupid crazy strategies. Sometimes the chips are stacked against you and you find ways to win and have fun. You are supposed to get champs you don't play often or well. It is a good tool to learn champs you don't know. You are supposed to get bad, stupid or funny comps. It is Random!   Don't play ARAM cause you want to dunk on noobs FTW! (Although those opportunities are available.) Somebody else gets your favorite champ for the first time and won't trade? Give them a tip or two (just don't be a dick about it.) Play because it's fun and casual. If you are super competitive like me you will still try to win against all odds. Even if you fail miserably you can smile about it because it's ARAM!   I totally have a sweet suggestion for ARAM guys. Lets set it up so I narrow my champs down to a pool of five that I really want to randomly be assigned. I get 5 re-rerolls in case I don't like who I get. This will totally balance ARAM!
0	Actually, if you are driving with the windows down, you have to turn the volume up to be able to hear over air blowing around your car and through your open window.  At a light, when the car is at a rest, there is no noise from the blowing air and the music now sounds like it is too loud.
0	I almost flipped an old SUV slamming on the brake with my left foot (thinking it was the clutch) while trying to 'upshift' an automatic while simply driving down the road. Needless to say scared the living shit out of me and really haven't drove an automatic since. People look at me funny when I tell them I can't drive automatics
1	The only champions who should be taking smite top lane have a built in escape i.e. Hecarim, Shyvana and Rek'sai and are good 1v1. Mundo shouldn't take smite as he can't easily push his lane and doesn't have a good escape mechanic other than landing a slow on one enemy. You don't need vision in solo queue if you took the right champion as you shoved top so their top laner needs to CS and you have skirmishers so you should out duel everyone. On top of this you should still have a good escape and a fast clear, plus your solo lane farm. Also as a jungle main it is way more important to let top and/or bot take a camp from my first clear as the lane advantage is way more important than me getting a six camp start. What they should nerf though is a team shares the charges on smite, this way you don't have double smite to take baron and dragon.
1	First and foremost, I think an important factor is that you have to be  okay  with losing and accepting that losing  is  a very probable outcome. Then, you should aim at having fun and keeping a positive attitude throughout every match - just ignore the ragers (as in, press Tab and ignore them).   If you get in a game stressed and feeling pressured to win, there's also a chance you'll perform poorly because you're putting too much pressure of yourself.
0	This happened to me over a year before I started dating my boyfriend. He had built a recording studio in his house and I swear to God (still) I just looked through the photos of it ONE TIME and I don't even normally use Chrome so it's a problem with sample size and now his Facebook is permanently on my top sites. One year later: DM;HS.
0	To quote George Carlin: "Here's something you'll never hear a guy say: 'STOP SUCKING MY DICK OR I'LL CALL THE POLICE.'"
0	We use SCART over here in Europe because it ia a multi purpose connector. It can carry composite signals (RCA) but also RGB and S-Video. Most video game consoles and DVD players here came with composite (RCA) cables and SCART adapters because it was cheaper to produce. However dedicated SCART cables produce a much better image in case RGB video is supported by the device. I currently use my PS1 and 2 as well as my Mega drive, GameCube and SNES over RGB/SCART on my LCD TV and it looks vibrant and crisp, whereas composite/RCA looks washed out.
1	you fail to understand my point to a level that cannot be described.   yeah im bad in english not cause im young but cause im not from an english speaking country.   the core of the meta stopped shifting for a year and an half...   the way its played changed but thats another matter.   allistar in the jungle is ok hes still a support even if you play him jungle... yeah support jungle never heard of it... ??? gank more then your farm cause you dont rrlly need the farm but then again this farm is wasted durr   ITS STILL FOLLOW THE GOD DAMN META ....   and taric top played as a bruiser IS FOLLOWING THE META but i doubt that a taric will ever do the damage of a riven or wukong or yorick or gankplank in a team figth   GTFO . your the one that fail to understand my point i played jungle allistar when noone did i played shyvanna on release i played shyvanna as an ad carry...   as i said your arrogant and assume your the only one that think in the community and the only one that wanna try new thing... WTF dude you belitteling atleast 50% of the community. stop thinking you understand this game you dont even ... knowledge cant win you game if your the only one with knowledge... thats why the meta exist in solo queu   if you wanna try new thing try it in premade CAUSE that is really the only efficient way to try new thing NOW Stop it you are wrong...i dotn need argument for that   i think you fail to realize that we alrdy understood everythign theory in the game... only new champion are yet to be understood fully.   in theory lol is simple much more simple then starcraft theyre are less variable   in pratice its another story they both ahve theyre difficulties but thats pratice   and trying new thing is done everyday by tons of people and the core of the meta does not change... CAUSE IT WORK VERY WELL   core of the meta being   solo top bruiser/ap w/e just solo top   mid solo   duo bot mostly ad/supprot cause thats the best lane for your ad   and jungle   with 5 champion that go well together and a strategy in mind... thats the meta for me.. theyres many different comp and strat..   you may want to focus your killing on bot... soo you take champ that can gank bot more easely or put champ bot that can initiate bot gank more easely for exemple or you run a kill lane w/e....   your just assuming people are stuck in the meta based on solo/duo queu experience wich make no sense cause the meta is different at every level of play   team meta is different from solo meta   and then theyre 500 elo meta( trynd mid) and 2100 elo meta(  w/e is more safe and have more chance to lead to victory)   and tournament meta...   theyres normal game meta
0	I don't think it's the best people are  knocked  out.  The winner of the voice is locked into a recording contract with Universal, and I think 100 grand.  Nothing to sneeze at until you see how much the label makes on those records.  Let's say that I'm Adam, and I want to sign the phenomenally talented Kat Perkins, and get the phat dollars that come from signing an artist.  I can't do that if she's locked into a contract with Universal, and I know she's going to be profitable.  As her coach, I"m going to throw her a curveball.  I'm going to have her sing something that I don't think is going to go over with the voting public.  Now, she's voted off the island, and here I come with a shoulder to cry on, and a record deal.  This record deal is fatter than the one she would have gotten with Universal, since I don't pay for advertising or a show on TV.  Now I make my fat salary for being on the show, I sign a phenomenal artist and make their life a hell of a lot better, and the general public thinks they really decide who gets to make it big.  Win-Win-Win.
1	Sorry but that is highly highly incorrect (unless Doublelift, or other ADs use attack move differently then me) Yes that can happen and might have happened (didnt watch it) but is that a bad thing?   I assume that this happened, what did Doublelift do? He a clicked - and missed so instead of running at the place (which he also would have missed with rightclick) he attacked the wrong thing -so the difference is: he messed up 2 attacks instead of insta dieing. That seems like a decent trade for me
1	Think of ranked as a normal match. Have fun, it's just a game. My first ranked I got all serious and stuff and then I managed to throw it hard because I got nervous. Just relax and play as if you were playing with friends and what not.   Also -- DO NOT DUO WITH RANDOMS.  This is really important to all people starting ranked. You think someone does good one game and then inv them and team up and then they are just horribad next game. It's not always their fault but I would suggest only doing ranked with duo if you have had practice/synergy.
