1	CLG used to be an amazing team, they still are. The problem, I feel, is that there are a lot of other amazing teams around them; so now we don't see CLG decimating the competition like they used to. If you were to put CLG against a 2nd tier team in any region, CLG would probably win decisively.
1	Oh and a drophack makes everyone in the game drop and the game cease to exist. Not just one person. So unless you REALLY THINK that somebody on the other team just saw your name and went, fuck this kid, and bought your IP data online so they could then DDOS you. It was something on your end.  (and if you were DDOS'd then everything having to do with your IP, so ANYTHING to do with your internet, should have also been down.)
0	the bookstore doesnt screw you- it's your professors and the publishers. Publishers "sell" the costly textbooks to the professor, who adopts it for his class. The Publishers sales rep is careful to say to the professor "Make sure you request this version of this book-only".   That version will be the one with a useless CD, or an online access code, thereby making used copies of the actual book meaningless.   For adopting the book, the professor gets tests based on the book, companion websites, overheads, and more, so the prof has to do little work. The bookstore actually makes more profit selling used books, with their biggest profit coming from clothing and other merchandise.  Textbooks take an enormous amount of time and energy for the bookstore, and add in the shipping costs of the monsters, and the bookstore barely breaks even!   Another thing: publishers make their money off of US students, try ordering overseas.
1	As far as the roaming counter jungler goes I am afraid its old news, the original roaming counter jungler was eve if I remember correctly, she would start smite/ignite and steal your blue and attempt to kill you straight after. It is pretty popular actually M5 recently did this but I can't remember when or who it was against, what I do remember was Gosupepper (m5's support player) took alistar it was assumed was a regular pick.   What M5 did was pure genious, with an urgot bot and a shyvana, (I think I am not 100% sure) they invaded the opposition's blue and gave it to urgot allowing him the capacity to 1v2 from there ali and shiv went around ganking and jungling and it pretty much gave them the win.   The real genius play was in my opinion to pick Ali, whilst other champs are suited to this role as a roaming counter jungler Ali has a few traits that make him especially suited for the job.     Inconspicous pick, you see an ali being picked up on a support player you assume he is going to support, and do not prepare for the counter jungling and roaming that is about to occur   High base damage on his spells.   Excellant ganking potential.   Is very strong even when underleveled this is important because he did drop behind in levels quite quickly which on someone like shaco would probably mean he would be too squishy and may often die while ganking.   Can himself jungle.     The other picks were of interest as well shyv has an ultra fast clear time meaning when she is partnered with ali they can blast through the jungle quickly. Urgot was a solid pick just because of the 1v2 and of course he got the early game blue. I don't remember the mid and top picks I am sure they had some synergy with the rest of the team they are just not essential for the strategy.   My favourite play was when Gosupepper went into the oppositions wraith camp flashed over the wall and headbutted the enemy's mid right into M5's which turned into a kill pretty fast.
0	People tell me I have great ambition.   Really I just think science is awesome and that things like living on the moon would be cool. It occurred to me that no-one is making any effort in that direction. I realised they need money. So I went about finding out how to make money. Found the most rewarding way for me to do that is set up a successful games company, which fortunately is cool and interesting anyway (and fuck yes it's already what I'm trained for as a day job). Currently waiting on a guy who knows some of the right people to get a pitch together so I can start something with potential for growth. All this because science is awesome and I want to contribute money to things like getting people to live on the moon. Plus I get to learn things!
0	It isn't? Why not? You can change parts in a Mac just as you would a PC. What you probably mean is either the old non-intel Macs and their issues OR that you cannot do the modifications yourself by just going to a store and buying a new hdd/ram/powersupply/whatever. Well, if you do your own "IT service," you void warranty in non-Apples too.   Mac machines can just as easily have their parts replaced, be formatted, or whatever else you do with a Windows machine. Now, if you do something not covered by warranty then yes, for some reason you pay more for a piece than you would for a PC. But the Macbooks don't get fixed by magic. :P   I think it's more about knowing you have paid a lot for something OR a typical Mac user caring more about appliances in general. Either you have a casual user who loves the way their electronics look or you have an engineer using Linux programs etc who wants their computer to work for a long time. I'm still not buying the "artists use Macs" thing though since my Mac actually works worse with my Wacom tablet than my PC. But I digress.
1	Mac was using a 3rd party company to port over LoL to Mac. They cancelled and stopped their mac port from working. ATM there is no native client for osx
0	Honestly, if the difference between "civil union" and "marriage" is just semantics, I really don't give a shit. I'll admit that I don't truly understand how "marriage" gives gay couples more legitimacy than "civil unions," but I'm straight so I haven't had fought that fight for my whole life.
0	Define ''standart''. Perhaps your ''standarts'' are different from others ''standarts''.
0	White Nationalism is officially just supposed to be meant as a national identity for white people, similar to black or Latin "pride".  In reality, most so-called nationalists are actually white supremacists.  So I can say something along the lines of "I find white nationalism disgusting" and not be met with any ire because most people are more concerned with the group's practical ideologies than their official ones.   This is more or less how I, and a lot of others, see modern day feminism.  Technically speaking Feminism is a great philosophy and, technically, I am a feminist.  However, if I were to judge the group by their practical philosophies rather than their official ones, I see no problem with upholding the opinion that (modern day) feminism is disgusting.
1	NOTHING in this game does give you an advantage when you put money into it   I have purchased all champs.   You have 10 champs.   I have a statistical advantage in terms of more options.
1	Gleeb isn't an obvious upgrade, but he's an upgrade, otherwise he wouldn't have been chosen.   That's circular logic, just because he's chosen doesn't mean he's necessarily an upgrade. It could be the case that Regi is wrong about Gleeb and he isn't an upgrade.   This conversation boils down the "potential" vs. the facts we do have available. Could Gleb's synergy with Wild make them amazing? Maybe. But we do know that Xpecial/Wild were already a top tier bot lane that only were rivaled by CLG and C9's bot lane and they rarely lost lane to them.   Could Gleb play the same initiation role that Xpecial did? Maybe, but Xpecial is a top 2 if not the top tier NA support last split.   Could others step in to fill those gaps? Maybe, but from what I've read, Amazing wasn't the shotcaller of Wolves and Xpecial had at least some influence in calls.   The
1	Her ult actually does require some skill to use. I remember a couple weeks back there was a thread for people asking mains of champions for tips on how to play certain champions and a lot of people asked how to play Kayle and I gave a lot of good tips in that thread. Her ult is not just press R on someone, you have to first determine who is fed on your team, who is most likely to be focused, etc. In team fights, depending on the positioning of your team, you may have to ult a different person each team fight depending on who is where. Also, a lot of people think a good Kayle ult is when you ult someone who is low and about to die - but that's not good. A good Kayle ult is when you ult someone BEFORE they take a lot of burst damage that way they can get out of the fight with all of/most of their health remaining rather than end a team fight with no health and have to back. Also, she most definitely does not have single target burst anymore, she used to be able to two shot people but now she takes 5-6 shots even for squishies. Besides, she has LESS range than Vayne.
1	Yes, he has incredible awareness and understanding of the game, he manages to stay positive despite his personality no matter how the game is going and he is very good at coordinating his own team (granted, this probably only works this well with him because he's "famous"), he usually stays relevant in the game even when he loses lane and manages to attract jungle pressure, he's not a perfect player, he makes mistakes and doesn't always win lane but despite his attitude he's usually very humble about his mistakes.
1	Plat is hell.   This said, I try to barely read the chat when playing. If I see someone playing in a way I like, I say it and go for some jokes and have some friendly exchanges. If it goes toxic or even slightly negative: I mute.   I'm not here to ear your rant, I'm here to play a game and enjoy my time.   So my advice for next time: don't defend the midlaner in the chat, he's playing league, he's plat, he messed up his skillshots and he doesn't give a damn about what your adc is saying. Let this adc talking alone and mute him. Ignoring is the best way to show someone how little you care.   And as a short story to back-up this: didn't you have this last-pick troll who don't want to support and when it comes his turn he blatantly pick Tryndamere? Then Teemo, then Singed. If anyone in the lobby says anything about: "OMG OMG OMG, nonono Trynd supp PLZZZ" this guy will lock. The best way is to stay mute, let the guy look at himself and how nobody cares if he's trolling and you'll see him pick Leona in the last seconds.
0	Heh. I moved back to Central America for a few years, you know, to absorb the culture and learn Spanish and all that (was roughly 10 - 11 years old).   The teacher argued with me for 10 minutes, because she was absolutely, 100% adamant that the word "question" was, in fact, spelt with a " c ". She would not relent. " IT'S SPELT, 'CUESTION'! "   I proceeded to, very vulgarly, tell her off in fluent English, using a plethora of words that I knew she would not understand. She took me to the office and tried her damnedest to get my expelled. And attempted to coerce me in to translating what I'd said.   I took the week suspension for not doing so. She was promptly replaced with someone who  actually  went to a North American university to study English.
1	I think so far literally any champion that has received a visual upgrade did  not  see changes for their other skins. (Correct me if I'm wrong.) However, I have heard talk of them updating the other skins for trundle and possibly a few others, as the change after his visual upgrade was significant enough to do so.   However, these were cases of  visual  upgrades. A lot of champions over the years have received an updated classic splash art, and this has literally never meant for any change to their other skins.
0	This is a good point though, there is a huge difference between the two types of people.   EDIT: For all the people who say this is racist, its really not. I've been close friends with 'african americans' (I put quotes because even my friends agree that just plain 'black' works better) for the majority of my life, and I wouldn't have it any other way. But there is a huge difference between black people and N-----s, whereas the difference between being black and being, say, asian, is the color of your skin, and the difference between being a normal person and being a N----- is that the latter has a much less friendly personality and usually causes problems in social situations. I've met many people who can qualify to be considered a N----- who aren't even black.
0	I wish this could be the case, but if they kept the names private, it would be much harder for police and prosecution to find any witnesses. Many cases that involve sexual harassment (i.e. Jerry Sandusky) have a few witnesses that would not have come forward if the name had been kept private. It's kind of a necessary evil IMHO.  That being said , the media does a shit job of reporting things like this because they show most of the negatives about the person accused, and usually when the charges are dropped, they stop covering the story or don't really make as big of a deal of it.
1	The article was garbage because every adult..."   The word "adult". It does not correspond to 80% of our community here, while it is also an exaggeration to claim every adult here knows what such a contract has in a novel industry like Esports. The issues pointed out in the article have been debated on this subreddit for years now and there were many many misconceptions about it, even from players and owners in recent months. The amount of fines issued this year is a good indicator people who have a contract with the LCS and Riot do not understand it,  yet you claim "everybody knows it and that is why it is stupid".   When did they write something that promoted Esports? That weekly show with 30k viewers with pro players,owners and analysts as guest is a good start. Statistical analysis of every team at worlds is also one. Truthful reports about rosters swaps?   I think the problem with you and people that think the way you do is that you can not handle opinions from people with more authority and legitimacy than you. This is why most companies like Riot remain absolutely objective and have casters that do not voice anything negative about certain aspects of the game and the community. This is also the reason why Nick Allen exists. To give people a vent, someone to blame for Riot decisions that may be questionable, though in hindsight logical.   And maybe just maybe if "I dont read or view their garbage" you are not competent to talk about their work. I can see you completell disregarded everything good they did for the community, which truth be told is probably greater than what this whole subreddit has done combined in the last few years.
0	Stands behind the squat rack saying "Yeah that's nice... You're killing it! Push it! WOW!"
1	It does not get better, the nature of this game makes people angry and act irrationally. The fact that you have to rely on 4 other people in order to win brings out the worst in people. Combine that with internet anonymity, and you get a pretty toxic community. Of course there are a lot of nice people playing the game, but the ones who shout the loudest tend to be the ones who get the most attention.   There is the tribunal and the Riot team to deal with reports. Unless you actually did something wrong, do not worry about people threatening to report you, you cannot be banned for having a bad game.
1	I know this will probably get buried or down voted, but here it goes.   This was going to be my first eSports event. I had saved up for about 2 years to go to an event with my dad. Finally when IPL6 had announced its date, i knew that was the one. Got hotel reservations and plane tickets at a decent cost for me and my dad. This was going to be amazing for both of us. When i heard about the possible cancellation of the event i started getting really nervous and started reading everything on it, and when it got canceled my heart broke. I'm not old enough to really participate in everything vegas has to offer and I'm not really all for the sun aspect of vegas either. My hotel couldn't refund full price, and i couldn't get the flight tickets taken care of either. At least i'm getting money back from the GA tickets, but still, i wish i could have experienced this event....
0	I would hope that you have a conversation rather than a consequence.  See what's going on.   Did they get that from a friend or buy it from a store?   That creates a real opportunity to talk about sex (note, I'm under the impression that we're talking about teenagers here).  Is the discussion comfortable?  No, probably not, but if a time to tell them the basics:   Condoms need a little practice.   You can actually get someone pregnant and get a sexually transmitted infection (used to be called an STD now known as STI) by trying to put it on, realizing it's upside down and flipping it after it's been on the tip of the penis.   That one second might have picked up some pre-cum which can be enough for problems.  Encourage them to practice this in their own space, privately in order to better understand the mechanics.   Condom amnesty.   If the teen is going forward, I would rather be part of the proactive discussion  than paying child support for a child that they weren't ready for.    Make them aware of how to get them (drug store, local health clinic, etc.)   Condoms break down.   If you're going to be active, make sure that YOU buy them so that you know what fits you best and works as it should.   As unpleasant as it is to imagine your kid growing up too fast, it's better to be part of the discussion rather than being left out of the loop.  If they know that you're going to freak out, sneaking around you will follow.   As a parent with a teenager, I dread the day when it becomes obvious that he's gone into the crazy hormone and experimentation phase.   Do I want him to become intimate with someone?  Hell no!  The reality is that I can at least give all the information ahead of time and make him aware of the resources that will help.
1	Awesome work, I hate to sound like a douche but here it goes; do you think you could clear it up around the edges? I'm thinking about making a patch out of this :D   Also, I think that would make a good background design- Different champs in this style tiled to fill the page.
1	Your autos stretch out to nearby creeps and each grant 1 stack of your W. You can have 1 W passive proc every other auto if you wanted.   Runaan's Caitlyn is also funny, but not great. You can have 1 headshot every other attack if you attack from brush though, but it still helps you proc on-hits.   The downside in both these interactions is the bonus damage from Kennen's W/Cait's innate don't spread; only the base damage spreads to the other targets.
0	I used to wait tables. While this should be obvious to anyone who has done this sort of work, I knew a  lot  of people of who did drugs, mostly smoking weed.   I, myself, enjoyed the sensation I felt after smoking a bit of this stuff myself. So, too, did my roommates. Generally, we threw in on a bag here and there.   I've always been a bit good at math. I realized that if I purchased in larger quantities than I would not only receive a discount, but I would be able to sell 3/4 of it and it would be like getting the last 1/4 for free. At this point, I would purchase about a QP (quarter pound) at a time.   Soon, I carried the math a bit further. If I purchased even more of the sticky icky, I would not only receive an even larger "wholesale discount", but I would also profit. I sold to my coworkers discretely and made more from weed than from actually working.   One of my roommates had a sudden craving, for pizza. Also for cocaine. My supplier  also  supplied that! This would be even  more  money for me! So I started dealing that, too. Math, you know?   I only made it snow for my roommates and one of my coworkers, a jubilant large gay black male. And by jubilant, I meant happy. But I meant something entirely different by gay, as he liked to fuck other men in the butt.   Hey, to each their own, this dude was nice as fuck and cool as hell. Or maybe nice as hell and cool as fuck? I'm not sure, it doesn't matter, he was a bro and he gave me money for rock, not cock.   One night I rode home with him (we were later going to my house for a party, carpooling was just more good math). I broke him off a bit, made $50. He also asked me to look at his computer, those darned popups. While I worked, he got ready for the party and did a couple of lines. I had the  best shit , yo.   The next thing you know, I find out that black guys really do have huge members, as his is about 8 inches from my face. He asked me if I'd like to get comfortable, too. I politely declined and asked him to get dressed, or otherwise hide the rather large serpent that was staring at me like I was a two dimensional dinner.   He was offended, and moved the piece in for a "kiss", at which point I gave him a hand job. Well, I punched him in the balls, close enough.   He seemed to lose the mood at that point, at which point I took his car and went home. Totally left him out of the party that night.
1	As a Twitch player, Twitch is nothing more than a product of the Meta right now.   You ask why he was less popular for a while? It's not the new model. Twitch was insanely popular in the 2013 Summer Split, but you did not nerf him out of popularity, the reason he faded was due to meta shifts.   First and foremost, twitch's largest weaknesses are high burst that he can't stealth away from, and enemy champions with quick harass patterns that can get in, do damage and get out before twitch can stack his poison and Contaminate for massive damage. Near the end of the summer split, the assassin mid lane became very popular. While bad news for many ADCs, Twitch was one of the most affected, as he relies on his 850 range in teamfights to survive, and Ahri and Zed could close that distance instantly. Twitch was suddenly a lot less powerful.   Then, the Trinity Force rework happened. Suddenly burst ADCs like Corki and Lucian were not just viable but top-tier, and twitch's biggest weakness, early game burst lanes, became the standard bot lane. About this time, the high-burst Annie support also rose in popularity. After Corki got nerfed, the bot lane meta shifted to Sivir/Jinx/and/Lucian ADCs and Thresh/Leona/Annie supports. Bot had become a deathlane that Twitch was not suited for. About this time the tanky rushdown top meta was in full swing. This meta was bad for any ADC without an escape or movespeed steroid, Twitch among them.   Twitch does not thrive in this environment at all, and became one of the least picked ADCs at the time (barring Quinn and Urgot), sitting next to Miss Fortune and Kog'Maw in terms of popularity. (Also big 2013 champs that got ousted due to the meta.) But meta is change. No meta lasts forever, and with the season 4 changes to snowballing, assassin mids fell out of flavor and building for late game suddenly became more preferable. This put carries back in the top lane instead of Mundo and Shyvana.   Another unexpected thing happened about that time too. Morgana took to support, weakening the bot lane all-in lanes, and Lulu and Soraka became popular in solo lanes, giving Twitch his much needed peel late game. This allows Twitch to operate at full capacity.
0	Gddammit, I hope you read this because I mean well, care a lot for some reason, and am up late so feel like writing something with some meaning.  Won't tell you what to do because that's not my place but "destroying the dream" just obviously sounds unpleasant/shitty because it very likely is.  I spend much of my days reading all that I can about how people make decisions, go through life and assign emotions to certain things they're experiencing.  Ruining the image of your best friend, or the fantasy of that old relationship returning even, seems to me as something that may indeed work, but only because it inhibits or kills an important part of you and more obviously your life history.  If anyone thinks you can just fuck with your own mind in such a front-end superficial way, they might be kidding themselves.  You will ALWAYS remember him fondly until Alzheimer's maybe gets your ass later in life :P.  All I know is I don't want to tarnish the thought of my best friend and actually feeling myself...and not all relationships end on bad terms, you might be remembering the time fondly because it really was great and just came to an end.  As well, consider that the bad things you remember about someone (which some commentors are saying you should boost in your mind :/ ) might have only been the honest mistakes of someone just as wildly confused as yourself in life struggling to feel true love.  Gddammit, (lol username) if you have so much time as you say, maybe think about using this motivation you're feeling (you did work up the courage to post online) to really find yourself...blahblah.  That's not some bullshit sentence though.  I know you can realize that the pain and your situation is most simply put, "fucked up."  Most confession bear situations are xD.  No clear answers available and what questions could even be asked? Do i leave? Do i stay? When I ask myself those questions in a relationship it basically feels like I'm answering blindly using the words of every hollywood rom-com I've ever seen and not my own.  That's why giving direct advice even can seem dangerous in my opinion.  But try something of your own tomorrow, this week, whenever if you don't truly do this...  Get yourself some free time and try hard to stop trying so hard.  Somehow figure out how to quit freaking out bout your bills, job, relationship, health, whatever for 20 damn minutes and just open your eyes, leave your computer and phone in the other room and chill out.  Ponder whatever you want to ponder, just be careful not to ruin the experience by feeling unnecessarily anxious or thinking what you're doing is stupid or only my idea.  You customize it and remember most importantly that you have free alone time right now and have no real responsibilities.  If you can really just figure out what your own thoughts truly are (because no outside sources are going to help you as much as you can yourself IMHO, and you'll know when you're kidding yourself) you might realize that you can handle your own problems with much more power, assertiveness, and decisiveness.
1	Hmm would we like it, YES BUT- I think humble bundles really take advantage of the whole thing. They even show you the stats of the avg payment and its always like 1$ for a boat load of stuff
1	Being a Curse fan, I will be extremely disappointed if they do not perform to the levels required to qualify for the Championship Series. From a strategic standpoint they have the tools to make it there they just have to suck it up and be men about it, Saintvicious needs to be more accountable for the things he does wrong, and Cop is going to have to try to vie for a bigger role within the team. If Cop can play like he did during MLG Prizefights last week and the team plays like they normally do, Curse becomes an unstoppable force.
0	Truth is, you are completely replaceable. If you didn't do it, someone else would, and the results would be exactly the same. Can't say the same about teachers or the other careers listed above.   Actually, its the other way around.   Think about it for a second, how many other professions have substitues?   When I was in high school, one of the teachers died of a heart attack,  the very next day or two after some counseling for the students,  there was a substitute teacher there who took over the class and was using the old teachers lesson plan.  they wound up hiring the guy permanently.
0	Define "adult". 18 years working minimum wage is pretty normal. Are you referring by default to people who are 40 years or older? And, are you waving a blind eye to relatively highly educated people who take positions in full time minimum wage as means of getting by as they can't find employers? In which case, it's not necessarily their fault.   Footnote: If you say, "It's their fault for choosing to get an education in  insert commonly insulted degree here ," then you are part of the problem for trying to tell someone not to invest further in a passion of their choice that makes them an educated person.   I'm rambling, so the
1	I got chat restricted for 150 games after a 15 day ban, and now I barely talk in game and never flame (I'm still chat restricted) because I really want to stop being toxic, but sometimes after a really bad game when I lost lane/fed unintentionally I get the pop-out warning of "negative attitude". It's stupid because I feel that even if I try to be nice and improve I'll still be reported and there is nothing I can do against people that report because they are mad they lost the game, and since I already have a really bad "reputation" any report obviously counts 10x.
0	American here.   It's not. It's honestly the least important thing to most intelligent people that reside here. The problem is loser and slackers who use the race card as a shitty shortcut out.   In this case it was definitely spurred on by the media trying to divert attention from the fact that the NSA is spying on every god damn person in the world.   I mean come on. I know neither of these shit bags and I could care less what happens to them one way or the other, regardless of color. Things like this happen everyday. This one should be no more important. Let's keep our minds focused on the real problem at hand.
1	The majority of the hate that I see towards this thread is people complaining about how it would "spoon feed" new players or whatever, or how it would make it too easy. Well stop complaining about that, this would be a WONDERFUL addition to the game. It would be a great help to new players and good practice even for older players if need be. Don't complain about the idea just because you didn't have this idea around when you first started. This idea, in my opinion, would significantly boost the play of many of the new players, and would be fantastic to implement. Plus he did say "Co-op vs AI" meaning although it teaches you to last hit easier, it still would require learning to transition it to real pvp. I support this idea.
0	I am sorry, but you are simply incorrect.  Lets compare say, a higher-end 15 inch laptop, it is what I have and i think it is the most versatile for a laptop that would be a primary computing device for example, in college.   lets compare these two   the Macbook pro base price without the retina display is  $1,799.00  *(mac's cheapest 15 inch, if you want that flashy glossy retina display, its gonna run you 2,199)     processor: 2.3GHz Quad-core Intel Core i7,   graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GT 650M with 512MB GDDR5 memory   4gb ram   500GB Serial ATA Drive @ 5400 rpm HDD   1,440-by-900-pixel LED-backlit, glossy display   And that is all the specs we can learn about this from apple's website.       Source: (   the Lenovo highest end 15 inch laptop is the W series, its base price is  $1,231.12     Intel Core i7-3630QM Processor (6M Cache, up to 3.40 GHz)  (it is technically faster than mac's by 1.1GHz)   NVIDIA Quadro K1000M Graphics with  2GB  DDR3 Memory  (that is much more powerful than mac's)   8GB ram  (yep double mac's, you can get this in your macbook, but its going to run you an extra $100)   320GB Hard Disk Drive, 7200rpm  (this has less space than the standard mac, but it can be upraded to 500GB for only $40, also these have an extra 1800rpms so they are faster)   15.6" HD+ (1600 x 900) LED Backlit AntiGlare Display, Mobile Broadband Ready  (you can upgrady your macbook to an "anti-glare display" for an extra $100, but the mac is already expensive enough at over $500 more)     Source:
0	When I was still in school, I remember I lent several people my video games. For instance, when I was in elementary school my "best friend" borrowed my copy of The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past that also came with The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords.   When I went to high school, I remember this guy (I suspected his parents neglected him or he was poor because his clothes looked worn out and he had some serious B.O.) borrowed my copy of Kingdom Hearts 2. I asked him about my Kingdom Hearts 2 game several times and every time he said he was going to bring it but he never did.   So now I know to only let people that I absolutely trust borrow my stuff and if I don't trust them, that's their problem.
0	I disagree with the notion that it is morally wrong. I would do the same. In the past, people would just leave their babies out in the wilderness to die if there were imperfections,  whereas  an abortion spares the fetus any suffering.  It's a tough world out there, and it's increasingly difficult to raise a child, let alone one with severe disabilities.  I have a deep respect for anyone who is willing to bring a child into this world knowing they're disabled, but I don't see why people should give others a hard time for choosing not to, aside from the usual pro-life people.   In before huge debate about whether or not a fetus is considered a full-fledged person.   Edit:  I shouldn't have expected better, but some of the logic in the counter responses I'm getting is seriously flawed, and I'm not going to respond to every Tom, Dick, and Harry in high school who thinks they can easily parent a child, let alone one with serious disabilities.  This isn't a pro-life, pro-choice debate.  In no way did I suggest that it is acceptable to throw babies away.  My anecdote about the wilderness was made as an attempt to  contrast  the difference between an abortion and simply dumping some baby in a trashcan, something that I don't think I would need to explain to anyone in the US at least, because the law clearly sees the two things differently.   Secondly, this isn't a discussion about eugenics.   I'm not advocating abortion for just any kind of genetic imperfection.  [If I had a kid who I knew would grow up to be ugly, dumb, and on Reddit all the time posting illogical counter-arguments to matters they didn't fully think through, I'd still love him the same way I'm sure most of your parents still love you guys. ;)](   Read all the responses in my thread of people who have actually lived, worked, and cared for disabled people in their lives.  It's not easy work, and this is exactly what my original comment was referring to.
0	For example, would you say that regulating who can or can't get married, as well as overregulation of abortions, including the mandating of invasive procedures designed to talk the woman out of it, qualifies as small government?   Marriage  I do not think that the government has any business involving itself in marriage at all whatsoever.  We all have our own opinions on what constitutes "marriage," and the entire debate is purely definitional.  Government regulation of marriage constitutes a breach of the privacy of the individual.  In an ideal world, the government would only provide for the common defense and social welfare as suggested by the Constitution.  However, once the government grapples onto a societal tradition like marriage, it tends to latch on and refuse to let go.  This being said, I do not think that every lewd sexual fetish should be indoctrinated into the law.  This includes incest, polygamy, llama marriage, and yes - gay marriage.   Abortion  What would you say constitutes "overregulation," exactly?  Roe V. Wade actually imposed more regulation on abortion than anything that the "right-wingers" have ever done.  Prior to Roe V. Wade, abortions were restricted to those who faced health risks that resulted from the pregnancy.  There's still the issue that a large segment of the population has moral scruples with shanking babies with pincers before they have a chance to come out of the oven.   >What about having a large defense complex that includes a permanent standing army and all the bureaucracy necessary for the upkeep thereof?   War  As I maintained earlier, one of the few purposes of the government is to provide for the common defense.  If an invading population were to storm the area, enslave us all, kill our children, and pillage our wealth, we probably wouldn't be very happy.  Maintaining a strong army is a pillar of the constitution and is in our best interest.   The problem is, the current military thinks that it is entitled to initiate unconstitutional wars that have not been authorized by congress.  This can be blamed on the military-industrial complex as well as a few hidden motives that no one really knows about.  (/r/politics screams oil, but there's probably more to it than that.)   >it's not quite fair to say that all leftists support large government   The political spectrum  Of course I'm making a generalization when I say that leftists support large government.  However, most [political spectrum graphs]( tend to agree with my generalization.   Hope this clears things up.
1	I find it quite funny that I ALLWAYS end up with atleast 2 other guys on my team who are going emo if they dont get to play support - and then dont buy wards , steal CS, no oracles, dont time anything - when I start out by saying my best role is support. I end up playing AD carry - and im the worlds worst lasthitter.
0	Cart pusher on a throwaway here: upvote this guy!   I work at a Walmart where customers are notorious for not returning their carts. I don't mind at all, half of us would be laid off if the majority of people returned their carts. You can even put your cart on its side so it doesn't roll away if you want to. I do have workmates who complain about this but IMO they're just too stupid to see how our store employs more cart-pushers than most other Walmarts in the country.   Tossing your wrappers and other junk on the floor, yeah that's disrespectful. It makes a public place dirty, that's not cool. And even if someone's paid to pick up the mess on the floor, it's hard and debilitating to pick up every single piece of candy wrapper on the sidewalk. Gathering carts and pushing them? It's easy to make sure I get them all. It requires physical effort but it's not exactly mind-numbing. If it saves you time or effort to leave your cart beside your car then please do it! I'm happy to be paid to take care of it! As far as I'm concerned getting your cart for you is on par to a waiter bringing your food to the table. Absolutely not rude to let me do it.   The things you should not do with carts however: don't go out of your way to make my job harder (like pushing your cart to the far corner of the parking lot just so I'll have to walk there) cause that is a dick thing to do; and if the parking is nearly full, it's nice if you take care of your cart - I don't care personally but it's nice to other customers looking for a parking spot.
0	Storytime- I went to a LARP event recently, where I dressed up as an orc and hit people with foam swords. It was -10 and I'd been camping, so I'd been sleeping in my thermals but not my bra. I'm not a morning person, and it turns out that 3 layers of thermal vests is quite supportive. I only realised I was bra-less when I was being fitted for my breastplate.
1	To be quite honest, it's pretty sad that we have to attack people over stupid things like a VIDEO GAME. There are how many other things we can do other than play League of Legends 24 hours a day, and yet people feel so entitled to this FREE game (which, yes, a lot of us have put money into, but still, we didn't have to), that we constantly demand reparations for a wrong-doing against us. We sound like we're back in the 1960's fighting for Civil Rights.   A lot of us have known for months now that for some unknown reason, every time Riot patches this game, bad shit happens. It happens every time, never fails. Is this a problem? Yea, more than likely this shouldn't happen at all (especially when we have an active beta that tries to fix these issues BEFORE the patch goes live), and Riot should really look into this more often. But still, people act like this game should be 100% working, 100% of the time, and it just can't happen. Sure, it shouldn't be as broken as it is, but if it is, WORK AROUND THE PROBLEM.   People are complaining that their favorite champion is broken. Guess what? There's 95 others just waiting for you to learn their mechanics! Sure you may not be doing exactly what you want, but you're still playing the game, and that's better than nothing. As for compensation, if you're expecting it, you may as well just bitch to your hearts content, because no amount of talk the other way will ever change you. You can't expect anything from a business, ever. They're in it to make money, and, as said before, most other companies will NEVER take the steps Riot does. When Diablo 3 was essentially down and unplayable, did Blizzard do a damn thing for you? As far as I saw, no, they didn't. Riot doesn't HAVE to give you anything. They're already giving you a FREE product to enjoy. Blizzard made you pay 60 dollars, and didn't even consider compensating you for their server issues.
1	Here's my take on Sion - I put it in that thread as well. I'd love some feedback!   I've always felt like the execution of Sion's lore is where he falls most flat. The human battering ram is more like the human minigun - he's incredibly slow and pointless at all times until you begin firing off with his ult, then he can mow down absolutely anyone in a matter of seconds with no danger. Battering rams have a very long wind up time, with a satisfying, incredibly strong, single strike as a payoff. The revived, feels-no-pain battering ram should have a similar feeling to that, as opposed to the light-strikes speed based attacker we have now.   As such, I think Sion should remain AD, and any AP ratios mixed into his kit should be a result of the magic that reanimated him, not anything that he is actively doing himself. He should fit the undead battering ram theme much more closely, with powerful blows that take a while to fire off. He should also have moves that actively put him in danger to reflect his reckless nature. These are the ideas I came up with:     His stun needs to stay, but does not need to be magic based. I believe it should reflect the way a battering ram can slam through hard objects and should have him gradually increasing his speed in a straight line, charging toward the opponent. The first opponent he impacts should be carried with him to the end point of the charge and stunned for the duration of the move. Either that or the first person impacted is blown backward. The amount of distance travelled in either case would depend on how much speed he had built up by the time he impacted. This move's damage would scale with AD.     His shield is problematic, as while it allows him to charge front lines as he would thematically, it does so by disregarding his reckless nature. I believe it should be based off of his health, and should also be based around his love of battle. Something that scales with the number of nearby enemy champions would make this a viable move in-lane, but not overpowered, while scaling very well into teamfights in the late game. Since it scales off of %health in strength, it can also have an AP ratio that deals a type of burn damage as long as the shield is up, although that idea is not fully formed yet.     His health scaling + extra damage + self-damage, are currently the most interesting part of his kit to me. The self-damage in order to deal extra damage are currently the most thematically representative part of his kit. Keeping this similar to what it already is would be best, but in order to preserve his hybrid nature, make the extra damage he deals scale with AP and deal magic damage on hit. The explanation for this can be that his bloodlust became personified with the magic used to revive him, and now whenever he feels particularly strong bloodlust, he actually feeds off the health of the enemies he slays. Keep the health scaling essentially what it is.     His ult needs to be scrapped entirely, except for the auto-attack enhancing portion. It makes no sense. Battering rams do not 'swish', nor do they attack incredibly fast. They do not heal in an AOE, they create devastating impacts and destroy things in their area. As such, his ult needs to focus on making those devastating impacts feel truly terrifying. The concept I have reduces his attack speed by a set percentage, but increases the damage dealt by each blow dramatically. Each blow also slows the person being hit, and deals AOE damage around the center of the blow. People near the center who aren't the target are pushed away each blow.       His passive should incorporate a type of tenacity. I'm not completely sure how that would be balanced, but his presence needs to constantly be looming and threatening. Even though he is slow, he's constantly moving toward you and is always a threat.   I realize my conception of his stun is similar to Hecarim's Devastating Charge in the second instance, although the distance the person would be blown back is much greater and is meant to be used more as a position changer than an engage. My conception of him hopefully preserves both AD and AP play, and also allows counterplay. It also allows for him to scale well with movement speed and attack speed, while still being stopped by hard CC, as his stun move is not a dash, but is instead a movement speed modifier. This way, if you can stop him from getting into position to deliver his devastating blows, then he will be much less dangerous, but still a force to be reckoned with, and never something that can be completely ignored. If he doesn't get time to draw back and power up like a real battering ram, he'll be a kitty cat.   As far as aesthetics go - he needs to be a hulk. He needs to be absolutely massive for a human, as I highly doubt Noxus of all places would have revived him without adding a few augments of their own. I like the green coloration, although it needs to be updated, and I believe his axe should be blunt, perhaps made of stone. The sharp edge of the Chopper can come from magic, as specified in his kit above. Perhaps lop off one of his hands and replace it with the axe? Either it's a manifestation of his bloodlust or Noxus added it themselves. Everything about him should personify "heavy" - even champs such as Gragas feel relatively light when moving around. Sion needs to stomp, charge, and attack with heavy-handed, extreme, ungraceful power. Whatever move he uses that drains health from him needs to cause some sort of bleeding effect to happen on his model.   If his lore is to stay the same, he needs a scar on his neck, specifically, since he was beheaded. Perhaps his new joke or taunt could have something to do with him juggling his head around. Emphasize his undead nature by showing the wear and tear on him - I'm a fan of him being armorless, but with multiple weapons sticking out of his back. When he dies, he falls with a thud and his head rolls away.   I recognize that there are some weaknesses in this conception of him, and I would like feedback!
1	Irelia is one of the few toplaners who can match up with him and can put up a level fight in the right hands. But I wouldn't say she  counters  him and has a distinct advantage.   He can still just knock her back when she Bladesurges onto him (which is exactly why Jayce stomps Jax so hard), which nullifies the usefulness of Hiten Style, because, well, she can't stay on top of him to hit him once he does knock her back after she Bladesurges.   One tactic that anyone wanting to try to counter Jayce with Irelia should be aware of is (if they're new to Irelia and this isn't already obvious to them) to Bladesurge onto a minion right next to Jayce to last-hit it, and use that as if you Bladesurged onto him and immediately attack him. Save the Hiten Style for a second though, because he will knock you back. Then, immediately Bladesurge back onto him (because it refreshed last-hitting the minion), THEN pop Hiten Style and go for it while his knockback is on cooldown. The only thing that keeps this from being amazing is that, if he's not an idiot, the first attack should have him retreating towards his turret as soon as he knocks you back, because he should be aware that you still have Bladesurge at your disposal, and you won't have much time to get a lot of damage in before you're in turret range.   Basically , (yes I know the finer points are all different, but focusing on the main kit elements), the only differences kit vs kit between her and Jax against Jayce is the possibility for that tactic to use up his knockback and then re-Bladesurge on him, and her ult being a ranged poke to throw back at him and having lane sustain with her innate lifesteal to make up for his poke at her. Which is enough to level her against him, (certainly puts her in a better position than most other tops against him) but certainly not enough put her at a distinct advantage over him.   Yorick is the only true toplane who can just constantly throw shit at Jayce and out-harass him all day while also being able to punish him any time he wants to jump in on him.
1	season 4 will bring some pretty huge changes, so you should recheck then. they plan on changing warding and jungling. that having said, a lot of the things you identified have changed purely because people have changed and have adopted a different playstyle.     i think you misunderstand vision - the current vision system actually rewards early pushing too much because of the power of pink wards. In pro-games, early tower push is a common strat with vision control afterwards.   the jungle isnt, and will never be a 4th lane as laners can always farm it themselves. using dota terminology, junglers are a "4" position and always will be.   lane sustain is dead. all i have to say. lane sustain is even worse in dota actually.   whats wrong with tanky dps (bruisers) - dota has their fair share of strength carries which basically play like tanky dps. As to the underlying point, melee auto attack carries are not here yet, except for tryndamere and aatrox.   boring laning, perhaps symptomatic of pre-s1 skill level, but at higher elo, everybody loves fighting, and everybody loves playing aggressive in lane because "winning" your lane is apparently important to players   there is no smoke, but TP spell has been gaining popularity, junglers are basically gank machines now.   static meta is really a symptom of the game being young and everybody having learnt the 112 meta. At higher skill tier, most games are tri lanes in dota anyway. Competitive LoL has been 2v1 lanes + lane swapping or 112 lanes for more than a year now.
1	It's fine to keep playing if you can figure out what you did wrong. Sadly I think everyone tilts. I don't even think it's tilting but more pressure on you to carry. Like I'm pretty much Silver lining up against P5/G1 so I'm like ok this will be fun - Carry a couple games fine skip the entire Gold Promo and just get it at 100LP. Now I'm fucked - im like 10/1 but adc is like 1/6. Me being me I realize what's up and put focus on both top and bot but after 2 kills top shift on bot counterganking. I mean this kog pretty much got the hate on from the whole team xD So I come in nuke people let him kill his 6/7 we start to retaking Turrets. Than I just snipe their carry and free lvl13 baron. Looks like we finally got into this game and instead of starting to trust your team I just fuck up get greedy and out of position while the enemy is like: ok we just have to kill Ganker and we win. And that's what they did :(  Happened 3 in a row haha..
1	Thats hundreds of dollars some of the bigger streamers/players would be sacrificing by not streaming. Zion who had a big week last week and was named MVP streamed immediately after LCS and got a huge audience turnout, at one point around 8k viewers. The Coke series is getting a big audience, larger than what Riot expected as Nick Allen said earlier in the week -- so viewership isnt struggling.   I dont think it's fair to ask these players to not stream and thus make money. When they have their big moment and get a lot of attention they need capitalize off it for financial reasons AND to continue growing their own player fan base. Yes they do earn a salary from Riot but its not as much as people seem to think it is, their biggest earning potential is from streaming revenues.
1	Not raging and trying to make everyone have fun is all good and fine, but stuff like "just accept you won't ever get better, and don't try to improve" is stupid... No offense, but please don't play ranked if that is the mentality you play with... I know some people will probably say "Yeah well, it's just a game, it's only about having fun", well, maybe I like climbing the ladder? Maybe I like winning because of good plays and teamwork all around? It's not directly "fun", but that's not what I play ranked for... Like... The only reason why you would be stuck in Bronze is if you don't try to improve... I am Bronze 1 myself, but I haven't played much ranked until recently (got demoted from silver 5 because I didn't play for several months), but I have been climbing in points, and I plan to reach silver this season.
0	I knew this girl once. Her friends all called her "curvy". She was fat as shit, but still hot enough to fuck. I got drunk as shit one night and went over to her place. We boned and I stumbled home right after.   Got drunk with my mate one night and we talked about girls we'd fucked. Turns out he'd similar fucked/ditched this chubby princess. We've been bros ever since.
1	not quite (i think): assume:     there are 2 players, A with 4/1 win:loss rate and B with 3/2 win:loss rate.    i+-20lp for each game.         both start at 0lp        if they both play 5 games, A will have (on average) 60lp, and B will have 20lp.   If B then plays 15 more games (9 win/6 loss = +60lp), he will then be at 80lp. As long as your win rate is above 50%, you will on average always have a net gain in lp.   not 100% sure of this, so if i'm wrong can someone please correct my maths/lp knowledge! :)
1	I think your argument that flat armour penetration is good against high armour targets is a bit misleading.  While the numbers are correct you're drawing a questionable conclusion from them.   What you should look at is the formula for how much damage you do with armour, A, and penetration P (assuming no % pens or funky other sources of damage reduction):   damage increase = (100 + A)/(100 + (A-P))   This is why people say that flat armour penetration is good when the target is lightly armoured (that's part of the reason ad assassins like brutalizers). If you can perfectly counter their armour you get P % more damage - the numbers you quoted.   However, you claim   > It is also false that flat armor penetration gives decreasing returns, it is just as effective against high armor targets as it is against squishies   It  can  be true that you get the same percentage increase against a heavily armoured target and a squishy, but only if you have so much penetration that it's wasted on the squishy.
0	I'll bite, you mentioned "Yes we do," speaking on behalf of the female population, but to be honest if a guy has you back to his apartment the likelihood of an  intoxicated  woman stopping in her tracks due to a messy/sub par apartment is <5%? On the other hand women (generalization) who care about shaving their legs, matching panties, etc don't realize that if a guy is at a point to notice that certain things don't match or a little winter fur he (especially an intoxicated man) gives zero fucks about it at that point, or even 2 bases before that point.
0	Private  remarks that were made public clearly without his consent. Look, I hate to stand up for the guy but what he thinks and talks about with his girlfriend is his own fucking business. I'm sorry that it's such an unpopular opinion but I hate to see any person get fucked over for something they never expressed outside extremely personal relationships. So he's a fucking racist, how many other rich white  owners  think the exact same fucking thing as he does? Did you hear the full recording? He explains to his girlfriend that it's the culture he is part of; the culture of rich racist white guys who OWN teams of black men. I mean for christ sake should we investigate every fucking team owner now to check and see if they show any signs of racism? Might as well shut down the entire fucking NBA.
0	Okay. So this is a common occurrence. I've seen people say this [on reddit]( and out there in the world beyond our computer screens.     Oh new music is so terrible, how do people listen to this? There isn't anything new that's good.     Or something along those lines. Heck, people often express their desperation for new music across /r/Music: [1]( [2]( etc.   The truth is,  radio just doesn't cut it anymore . A consistently good radio channel is a rare find nowadays. Most of them cater to 'popular' demands, and so you'll end up listening to the same set of tracks, over and over.   No. What you really want is a steady flow of good new music.   So, listen up.     Are you interested in anything electronic? Ranging from smooth chillout, through solid house music even to pretty hard rave material or experimental music most can't make ends or tails of?     You'll want to check out [this excellent thread right here]( /u/Flstandantilus did a service to mankind in setting that one up.     Personal protip: **[Hypem]( Make a free account, like some songs you already know and like, and use the [Blog Recommender]( to make it figure out what blogs are best suited for you to follow.         Is rock more your thing? Alternative? Even indie?     **[Spotify's]( Related Artist tab, or Spotify Radio, are your best bets. Hypem is still pretty good too in this area, especially in indie alternative.     **[Pitchfork]( often finds absolute gems. They'll link you through to [Soundcloud]( most of the time, where you can also find a ton of great new music, often released directly by artists.         Pop? Anything else?     Google is your best friend here. Here's some [metal blogs]( [Pop blogs, even.](     Music is an ever-changing river, no, more like a gigantic torrent of new content. I am not the all-knowing idiot here, so if you have any suggestions, bring it on, let me absorb your knowledge.             Anyway, I hope that helps. Please don't be discouraged by the new and unfamiliar. If it weren't for the internet, I'd still be listening to the same old rock and pop radio channels play every day.
0	That's if you want to play their game and just want to hurt them.  I wouldn't do it, though I would be tempted.  The correct thing to do is to let them know that you know and that it is over.   You're still a human being and though you've been wronged, it is not your job or right to undermine another person's psyche.    The very thing that might have lead them to make such a selfish and immature decision as to cheat in the first place might partially be due to a lack of self esteem.   If you step back from the pain for a minute and realize that people are at different stages of spiritual growth and that we must help one another, you can bow out of this situation without lowering your own dignity at all.
1	Resident asshole here   If you ever saw my posts, you would usually see me trolling, being sarcastic, or a douchebag. But one side of me that not a lot of people know about, is that sometimes I do feel emotionless, depressed, empty, sad, lonely, and in general it leads to me viewing suicide as a smart decision. But of course, I do come to my senses.  There are some who don't, though.  People who tell others to kill themselves are just the lowest of the fucking low, who in my eyes lost their license to call themselves part of the human society.
1	Might be buried but I would argue with the DuoQ option. Me and my friend we were good and would always Duo, but we would barely or never move up in rank. edit:(but no good enough to carry)   One thing we noticed (we were mid silvers at the time) that DuoQ you are expected to carry and do good. However I feel that we have 3 potatoes on the team. However when you do soloQ you (assume you are good) you get a DuoQ usually, and they are 'better' most of the time (not carryable) but they usually aren't stupid. That leaves you having 2 possibly good people (the DuoQs) and you yourself. That leaves you having potentially 2 potatoes on your team.   So
1	Even if your decision making is top notch, you're not going to do well if your cs is crap, or if you can't push your buttons properly. It's definitely a mix of both knowledge and skill. What I find even more interesting is the discrepancy between junglers and other laners. If you look at someone like saint, who may not have the same level of mechanics as some of the 17 year olds, he more than compensates with his decision making and knowledge of the game.
1	I'm not sure, I think the top korean teams are still holding back a bit.  I think those teams know they don't have to give it their 100% to beat western teams so they just kind of coast along.   If you ask me, SSW and SSB are going to play on a completely next level when they play against each other.  And the winner of that will most likely go on to win Worlds in a COMPLETELY dominating fashion.
1	It's Evelynn because one of the clues is "assassin". This means the only ones that can be included are Xerath and Evelynn. The "six" clue could be involved in both of these because of the two both having SIX letters in their name. The "hide" clue is in favor of Eve though. Hide could be another word for stealth, meaning Eve would get the skin. Plus, Clue "J", could mean Jungler, which also supports Eve. Also, the "S" clue could also stand for Stealth, so another clue pointing at Eve getting the skin. Plus, Eve hasn't received a skin since October of 2010 (Xerath's last skin was in July of 2012), so most signs point to Eve getting the skin.   (P.S. I am not an Evelynn main, nor do I play any jungle at all.)   (P.P.S. For anyone that is curious enough, I like playing ADC/Support, see in:   (
0	OP: If you're dying to see it, just go by yourself. I just moved to a new town and don't know anybody here yet, so I did the same yesterday. Went to a 3:00 show, and the theatre wasn't even half full. Cheaper tickets than a night show, less people, didn't have to wait in line, and I got to see an awesome movie. I've never been to a movie theatre by myself, but it was actually pretty sweet, and there were quite a few other people around my age who went by themselves too.
1	After fact checking this article, i noticed that you didn't stop playing ranked, you continued you're rank progression on said smurf account and helped a fellow league player by duo queuing with him.  After 2 days of playing and streaming it, you helped him get to platinum, after winning 2 and losing 2 in his promotional series for platinum with an hour left to go in the season, you carried the team to victory with trick2g'esque jungle tactics as udyr.  Well done, a refreshing perspective on what the league community can and should be.
1	Actually I said that they are mana hungry if you're not careful, so spamming spells/trying to do multiple combos a lot, etc. I'm sure if you just scale back ability use and learn to last hit under a tower you should be fine.   Ya, Ryze does build mana, but it's not like there's a rule that says you can't with characters other than him. Try buying an early Catalyst or Tear if you're that worried about mana, sure you give up some damage but you have to cut corners somewhere. Actually an item I quite enjoy is Fiendish Codex as it gives AP's all the stats they really enjoy having and it's just slightly more than a Revolver.   Gragas' W doesn't restore that much mana(90 at level 5), and you only take one point in it early and max it last(so 30/cast). Sure it costs nothing, but you're also not getting a ton out of it. This can generally be worked around by casting far fewer spells and last hitting with auto attacks a lot more, but some players have a real hard time with this I find, and are especially timid with melee based casters.   Viktor eats mana if you spam E(laser) and so constant harass/lane pushing with it can leave you OOM quite quickly.   I understand that some champions take better advantage of Blue than others(obviously they will, they're all different), and some will need it more than others, but you have to adapt. If there isn't a Blue or Blue is weakened then change your style of play to fit the new restrictions. This applies to all champions; manage the resources at your disposal.   As for the Clarity thing, I play a lot of normals with friends and EVERY Lux I see takes Clarity, it's extremely discouraging as Riot has pretty much sad it's the "noob" summoner, which is supposed to augment the fact that you don't have access to 30 Mastery points and Mana regen runes. Some people just need to learn.
0	I have a friend who get insanely pissed off when she sees men out at the bar with wedding rings on. I mean, like irrationally pissed. She has no vested interest in their relationship status. I distinctly remember being at a bar on a Friday evening, around happy hour time, with her. A few guys came in, obviously out for happy hour after work. They sat down at the bar together, got a few beers and just shot the shit. Typical guy stuff, I'd assume. She saw them and started freaking out about how she thought it was disgusting when men went out in groups the cheat on their wives. They weren't talking to any women. They weren't looking at any women. They were a group of men having a few beers together. She would not calm down. I thought about going up to them and asking them to explain to her that they were not cheating on their wives. They were just out having beers. But, I didn't want to give any kind of validity to her insanity.
0	all of its individual features make me like windows 8. the problem comes with presentation and accessibility. it looks and feels like a mobile operating system. if they gutted the useless metro menu and added a proper start menu it would be perfect. don't even get me started on charms though. on a desk top they are beyond useless. at times i have even been hinderd by them when i go to click something and these "helpful little bastards pop up. this happens most when i am gaming and usually result in a death/loss.   A side note: i really like the idea of integrating all devises under one OS, which is the idea behind 8.
1	Look I just want to say to all you people out there with this "GG horrible organized tournament Riot" attitude, who in the hell are you? Riot does and did a great job. You wanna do better or think you can? Start your own shit. It ain't nearly as easy as it looks. It's real easy for a dillhole like you sit around and criticise everyone around you. Evidently the bounds of your uncouth know none because you choose Riot as your target? Honestly? GJ bros you've not only presented yourself as a giant asshole with nothing of value to bring but you've managed to accomplish informing about 10,000 people simultaneously that is the case. I suppose in that, there is some value, so I'll say thanks for the mass memo but all the same I'd rather if you feel the need to post inane bullshit to the world that you do so on another forum so you don't give people like me the inconvenience of having to wade through it to find an answer to a real question. Thanks.   Here I'll even provide YOU an convience;
1	Im looking from a toplane (1vs1) perspective here, and this will NOT make toplane more killhappy. Toplaners in lcs will not die 1vs1 no matter how many potions they have because they will know when to recall. It will unbalance a lot of toplane matchups, and it will be a huge buff to pokers like Teemo and Yorick.   The way toplane works right from a poker's perspective is you keep poking till they run out of pots, and you make sure the lane never gets pushed all the way to your own tower so they dont get a free b. Once they run out of potions you push them under their tower and you poke at them while they are lasthitting, so their health gets low. Than they are forced to back because they are at risk of a jungler diving them because they are low health and you deny a wave into their turret. You recall and you come back to lane with more xp than them, and you do the same thing over again.   Limiting potions will force toplaners to have build in sustain or to actually build sustain. It will increase the reward of the high risk playstyle of poke champions in toplane more. The counterplay to poke champions in toplane is jungler ganks and going all in with an xp advantage, so the counterplay will still exist. It will be harder to do though because the window in which you can stay in lane becomes smaller by limiting potions.
0	Yes, people lie, some better than others, but ultimately living your life suspicious and not trusting your spouse and torturing yourself with the unknown is no way to live   I never said place all your faith in her words, but you certainly shouldn't ignore everything she has to say, I literally said you should listen to what she says AS WELL AS other strange behavior   I'm not sure why you have to be so mad. You assume because of one slightly irregular event that OPs wife is dishonest and untrustworthy. You powers of perceptions are astounding.   This is supposed to be your life partner, if you can't put any trust in what this person says you shouldn't have married her in the first place
0	I went to school with a girl who refuses to vaccinate her children now because she lost her baby brother at a very young age. The full story behind just proves that this girl is an asshat though. Her baby brother died in a car accident on the way home from the pediatrician the day he got his second round of shots (4 months). She claims that him getting his vaccines was the ultimate cause of death instead of, you know, being hit by a fucking car and not being properly strapped into his car seat.
1	You can't get a good winrate on a champion with 90%+ bannrate.   So until about 7 months or so ago, I used to play LoL. In S2 I pretty much just played Ryze, so in S3 I wanted to pick up a diff champ. I wanted to pick up another unpopular mid champ.   I played Ryze upto Diamond 5, and then Kassadin upto Diamond 1. Kassadin and Ryze were never banned back then. Ever. They both always had 45-48% winrates. I followed this closely back then as they were practically the only champs I played.   They have both since come into popularity, and been nerfed, even though they have never been positive winrate in S3.
0	Who said spike lee is keeping the money that would otherwise go to big companies? If he gets a share I find this to be quite reasonable.. If i give a craftsmen money to make me a table... I expect him to keep it..
1	Favorite so far is Season 4, here's why:   as a Jungle main:   I'm not playing secondary-support in the late game   Really like the vision changes   REAALLYY like the Big Wraith camp addition, balancing the farming options on ganking routes   Trinkets are great   Smaller bushes are also a change that is extremely undervalued     I really like that rather than a new champions every two weeks, we get reworks of champions who are too outdated to ever be played   For competitive play, the game is so much more fun to watch now that a team can't win the game at level 1. I remember a time when I could watch the first 5 minutes of ANY game, and then say okay "95% chance this team is going to win in 20 minutes. We want to see even teams have multiple teamfights, it's more fun to play and to watch in this setup.   I think people really take for granted a lot of the changes that have come into the game over the years:   There was nothing at all fun about top Jarvans going 3 HoG and a Philo and then being ungankable, unkillable, and guaranteed to be huge by early late game.   There was nothing fun about the other jungler getting ahead of you, buying an oracle, and dominating the map vision for the next 45 minutes (Oracle used to last forever if you didn't die)  *There was nothing fun about supports being ward bitches, trinkets are an amazing addition.
0	Gelatin is a derivative of collagen. Collagen is a connective tissue in animals (and one of if not the most common protien in animals). Thus collagen is harvested from the bones and connective tissue of animals (most infamously the hoofs of horses/cows/pigs). Basically it comes from stuff you'd normally eat anyway with the exception of bone. However do to the economic properites of each of the body parts its typically harvested from bone, hooves, horns, and so forth. Additionally animal skins are a huge source of collagen.
1	OK, this is how imagine a perfect objective-focused game:        1st dragon   this first objective you should focus on is dragon. To make that possible the jungles needs to have a successful gank bot. If the jungler, support and adc are relatively healthy and can juggle dragons agro properly, look to take that.        Warding and bot tower    This is a great video on early warding by Krepo. . If it is successful, look to take the tower, push the lane and rotate mid/contest enemy buff if it is up.       Next you should focus on the mid tower. Remember to ward the jungle around it and enemy entrances to dragon. If you took the tower successfully, look to take the second dragon.        Top lane   well this usually goes 3 ways: enemy has already taken you tower, you have already taken enemy tower, toplane is equal and the towers are relatively healthy. To get this tower I would not advise sending a lot of people there. It is better to create pressure elsewhere, e.g. mid and make the enemy toplaner come to you. If you have less people try not to fight, just kite and poke if possible. Meanwhile your toplaner takes the top tower.        Inner turrets   If your pressure mid was successful take the mid inner tower. If not  focus on bot inner tower. If you can take it, take it and then look to take dragon. If you cant and the dragon is up  ward the enemy bot jungle and take the dragon. Here you usually have tofight for it, and if you successfully taken the dragon go for the inner mid/bot tower that has the most pushed minions and take the tower. I highly suggest taking inner bot tower, because after this point there will usually be a lot of teamfights/skirmishes and if they are successful look to ward baron/take buffs/take top inner tower.        Baron   taking a Baron heavily relies on having pressure on the bot inhibitor tower/inhibitor. Sending you toplaner/midlaner to splitpush bot while pressuring mid and baiting baron is one way. Other way is creating a slow push. To do that you have to make sure you have slightly more friendly minions that the enemy. If this does not work, look to teamfight around mid/bot and if healthy enough  go for Baron. If not so much  take an inhibitor tower/inhibitor (focus on bot over mid if possible). Also, take the dragon on the way back if possible.        Ending the game   if you have Baron, make sure all your lanes are pushing and siege mid and any other lane that has minions closest to enemy inhibitor. If you already took 2 inhibs, try to finish. If you cant  back and take the 3rd and finish.   This is very reliant on all teammates being on the same page and is more suitable for ranked 5s than soloQ. However, it is still possible if people play rather safe early and do not go for deep dives or fight with a disadvantage. Also make sure to refresh you wards, place them deeper each time you take a tower, clear enemy wards around dragon/baron and main warding sports in the jungle. Also, if you are ahead, try to contest as many enemy buffs as possible.
1	they WORKED for him, so they deserve a salary, it's that simple.   He wasn't doing anyone a favor. Play video games is what these people do for a living, so they need to get paid.   You are very naive, this guy intention was to get paid too (if his lol team got in LCS he would get a good amount of money from RIOT and sponsors) not help esports grow (even thought he might wanted this 2).
1	I dont think it is a sport, but that doesnt make it any less official or legit. Trying to push eSports as a sport is just going to alienate a huge number of diehard athletic sports fans, I think its a much better idea to just let eSports evolve naturally and let the massive viewerbase and prize  pools speak for themselves.   If we try to force it into classic sports channels like espn its just going to piss off a whole lot of people, while not really affecting the people who already watch it on their computers. Which is the wrong way to go about getting people to accept something that is already reasonably stigmatised.
1	Carry.   On other note, people doesnt appreciate what supports does, strong cvs and wards win games.  Also... people doesnt appreciate what jungler does, strong counter junglings win games.   All you will heard is : SORAKA HEAL ME GIEB ME MANA HURR NOOB SORAKA 0-2 WHATS THAT NEGATIVE SCORE LOL?   TRUNDLE WTF IS THIS SHIT, Y U NO GANKING, IM PUSHING HIM TO TOWER AND TOWERS KILL ME U JUST DONT COME TO KILL THIS NOOB THAT CANT FARM WITH MY OVEREXTENDING CAUSE IM GOOD!!!!1!!
0	I dont care if noone sees this, it's venting time, because this happened to me not two effin days ago as this Chrysler mistakes my indicator to merge right into the exit lane as an indicator to turn on douche-turbo and try and speed up to block me from coming in. But I have had enough experience with anus Cali drivers to know if I can safely make it, and it means they have to quickly slow down because they made the mistake of trying to speed up when they were far behind me, I'm not gonna quickly change my maneuver just to appease their douchey I wanna go fast driving. So he honked at me, wtvbro.gif, I felt good I didn't do anything to react to his supreme assholeness but there's just some people you see shittily driving, and you know they don't think they're doing anything wrong, so you just wanna pull them out of their car and start stomping on them till the green cash icons start floating around their corpses....
1	Fast question about Takedown, how can i estimate the damage i'll do my target ? I always feel like it's overkill when i use it... (Like i wait till my target has 300Hp (like 1/5th of their health) to use it because it' said i'll do 250~ so with armor reduction ... And in the end i end up doing 400hp damage or so, i went into messy situation because of this...
1	Statistically speaking, the word "Report" is among the most commonly used by toxic players.   However, it's used almost as frequently by non-toxic players in games alongside a toxic player.   It is not reportable to ask for others to report people who you believe are acting in a toxic manner.  It never should be, since the system heavily favors those who have multiple reports per game, and if you only troll 1 person per game once every so often, you get off scott free if no one else reports.   But harassing a player for poor play is always reportable.  And if the manner by which you choose to do so is to ask people to report them, then you should be banned.   Does that make sense?   As a better example, in a game yesterday, I said 3 separate times in chat to report my support.  The first time was when he refused to quit attacking creeps after being asked to (He was gold-Elo season 2.  He knew better and was doing it to troll me.  Since he was playing Thresh his q passive made it impossible for me to last-hit over him in lane).  The second time was at the end of the game when people were saying gg, I said "gg, Please report Thresh".  The third time was in the end-game screen.  My actions were not reportable.  His were.  That's about where the line occurs.  If I had asked to report him for the 3 times we lost trades because he had no clue what he was doing on Thresh, however, it would've been reportable.
1	I think i have a better idea. After someone leaves the leaver receives no gold and the remaining 4 players gain 3 gp/10 on top of the 13gp/10 base. As well as receiving a buff for the 4 players (similar to baron buff but toned down a lot). Until their 5th reconnects that is.   EDIT: Idea already posted, but there was no
0	You should find a good community gym in your area, one where the trainers are a big family and the whole environment is one big family.  I pay 70 bucks a month to go a gym like this, I'm very athletic I'm not overweight, but I do see overweight people there, some more severe than others.  No one will do anything you said above, a few reasons why is     the gym community will not accept it, especially the trainers.   the high membership fee weasels out the non dedicated and those that maybe intolerant of others.   everyone there has the same universal goal of being healthy, whether it be a beef cake lifting all the weights, a college kid training for track, a senior citizen trying to stay fit, parents, kids.
1	There are people getting warnings/time bans without any good reason in the tribunal. I'm not saying this dude did, because i have not seen his case.   This case is if you ask me not a reason to get a warning. (It's not me, just a random dude in LoL Norway - Facebook) When he wrote "Time to troll" it was a joke as trundle.  For the singed game. Ok, randoming a champ is not good, but sometimes we have accidents, and if it happens once in 500 games it isn't really that big of a deal, and you can clearly see that he did not AFK in the game. (As a jungler he is the highest lvl on his team.) And if you look his stats it looks like he clearly tried his best. Even in the chat he says close to the end that only he and ashe played, so 3 of his teammates was problably AFK at that point.
0	I remember in middle school I hand to go to summer school for reasons I will keep to my self. and I would have to take the bus home every time after it ended but the bus stop was a good 150~120 yards from teh school and the bus would come 10 min. after I got out so it would be a race to beet the bus to the bus stop ever day. So one day the class took a few minutes to long and the moment the class was let out I just made a sprint towards the door and out the school to the bus stop. I was within 50 yards of the bus stop and both of my shoes had come off when i was running so i was walking bare foot with the shoes in hand I turn around and the bus is speeding next to me my first thought   Well FUCK! . but as the bus passes I see the bus driver waving his hand as to say keep running your almost there and muster up the strength i have left and made one last sprint to the bus stop. he was already there with doors wide open I thanked him and was going to pay with my bus card but he just waved me off and gave me a free ride.BEST BUS DRIVER OF ALL TIME!
0	I didn't put this in my first comment merely because I knew it would be perceived wrong, but try to bear with me and think about it before you click the little down air to the left.   Every single joke ever made offends someone somewhere. Every. Single. One. It might seem petty of some people to be offended by some jokes, but there are those out there who would truly get upset at the most trivial of jokes. The way I  personally  see it, we need to realize this. We need to understand that our jokes will offend somebody out there. We need to realize that limiting ourselves to the demands of others limits our own creative mind. Therefore, we need to push past. We need to understand that we're offending somebody, and just get over it. If we don't do that, then we restrict ourselves from all forms of humor. If we tell ourselves that we can't tell jokes because others get upset, we lose laughter.   Now, we move into more offensive jokes. Jokes that have the potential to offend many people in large groups. What do we do then? Personally, I still enjoy saying fuck it. Some people really and truly need to learn to "get over it" when it comes to "offensive" humor. Yes, bad things happen. I understand that you've lost relatives, or have been mentally/physically tortured  by this, that, and another. But in order to evolve, we need to accept change. The concept of "too far" simply shows an unwillingness to break past that barrier.   "Too far" is only brought upon a group or individual when the joke offends  everyone . Usually, though, these individuals are regarded as idiots and/or mentally unstable folks, and are disregarded because nobody really wants to hear their opinion anyway. Just look at the Westboro Baptist Church. They offend everyone. Their "too far"(ness), however, is widely disregarded. Those instances that aren't met with disregard are met with backlash, and the offending group/individual usually suffers for it. Therefore, "too far" still doesn't really apply.   So to sum it up: we need to realize that we're offending someone. We need to decide (for ourselves) whether or not these jokes are appropriate for the time and place that they are being told. Some people will get offended, and that's okay. People just need to realize the humor in jokes and overcome their own misgivings.
1	Im getting real tired of butthurt big ego type of players. If you say stuff like, "Can you buy wards mid" "Stop roaming bot and take mid tower.." and  other legit pro tips. PPL will ask the other players to report you cause apparently its "toxic" and "flame".   everyone thinks they are so pro that if you try to teach them anything at all, they will consider it flame and report you, and make the other team report you aswell. This dosent just happen once in a while, but pretty damn often. I have no clue why ppl are so easily offended, in every sport, game whatever thats competetive, ppl are yelling at eachother, "flaming" and so on, its just how it works. If 1 guy is major fucking it up for others, he deserves to get flamed(Dont get me wrong, dying 1 time, is not what i mean) but some ppl will never ever listen to calls and do their own shit, resulting in the other 4 players losing, but noone will ever get banned for this. Cause apperently saying "Can you listen to the fucking calls before you destroy the whole game dickhead" is 10 times worse...
1	So the thing about corki is that it really depends on who you are laning against. Almost always open boots and pots to give him more mobility, or you can run more ms quints. That being said do not be afraid to get 1 or 2 dorans to help if you are being crushed.   The thing about corki is that his passive basically increases his AD by 10% so on corki big heavy hitting items are almost always better than black cleaver since his E shreds armor pretty well early and mid game.   After I finish my boots I assess whether or not I want to enchant them or start building IE. If you are going to be roaming or their tower is almost dead go with the enchant other wise get the BF and decide whether you want IE or BT.   If you went IE you want to at the least get vamp scepter for sustain and then get an attack speed item. I like Ruunans hurricane because of the damage to multiple targets (important later when you want black cleaver.) but statik shiv also works well, since it increases move speed as well.   At this point you can either finish BT or go after the black cleaver, since at this point you are able to apply it to 3 enemies at once in a team fight with ruunans and your E.   Basically don't rush black cleaver because the extra 10% damage output makes any other item more viable than it.
1	Stop whining, if I were to be placed in bronze I would escape it in a few days, same for ANY gold player. You are where you belong and you won't climb before you get good, it's simple as that.   The LP system isn't perfect, but it's ok. I'm now sitting at 10 LP in g2, I used to have 72. Should I cry about it? No. The thing is I know that I have 56% winrate after 163 games therefore I will inevitably climb, simple as that. There will be a point where I'm going to get 50%, and it will mean I reached my peak and so on.
1	might as well go into how fast a macro can spit out it's list (and how many commands it can hold), the distance the electrons travel from your keyboard to your computer, how fast the cpu can processes the input, how fast it can send the signals, how good your internet connection is, how many routers it goes through, etc etc.
0	We were using SLIP connections for email at work around 1987. My first home modem was a 2400 baud in the late 80s if I recall correctly. I ran qmodem, then later Procomm Plus. In the early 90s, I had an ISDN 2d line (128 kbps!) for work. Shortly after that I got an @Home cable modem that had 384 kbps cable d/l and 56k (ish) dial u/l. Not long after Comcast purchased @Home, they offered bi-directional cable so I upgraded again. At this point I have FiOS 35/35.   I work for a network service provider, was directly involved in deploying our regional dial ISP service back in 1994-95, and still work today growing our service. We made our share of mistakes in the early days, especially when dealing with the exponential growth factors we were experiencing. It's been a wild ride... There was a strong geek factor in our part of the company back then. I recall thinking how cool it was helping to build the Internet, and often wondered what it would turn out to be in 10 or 20 years. I've been a geek since the early 80s, and always thought my children would be as well.   Today, I look at my 14-year-old son and am constantly surprised at how he uses the Internet. To him, it's always been a normal part of his world like electricity. His iPhone is an extension of his left hand. He pops on one of the several wireless laptops or iPads always running in our house whenever he wants to check weather, sports schedules, or his fantasy teams. He has zero geek factor, and that's just the way he likes it. For me, the internet is my life and livelihood. To him, it's nothing special, and he uses it without a second thought while living his life (which, I guess, is how it should be).   Things have certainly changed, and I think for the better. I'm excited to see how the Internet will have transformed our lives in another 10-20 years. If I'm lucky, I'll see how my grandchildren use the technology I helped to build all these years.
0	Reddit allows for community creation, not politically correct community creation.   Actually it allows for both, it is totally up to the mods how to run the place. To add to that further, some subs have very strict rules on comments ( /r/technology is pretty strict on comments) and plenty of subs moderate comments with [reddiquette](  in mind. So saying that reddit will die with active moderation is just untrue.   As it is here in /r/adviceanimals we leave it up to the community to do modding with down and upvotes. But if certain things do become a problem we do step in, blatantly racist slurs for example are actively removed. As it is really hard to come up with objective rules for other things and even more important, keep up with millions of subscribers on a daily basis.
1	Why is it a big deal to people? All teams face problemes like that once in a while and subs are made for these situations , it's not like 4 subs means insta loss , ( last time they had a 1/1 week with 4 subs ) . Also it's Russia and their strictness not Riot or GMB's fault , but people like to blame a certain person and start a circle jerk about it eachtime , they clearly said that they helped them in the  process etc but it asn't enough that means that they couldn't do anything about it .
1	It's not about the champion, it's about the player. Everything in this game is about the person playing. Sure, it's a given that some champs have skills that do well versus others, but it lies with personal ability to cope well with that. > >
0	Yeah so this happened about a year ago. My wife and I have two kids, a 4 year old daughter and a 1 year old son. We do not have any family nearby and we dont really have a babysitter, so we never get to go out. One day Im bitching about this at work to a new hire (Jen) and she says loves kids and would love to babysit one night. I jump on it, and we set a date for Friday and I make plans to take the misses to some fancy steakhouse that recently opened downtown. Since we never go out I decided to go a little overboard and I order two bottles of very fancy ass wine right off the bat. Now my wife is really not much of a drinker so I basically polish off two bottles of vino by myself. Needless to say, I was pretty hammered. By the time we get home its pretty late, and Jen asks if she can sleep on the couch, which is fine, and I go to bed. This I where my memory ends. At roughly 3:30 the next morning, I wake my wife up and hand her my 1 year old son, who is obviously in some sort of distress. He is soaking wet and crying. She thinks that maybe he just wet himself and got upset but as she begins to change him shes notices that his diaper is dry as a bone, and only his clothes are soaked. She also notices that he distinctly smells like urine. The next morning as I lay in bed horribly hungover, Jen mentions to my wife that she saw me stumble into the kids room, and heard me urinating. She has never offered her babysitting services to us again.
1	take myself as an example. i dont play ranked. why? because i enjoy the mentality of normals (from other people, not for myself) whilst still maintaining a relatively decent skill level (judging by actual play). sure there are outliers when i get the random troll or high elo people who hop on the normal queues (gbay99, chu8 -- yes i have played against both of these guys in normals. i dont find it surprising).   when riot announced S2 rewards, i said fuck it i want free shit and got myself to Gold V in 25~ games. it was a relatively easy task for me (also note there is a certain amount of luck involved, and towards that i am thankful), as i value myself as high gold with plat potential if i really tryhard, and the only way i would find out is if i hop on the ladder and start progressing. however i dont take this game seriously enough to do so and i pretty much stick to playing inhouses with a group of 30 friends ranging from Bronze V to Diamond I because they're amazingly fun (coordinated play \>\>\> solo queue).   i might've went on tangent, but my point is these people are less "outlying" than you'd think. also, i dont find the point "playing like a bronze one game and a diamond the next" to be valid. i find my play can fluctuate from what i'd deem "silver worthy" when im having an off day to my normal level of play, but these are all on a daily (and somewhat rare) time frame. lastly, there can be correlations drawn between elo and skill once you've played hundreds of (im talking in the neighborhood of 500) ranked games for a few reasons. one, it is impossible to learn everything you need to know about a game like league in less than that number of games, so you will generally see improvement over the entire set of 500 games. additionally, it is large enough to average and see finalized results.   no
0	I had to keep a wristband on for a weekend festival. On the way home, I tore it off (it was a particularly tough one). For like a few weeks, it felt like I still had it on. I thought it was in my head at first, then I realized must have damaged some kind of nerves when I tore it off.
1	a leash means. somebody else is doing the first hit on the big golem and then runs away. the golem trys to chase him. so ur jungler gets some 'free' attacks on the creeps before the golem turns around and attacks him and the jungler ends up with more health. the leasher gets away with full hp and almost no cs missing in his lane. its a win - win situation.
0	My dad got me a world map and globe when I was 6. We would play a game where he would spin the globe and stop it on a country, then I would have to name the capital, or the other way around where he'd name the capital and I'd name the country the city belonged to. I sat near the map so I could look if I couldn't get it but after a while I pretty much had all of them memorized. Overall it really sparked an interest and willingness to learn growing up, and I have my parents to thank for constantly giving me these intellectual challenges that to me just felt like games.
1	NA works fine cause that's a different server and in many ways a whole different Riot.   Anything bought with RP, and RP itself, is a mini purchase, which is really stupid of you to bring up since mini purchases are optional, as you can unlock everything with any impact on the game by simply playing it enough (Hence why the game itself generates no income and is, in fact, free). Partaking in mini purchases is a choice that you made knowing that you would no longer be able to use the purchases in the event that servers are down or your account becomes suspended. If you didn't know that, then that's simply you being a bad consumer. If you knew that and that still upsets you, then you don't have to purchase anything and worry about whether or not you feel you got your money's worth.
1	Camp a lane if they are not warding. If your mid helps your gankings, it is ok but not necessary most of the time. Camp a lane and enemy laner will be dismoralized and his team will rage him. Counter-jungling can serve to this purpose well, but you need wards for counter-jungling.
0	Remind him that he was in those shoes not that long ago. How shitty would he have felt being big and some jerk off would have looked down on him? Really, it's no concern of his. I would just shut him down and make him feel dumb. He's your friend, and when he gains some or all of his weight back, you won't throw it in his face. So simple remind him now to be humble and have class.
1	This is the reason, the Ap gained by Viegers Q directly effects his AP stat on his character which effects all his damaging abilities at once as well as things like lichbane, nashors tooth, and spellsword. If you REALLY wanted to know how much AP he is getting from his ability, you could just do the maths with items etc, but that doesnt really matter because nothing will make him lose AP so you just need to know how much he has in total.   Nasus on the other hand could deal a phenominal amount of damage off 1 Q, even if his build is pure tank. Because the damage is so influential and key to his play, they needed to display it as a stat somehow with the buff indicator.
1	I would argue that WE's bot lane was never off the track. Weixiao did poorly in 2 games which he threw, and those losses were not due to him playing poorly throughout, but rather a couple of key mistakes that were made at specific points in the game. And even in those two games weixiao stomped his lane and had a significant cs lead and also decent kda. However weixiao is always very hard on himself and since those two games were undeniably thrown entirely by him, he apologized online and people who read that apology and did not actually see the games just automatically assumed that weixiao was on a "slump". Also his performance at all-stars isn't indicative of his status since he was laning with xiaoxiao, who is generally considered as much worse than fzzf as a support.
0	From a biological perspective; the sperm of teen males can fertilise eggs as effectively as an adults. A teen female however would face various health problems by becoming pregnant, both for herself and her child. Problems such as high blood pressure, a greater risk of preeclampsia, premature birth and low birth weight.   Obviously (assuming the sex was between two consenting teens) they should both share the blame for the risks they impose upon their baby. But a teen dad could have a baby with an adult female without any increase in health risks, whereas a role reversal can lead to health problems.
0	Go with her" isn't the answer.  Just have confidence.  She sees something in you, that's why she's with you.   Otherwise you lose her, then you see her next BF isn't any better than you and you'll think, damn, I had it.  I had it, and I blew it.
1	Honestly, I have to explain this to my friend almost every day. Sometimes you have to stop and realize you are stuck in the bracket you belong. I'm not saying that you can't get better and move up.   But asking what your doing wrong and assuming that like any other ladder system you will just eventually end up on top is silly. the ELO system, and or LP system is designed to plateue players at their 'perfect' skill tier.
0	I got drunk at a bar during the 2010 World Cup while taking some time off at the beach and had my friend (a beach local) park it on the street a block away before he went home. I was sleeping it off in the back seat when the cops started banging on my window telling me to step out of the car. When I unlocked the door I was pulled out and thrown on the cruiser hood and cuffed. At this point I was not drunk just sleepy confused since within 5 seconds of waking up i'm laying on a cruiser, handcuffed.   They didn't breathalyze me or anything (and I was asking that they do that), they just hauled me to the drunk tank and gave me a $120 ticket for public intoxication. They couldn't find my keys and didn't bother to ask me where they were, so they locked them in the car. It was the middle of the night and I had to have my new girlfriend drive to my house, get my spare key, and then drive 2 hours out to the beach to get me out of jail (I married her a few years later).   I got the ticket dismissed, but it was utter bullshit. Turns out a predatory towing company wanted to tow my legally parked car, but you can't tow a car with someone inside. They reported me as a being so drunk I couldn't start my car which is why the police were such dicks. Then they went back to try and tow my car and one of the cops was still there and cited them for whatever it is when you try and tow a car illegally (it should be grand theft auto, I fucking hate towing companies).
1	Unjust, that's funny.  When the tribunal was in place, there were many many many times where people would question it.  Most often, Lyte would come in and uphold the ban.   There was the rare occasion where someone would be punished even more than they had been, and the more rare case of someone being mistakenly banned (it happened, but not nearly as much as the OP would lead us to believe.
0	yeah rofl no kidding. im old enough now that my mind has a built-in bullshit filter and i skipped that paragraph after the 6th word. I actually went back and read it out of curiosity after your comment. my reaction: "oh good, my bullshit filter is still working!"
1	Imo, I think this music is fine, other than actual league music, nothing else fits, Rock is an odd choice, Pop doesent fit lol, Jazz/casual is too slow for big, epic tourneys.  The only other music I could think of that might fit would be Epic music such as United we Stand, Divided we Fall by 2 Steps From Hell.
0	As a member of the Military I know that there is sensitive classified information that would seriously affect the security of our Nation.  All service members have sworn never to disclose this information.  We even have our own laws we must follow.  We sign all of our constitutional rights away, and agree to live under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.  I don't know if Manning knew what the consequences would be of his action, but he had no excuse not to know.
0	You know nothing of what you are talking about. There are eyebrows that look good, and eyebrows that look bad. The point of makeup is to take the eyebrows that look bad, and make them look good. Some people have good eyebrows by genetics, and do not need to do this, and most people do not, and try to make them look like the good ones. Most people are good at this, and you can't tell the difference, so you think they are natural, but some people are bad at this, and you look at them and go "AMG, you should just use natural eyebrows because they look so much better" when their natural eyebrows look even worse.   It's a confirmation bias. The only eyebrows that look good to you look natural, and took a lot of work to get there, and the people who failed stand out to you and look awful.   This is ignoring people who intentionally make it look unnatural, but that's a very, very small minority.   Edit:
0	Yes, I would have to agree. OP should've done what I would've done and convince my wife to play hooky and then have her pretend to be hooker I pick up at the bar then bring her back to the room bang the bejesus out of all day... I mean that's what i would've done.... Oh maybe I'll switch it up and go back to work like the last hour to really play out the fantasy!
1	Cresent slash is physical damage, you need to check your armour.   The death log is generally a pain - and since I  play  akali rather than play against her it is hard to tell. It might include the Q proc as cresent slash, but I am not sure - since the proc does magic damage and cresent slash does physical, unless the spell says 'mixed', I doubt it is merged. At level 13, she should have it at rank 5 if that helps your maths.
1	Similar here, but started at more like...random streamers. moved to scarra because of knowledge, but now i usually just watch streams when i dont feel like playing i just want to laugh and DEM APHROMOO QUOTES, ye he is funny as hell
0	Nonono, you see, people need to be protected from their own stupidity.   For instance, not seeing the huge contradiction that is an "unpopular opinion" meme being popular enough to appear on the front page time and again, and the problem in that.   So the administrators take the only logical step and ban that clusterfuck. Because, obviously, the majority of the community lacks elementary reasoning.
0	I understand the point OP was making. We're not getting killed in our sleep or anything but that doesn't mean our freedoms aren't being taken away.   I don't go on rambling about how tough life is in America to people from Uganda but I can still voice my concerns about my countries government. I still would rather live in America than a third world country though.
1	As Renekton, you should never outright die to a Cho Gath alone in lane. If you dodge his skill shots, and remain careful of his ultimate when you have low HP, you won't have any trouble.   That said, Cho Gath won't die so easily after some time in lane, and after getting some items. Levels 1-5 should easily be in your favor, even if he started heavy armour runes. But once he gets a chain vest and starts stacking his ult, the lane becomes a farm fest, so you will require help from your jungler to bring him down.
1	I for one actually enjoyed the stream, I thought their attitude and stuff made the stream more entertaining, and then when they all left OddOne started playing again. Like the true general he is. I'd rather not watch a serious Q and A for twenty to thirty minutes.   Plus people are acting surprised. It's TSM, what did you expect?
0	Yeah and the funny thing? the mod claimed i was being racist/sexist.   i have yet to figure out HOW i was being either. and besides most of the community is 16+ or somewhere around there.
0	people have been ignoring your order and deceiving you.   How fucked up is it that they can't be bothered to tell you how they  actually  cooked your meal after you've enjoyed it. If well done is that bad, and my order was ignored and made medium well, I'd like to fucking know so next time I know what to order and don't look like an asshole.
0	I feel bad for anyone who takes this duck's advice and picks a major because they think it guarantees them a job. I've seen too many people slog through a computer science program and graduate with a degree but absolutely no interest in the subject. They can't answer simple interview questions and can't get a job. There's a lot more to getting hired than having a piece of paper that says your parents paid a shitload of money for your post-highschool babysitting.
0	Here is the text from this meme pic for anybody who needs it:   >Title: Needless to say no one understood me...   >  TEACHER ASKS ABOUT BOOK ASSIGNMENT  >  SAYS
1	My favourite part is when loading screen freezes when everyone's at 100% and you're like "dafuq this is taking a while" and then you realise Riot are retarded and have put no way of detecting if you've crashed or not whilst in loading screen, so you reload and the enemy laner is five levels ahead AND WOW I'VE GOT SUCH A GREAT GAME AHEAD OF ME.
1	People do realize that. Humans thou have a tendency of overlooking what is good (i.e. a great game riot made into a sport) and only see the negative aspects, especially if they themselves are influenced by it overlooking the arguments of the other side (a huge spike in players since it's the first day of a new season (similar to expansion in wow).
0	You've got it backwards. Let's say there's 100 groups of people on TANF (families). Of these, 49 have no adult recipients at all. Let's say all the others had 2 (even though we know it's really 1.77 as an average). So 51 adults (minimum) and 49+102 = 151 children.   Wow look. 3 times as many kids are listed in this equation as being on this theoretical TANF than adults. The children came from somewhere, but you're not understanding the numbers you're presenting. If there are children receiving benefits without adults, then the adult number doesn't grow, but the child number does, making it seem skewed that there are adults with a ton of kids on the system when you don't math so good yes.
1	Your friend is missing what makes diana so strong.  Bear with me, I'm not attacking you or your friend, just ask him to give this a try sometime.   Diana is a melee assassin who is great at creating a fight because of her mobility and her e.  Your friend is building roa because he thinks he needs to be tankier when he goes in and does this.  Hes right, but hes going about it the wrong way.  Because Diana has a spammable shield that scales off ap, resists give her more effective hp than getting more health.  Therefore, a common build on diana is abyssal into zhonyas.  This lets you go in, do some damage and get your e off and then zhonyas until your team follows up.  You'll survive and you'll be tanky enough to not get one shot going in.   As you get more ap, that shield will get even bigger making your resists benefit you even more.  Think riven's shield, you don't see good riven players going frozen mallet, they go ga and use their shield and mobility to be tanky.
0	I, in particular, respect and adhere to the utilitarian ethical system.   In a very simplified way, this system asserts that the morality or immorality of a course of action can be defined by the sum of pleasure/suffering (the smallest possible surmountable which derives from it.   So, when confronting the sums of aborting or giving birth to a severely disabled child, many philosophers from this school believe that the former is the most moral option, as it reduces the suffering towards:     the disabled person (even if the fetus is considered a person, it's death is practically painless);     the family (which won't have to go through enormous amounts of efforts to tend for the disabled); and     the community in general (as the funds used to sustain medical support can be invested more efficiently towards raising happiness/preventing suffering elsewhere).       This usually can only be applied towards really severe conditions, as in milder ones, less efforts are spent and more pleasure can be derived from the disabled person's existence, changing the balance between pleasure and suffering. This means that this train of thought cannot be used as an argument towards exterminating/genetically cleansing handicapped people.   Although I don't agree with all of his arguments, my favorite utilitarian philosopher is Peter Singer. More information on his thoughts on this matter can be found in this very informative and comprehensible [article]( which I recommend for anyone interested in the morality of aborting troubled pregnancies.
1	I started playing ADC because I loved the 2v2 lane and Ezreal. God I love that champ dem skillshots and the many different builds you can do.   I started switching to Support recently because I hate dealing with solo que BS and just playing support avoids some team anger. Also with all my experience I know CD's matchups and when you do a good job as support I feel it is more rewarding than any other position. Saving and getting your teammates fed is just great.   However I picked up a bunch of high mobility, skill based champs (Lissandra, Zed, Fizz) and bringing them to other lanes and having a great time with there kits.   I really like certain champs in certain positions. Shen is a champ I really like to play. I feel like it is because he is such an interesting champ with his kit.
1	What I've noticed is that the bans of many "average" tier solo queue players fall into a few categories that can be generalized pretty well.   That being said the most popular five bans I've seen these days are Shen, Alistar, Blitz, Malphite, and Morgana. The sixth ban has a little more wiggle room, I tend to ban out Amumu, but I also see plenty of diana, rengar, eve, and kass.   With most of these guys, the largest common denominator is that they have huge ganking potential. Many are mid-lane assassins that can shove lane and roam easily (diana, eve, kass) With the exception of blitz, the rest are hugely strong gankers themselves. Shen has a built in teleport, and amumu, alistar, malph, and morg have AOE cc that is hugely disruptive in teamfights.   Basically I think the assassin bans are always based on fear, rather than them actually being "op." Fizz, for example, deserves more credit as a midlane assassin that can win games practically by himself, and if a pro played him in a tourney with positive results he could probably become a flavor of the month.   As for the rest, it's hard to work around AOE cc. Even pros have trouble, and we've seen it in these finals. As an example with CLG.eu and WE focusing on who gets Orianna.   Sorry for the wall of text.
1	Have an upvote to compliment my own extreme disagreement to your comment. Nasus is extremely strong, Nasus's weak earlygame means very little unless someone manages to pull a dive on you (read: Volibear and Xin Zhao).   I'll agree with you that Nasus is easy to kite, but..     If you dive into the enemy team going for the  Lucian , you're doing it wrong. It's much better to peel and put some damage down on the bruiser or anyone but the tank, really.     If you're good at him (read: build CDR, I always first buy spirit visage or frozen heart) you'll have 300+ Q stacks at 20 minutes, which is 500 damage per Q on a 3 second cooldown. If you're in range of somebody, you can deal insane damage while building literally none at all. On any other champion that would be ridiculous.     Mikael's got nerfed.       Coming back to his early game which can be exploited, even heavy zoning doesn't get in the way. Either you sit under tower until they roam, or you ping like mad when they do and stack Q with the CDR you built.   It's not possible to dive a Nasus early, unless he takes all the poke the enemy laner wants him to and becomes a sitting duck. His passive can help him shrug off too much damage for that, and withering anyone under tower pretty much kills their chances.   If you can not die (not hard to do) you outscale the enemy 90% of the time (Looking at Poppy, Jax, Elise or Trynd).  I can't count how many times  I've turned around on a Riven who blew her E going in, and her Q on damage and blew her up because she didn't know about the 70 stack power spike.   In my opinion, the only people who can straight up beat a Nasus top without having to snowball are Elise, Quinn, and Urgot, because of their health percentages, easy kiting, and poke/armor+damage shred respectively. I'm leaving out Jayce because he needs to snowball.
1	Imho - best runes in the game. MS is really hard to itemize for, with ADC being the only role that you don't have to go outside your regular build to get MS.   In the jungle they improve your clear speed, make your ganks easier and more reliant. In mid I'd trade 15 AP for MS any day. Makes roaming much easier, and most important - dodging skillshots. You can also run them on some positioning depepndant supports (Alistar and Blitz mostly) and there are quite a few solo top champs that benefit from them.
0	There is only one way to deal with that situation. Don't ever argue the point. That way lies madness. You gently remove her hand from your face, look her directly in the eyes, and with a stern but calm voice (and without blinking) say, "don't ever do that again."   If she argues, you simply make it clear you have no patience for double standards and insecurities, and that should she choose to disrespect you in such a way again, she will no longer be your girlfriend. People hate ultimatums, but they work if you're not bluffing, (the key is to not bluff). If she tries you call you on it, follow through.   You're better off not having a crazy person as a gf, but if you must, then at least teach her to be respectful (and hopefully leave her better than you found her). Also, if she listens, then you may explain the double standard (it won't convince her initially because she doesn't care, she only wants to test you, but may reinforce a belief acquired by the trust elicited by your confident display of leadership).
1	Ok, so i dont think you understand what OP is. When a champion is overpowered it doesnt mean it is easy to win with it, it means it is stronger than other champions IF YOU CAN PLAY IT GOOD. Ahri is obviously stronger than most mid laners, Azir, Jarvan etc. Even if Azir gets to a point where he has %20 winrate it doesnt mean he is less strong, it just means people cant play it. It means Azir has a high skill cap, it is easy as fuck to play a Nasus so if Nasus was as strong as Azir he would have much more win rate   Champion power =/ win rate. You need to consider champion power + skill cap of that champion + in which tier of soloq its picked + in which team comp that champion is picked. When you pick nidalee jungle in bronze 5 it is natural you will lose to a Wukong at jungle, because you will play it so bad and Wukong is so easy to play naturally he will look more skilled and he will have more impact.
1	Just cos I love morons and kids like you I will set it out plain and simple.   The person whose case you have currently listed has obviously been punished previously or has already achieved a high track record. Then someone, whose reports clearly matter because he doesn't simply spam them, has reported him for more negative behavior.   Therefore, the person is sent to the tribunal because he has not corrected his behavior from previous times he has broken the summoners code and put "on trial" for breaking his "parole".
1	You have to understand how unranked placements work on a fresh lvl 30. I have a very good understanding of it because I've done it on about 20 or so accounts. Your first 3-4 games in your placements, if you are a new player, will always be against other unranked players who have bad kda's and a ton of losses both in normals and any placement matches they have already done. So anyone you are playing with in these games, will be landing in bronze or low silver anyway. If you continue to lose, you will keep queing with people who are also losing. So again, by throwing your placement matches, you really aren't ruining anyones placements because they will be placing low anyway.   What I said about your first 3-4 placement games is always true if you are a new player. Now say you win your first 4 placement matches. Your 5th game will generally be against ranked high silver or gold, now if you win this game, you will continue to que against this MMR for the remainder of your placements generally. If you lose your 5th game, you will go right back to queing against unranked. Anyone who says that your normals KDA and win/loss ratio has no effect on how you que in your placements, is wrong. If I, myself, smurf and lvl an account to 30, generally my first placement match will start off against silver ranked or other unranked players who are doing very well in placements. If I buy a botted lvl 30 accnt, which will have a horrid kda and 75% losses, my first placement matches will ALWAYS be against new players.
1	I played a lot in bronze and it always went like this:   jungler: "mid blue?"   me: "I'm behind, you will use it better than I could at this point" or "if you don't need it, sure"   jungler: ";-;7"   or   me (as adc): "can i red? i'll try to use it well"   jungler: "n-nobody's ever asked for red before.."   me: "i.. it's your buff so it's up to you.."   jungler: ";-;7"
0	I almost had an aneurysm when I saw the kind of money my parents spent on my sister's wedding. My mom was actually excited about the future prospect of my wedding afterward. I told her I didn't want that kind of expense on their shoulders and would get married at a justice of the peace.   The stare. That horrible, "no you're not" mother-stare....
1	what IMO is decent:     W: the w mechanical change is decent.  The small dash "backwards" if you get hit by an auto is interesting. I suppose you could calculate this based on the auto trajectory. This would be a somewhat wonky mechanic, but I could see it working.     E: aoe damage that if solo grants as and ms.  This is a much better replacement. It gives her some solid wave clear, with a little more variability on when and how to use E. Depending on the damage could maybe still keep the reset.       what IMO isn't:     Passive: tenacity is a broken passive.  This would turn her into master yi on steroids IMO. The numbers would have to be perfect for every season on this ability or she would be OP. This is the reason Irelia always gets nerfed, because of her passive. Stacks of tenacity is just too dangerous, also not really a "duelist" thing, you don't want to be hit, you shouldn't be rewarded with lower CC's just for kills on others. Makes her super team fight oriented, the opposite of duels.     R: I am not sure what the actual ability does.  I see that it "has different effects based on what you cast before" but that doesn't really  seem to have a clear usage. Why change it from what it is? it seems like this is just a typical aoe damage move (not really duelist like IMO).       Misconceptions:  Contrary to popular belief you CAN be hit with spells in Fiora's current R, she is not untargetable. She can still die, and stealthing eliminates the damage. It can be Zhonyas and most importantly, the other player controls where you land.   Now could it use a little  more  counterplay? Sure. Lets not pretend that a AOE KU is a very skillful counterplay teeming situation either though.   I would rather see some form of R make it through. If it was changed to "Q's now bounce you back and has a .5 second cd" then you retain the same "feel" without kill the style of the ult.   IDK just think your passive and ult choices aren't so much upgrades but typical abilities of other champions that don't even really fit the duelist archetype.   Really like w e though, definitely nice thoughts behind that.
1	Dominion is my preferred playstyle, and I only pull Heimer out when I'm frustrated and just need a win. He's so strong there that I get bored playing him with any frequency.   I've never found him to fall off. If anything I find him growing in relative strength as he gains AP.   If your team behaves themselves and stay top, you basically win the game single handedly. The enemy team has to either send 2 people bot or you will push to their turret and cap it. I've yet to see someone who could keep me off their bottom tower solo.   Here are some of my keys to making him work.   The first is to have the other four players on your team leave you alone, even if you lose your bot tower (this usually happens if they send 3 or more bot to gank). Defending on a tower with Heimer is incredible, and on the off chance that you lose it, taking the bottom tower on your side back is almost trivial, especially with promote. The only Dominion games I lose as Heimer are when someone else on my team thinks they have to come bottom and leave top undermanned. I'll swap to top if they persist after being told multiple times to stay top, but usually if someone is bad enough to ignore calls for team coordination they're usually far too bad to hold bot, even against a single opponent.   The second key is to not die. I know that's pretty standard advice for LoL, but it's generally less important in Dominion. Taking Heimer solo bottom is an exception.   If you only have one opponent bottom you want to be sure you're always pushing the lane. This is trivial to do. Make sure when you're laning against someone that you put your turret at the top of the lane in the gap, so you're controlling access to the heal buff between the towers. If they want to play hide and seek in the bottom bushes you can grenade them pretty much at will or look for an opportunity to place your second turret there. The problem comes when you're laning against more than one person or one of the champs that gives Heimer issues due to range etc. In that case you want to play more defensively, and if they've sent two champs you'll generally want to just sit on your own tower. You don't need to push if they send two down, since that makes it 3v4 top. If it's a single champ that just gives you trouble, unless they have HUGE sustainability you can operate basically from your own tower, using promote, grenades, and turrets to keep the lane pushing. Use rockets to harass and eventually they'll get low enough you can push and kill them or they'll have to go back to heal. If they leave lane due to death or to heal, Heimer can push the lane quickly enough that your minions should start capping their tower before they get back. Once you've pushed far enough, just leave. They'll have to take the time to clear the tower and the minions are often enough to take it neutral all by themselves. That's enough pressure to make the enemy team weak up top.   The biggest mistake I see Heimers make bottom is trying to hold the enemy's bot tower or getting cocky and trying to engage against more than one opponent. While you can frequently be successful in both of those scenarios it's far more likely that you'll get killed, and later in a Dominion game that will generally mean that your tower gets capped before you come back up. This pretty much means you're going to have at least one teammate head down there, and that will often cost you top.   I always take Promote and Ghost, and I use the summoner cooldown reduction masteries in the utility tree. With that combination I can usually wait on boots so that I have more pushing power in lane and having it makes a real difference having Promote up more often.   You have to get used to predictive grenade use and you have to be aware when your rockets will hit the enemy champ and when the minions will simply suck them up. You also want to be very careful about using your ult, and using up all of your turrets.   As a general rule unless I'm dominating my opponent I never push unless I am able to drop a turret. I also reserve my ult for when someone tries to gank. You simply don't need it to keep the lane moving.   If you drop both turrets and push before you have a new one ready to go, you're asking for trouble, and the slow on your ult, while relatively weak, will almost always give you enough space for ghost to do it's job and get you back to your tower.   Opponents tend to underestimate the stun on the grenade. If you have two towers up and someone tries to come in on you landing the grenade is basically a guaranteed kill.   Practice kiting opponents while keeping them in range of your turrets, and be aware of when your turrets are focused on minions. A quick rocket flurry to clear a wave and free your turrets up to target the opponent diving you can make all the difference.   It takes some practice to use Heimer, and taking him bot in Dominion is no different. If you stick with it though, you'll find yourself winning far more than you lose.   The strategy and positioning needed make it a lot of fun for me in short bursts, especially against other Heimers. If you have any questions I'd love to answer them. It would also be great if any other Heimer players had suggestions for me to up my game :)
0	As someone that has google fiber I gotta say it is amazing. THOUGH it is split in my apartment I believe and all my speed test give me 100 mb/s instead of the 1 gb/s I use to have (we got it first a month before everyone). It is still fast and with the tablet and tv it is nice. I can watch a live (air) station on my tablet and change the channel with it. It is fun to do when someone is watching something just putting it on some random channel. They also give you 1 TB of space on Google Drive. Overall for 130 (with dvr and internet) I say it is worth it. Add that free for life (or at least 7 years) I would say they are the most reasonable plan I have seen in a while. I just hope the speed issue is only my apartment and not an overall issue.
0	Which ones?     Kill transit city? Yes.     Save the taxpayers money? Debatable. The aforementioned killing of transit city will have cost us anywhere from 40 to 100 million. He used city staff to coach football, they have now linked up many times he was supposed to at council meetings but he was out meeting drug dealers. His 1 billion dollar sound bite has been proven again and again to be unequivocally false.     Balance the budget? No. At least not in the way he promised I.e. to finally balance the budget. The city of Toronto legally must run a balanced budget every year. It had been balanced for a long time before he came into power.     stop the gravy train? A hard no. This is possibly the most egregious of his false promises. In terms of efficiences at city hall, David Miller's last year in office had over 300 million in surplus which is due to budget efficiencies. Ford did reduce councilors individual budgets but it's such an incredibly miniscule amount of Toronto's total budget it's almost negligible. And any gain he did make in that area is totally offset (morally and financially) with his reckless finances within his own staff. In his last few months in office he has allegedly given continual raises to his staffers so they stick around. Not to mention paying David Price almost double what the last guy got.       -stop the willy nilly spending at city hall. Debatable. He has slowed the overall growth of the city budget. But the city still spends more now than it did under Miller (which is to be expected with inflation).     stop the car registration tax. Yes.     no more tax increases. No. Property taxes are going up thanks to his 2 subway stops.     build subways. Yes. At an incredible cost to the taxpayer we are building 2 subway stops. Although arguable this had little to do with him and was Katen Stintz.     Privatize garbage. Yes.       Okay I'm done. Sorry to rant for so long, that was mostly for me. Im just so frustrated to keep hearing people defend his personal failings with his political record which, by any standards, is not something to be proud of.
1	I think that it can be constructive if such players start back at level 1 and learn to play again.   Also, they cause hardship to their team in the same way that an AFK player causes hardship to their team, and going AFK is a bannable offense. Realistically, it is less disadvantageous (more advantageous) to have an AFK than someone who continually feeds.
1	Riot just want a passive game filled with tanks and utility-based champions, hence the nerfs to champions like Lee Sin, Elise and the buffs to Maokai, Nautilus and every other tank jungler that benefits from Quill Coat. Especially with worlds coming up, Riot want to ensure that Elise and Lee's high pick rates for those up-coming matches won't be at a 100% pick/ban.
1	I think it is reasonable to state that at the moment Alliance and SK are the strongest.   Fnatic can and will probably catch up because they are so strong individually.   SHC is surprising me at the moment but I think they are beatable if you honestly prepare for them.  Millenium had a great first week but they got completly destroyed by Alliance. I think it's fair to say that they are probably 5/6 place.   Gambit and Roccat seem to be in some Deep shit and they will probably be 7/8.   I am not yet sold about the CHW but I think that they won't/can't be any higher than 5th in the regular season:
1	He feels somewhat lacking in the damage department when compared to other tanks. While most other tanks have abilities that scale off their tanky-ness (or just outright damage) Mao has nothing but AP to scale off of. W -> Q is really good at locking down but the CD is a little long without CDR; with a bit of CDR it's enough to seriously disrupt your enemies. Sapling Toss (E) is a great harass and zoning tool but has a long cast and is pretty unreliable. His ultimate is a bit clunky to cast (somewhat of a short range and cast time) and needs a visual cue to show when it's fully charged.
1	In my opinion, Riot should simply put a difference between a banned account,and a banned player: For example they could have banned Linak's and Envision's account,permanently if required,okay. But EVERY other person then a pro player can just make another account,play,and correct or not correct is behaviour. Putting this in public is just a problem for the banned player AND his team. By the way,comments like : they should just not group up with such scumbags/cunts are wrong: there is a HUGE difference inbetween their behaviour in SoloQ and in a Team. ( I honestly hope so for the teams) Now,I know aAa better then mouz so I'll take this example: Why would Riot, First, Tell the world who they banned,Second,ban the person "Damien Lorthios" ,and not the account(s) from aAa Linak? As OP said,aAa has now to find a new jungler,because Riot didn't tell them that their player got banned for 1 year from the official SCENE,and not only the game? That is just a  bad method to keep toxic players away.
0	A really good tool in the job hunt is www.glassdoor.com. This site allows users to post their application/hiring experience with a company. The larger the company, the more complete the info. My wife had 4 interviews with a company, including one with the VP of HR (she works in HR), and then heard nothing. She found glassdoor and read that this company was famous for this kind of unprofessional crap. It helped her feel better knowing it was just a jerky company and not something she did. Glassdoor also gives you insight on interview styles and even the questions asked in the interviews.
0	if any part of your crotch touches her crotch.  any part.  you can get herpes.  this includes the ballsac that slams against her ass as you pump away furiously with your condom covered cock.  the only way you can protect against herpes is via abstinence and even then your wife may have it.
1	It's amazing how people think 50 games is a good indicator towards their true elo. I'm not saying you or others don't deserve it. But man, I've seen way too many bad players at 1400-1500 with 20 wins...
1	Well, very often it's the entire server that has problems, so pretty much everyone on EUW lags.   When it's not the server, there are still some people with problems, but a lot less.   For example, I have increased ping the last 2 months because there's one IP on the route from me to Riot's servers (77.67.73.166), which increases my ping. This has to do with how many people are online, but also with the ISP you are using.   In my example, the IP 77.67.73.166 isn't owned by my ISP, still it's always in my traceroutes, so I have increased ping relatively often
1	This wasn't a guide of step by step playing against split pushers. this was to stop giving free objectives by more then one person answering a threat that didn't need it and giving up another tower plus other things. You are acting like cause a fed yi or nasus can push your towers down I'm 100% wrong. This is very generalized for a reason. Well no shut a fed/farmed yi or nasus can push your shit that's what they do. But a not fed one or any other champion pushing it in that will take it un answered does not need two or three people to defend it. people chase kills and they need to stop being so selfish and gready the
0	I think the issue is that most people imagining these scenarios live lives that involve problems that, by comparison with a doomsday scenario, are banal and largely superficial. Nevertheless, they still cause grief and consternation in daily living, and yet, we have little control over the resolution of many of those things. And there are too many rules governing day to day life, whether or not they are codified or merely required social graces.   "Will I get a promotion?" "Do I need to start looking for a new job?" "I don't like how much internet costs." "Health insurance is cutting into my disposable income a lot." "How do I get Sara from accounting to like me?"   Now, in an apocalypse, none of that matters. Now, if you die, nothing matters. If you live, suddenly you're one of the lucky few, the chosen. The world belongs to you and those you can protect. You grab a weapon and some ammo, boost that brand new Maserati you always wanted from the abandoned lot, and you save Sara from the horde of animated undead/evil aliens/kaiju.   Now you don't have to worry about whether or not Sara likes you, of course she does, you helped her to not die, nobody else did that. It doesn't matter if you get promoted, because your job is defending yourself and your friends from 'the enemy'.   Now the questions you're faced with are "Am I dead?" and "Are my friends dead?" And if you can answer those questions 'no' then, you win. You win at life, and nobody anywhere can say anything different.   So the bar is lowered as it pertains to those abstract, banal life issues. The strictures of society have been replaced with 'be a badass and do what it takes to survive'. For some people, those 'new rules' for living sound a lot more fun and interesting than the ones they have now.
1	It goes without saying that it is "more complex that commonly perceived".  What I meant by "not that hard" was in a completely non-absolute scale. It's functionality of a large-scale system that serves millions of people, of course it's complex for any number of small, moderately experienced people.  However one needs to keep in mind it is a brand new feature so there is a pretty decent chance the code there is "cleaner" than in older, core aspects of the game. Given the resources and man-hours that a corporation like Riot has available it is simply my belief that it is a  worthy time investment . I never said it was easy or demanded it to be out next patch. I simply put it out there in case people in Riot forgot about it or thought it wasn't worth it.  I really don't see why I got downvoted due to not stating something already obvious. Every single discussion/request such as this is made with all those aforementioned arguments already in mind because it's a fundamental truth.
1	Well basically the reason is because Sivir is an extremely old champion. There was no botlane ad carry meta at that time, therefore her range issues weren't existant back than. Now, that you usually lane vs another support + marksman (hurr durr), you tend to lose the lane in most cases if you opponent knows how to abuse his advantage.   Another problem is Sivirs kit. She gains movement speed on champion hit, has an auto-attack reset and an extremely useful ultimate if used right. It is incredibly underrated. If Riot would just buff her range up to par with other marksmen, Sivir could just shit on every team since the only champions that could outpoke her in lane would be those with poke abilities, which are countered by her spellshield.
0	I believe Chaplin and Hitler had it simultaneously. I don't know too much about Chaplin but Hitler had it from the mid 20s onwards and Chaplin i THINK had it around then too, before Hitler was all too well known during the 30s   [Wikipedia]( says that they sported similar taches. Doesn't specify who had it first of who influenced whom. Both were very influential and well known throughout the world.
1	This is more likely to be a client-side issue. I've been playing league for a while and all the problems I've seen in the comments saying that it's been happening since blahblahblah has never happened to me. I have a decent computer with decent fps (60 fps on low settings/70 ping). I see all skillshots that are used from a bush or over a wall. Never had an invisible arrow or ez ult or invisible spears or morg q's. Not quite sure what to say about this issue.
0	Story:   > Jane  >>So, let me get this straight. You're going to total her car, and then a few months later when she has finally sold the useless hunk of metal, you're going to suspend her license for not having insurance on the car you wrecked? Thank you, Florida police. You are really on your a game.   > Me  >>What's the story on this?   > Jane  >> Basically,  Joan 's old car broke down while I was at a stoplight. Police officers moved me and the car from obstructing traffic by pushing it with there police car (here is the important part) AROUND A FREAKING CORNER AT LIKE 50 MPH. I steered using their momentum and even with slamming on the brakes, the car still went flying into a pole in front of a circle k.   >>I parked in that spot perfectly though, I will say that.  It was just... too far forward. Like bent around the pole. Busted her radiator, crushed the doors in so that I could barely get out, even cracked the pavement around the pole I hit. The whole nine yards.  Then, while I was under duress, they tried to get me to sign a paper saying that their actions/crazy speed that I would not even take a corner at with full control of my car somehow not a contributing factor to her car getting wrecked. I didn't sign, and I got a video of it from the circle k manager.   >>Anyway, yesterday,  Joan  found out during a meeting with her new boss that her license had been suspended due to lack of insurance. So, police could have arrested her had she been pulled over, and we never would have known otherwise, all because of a problem they created in the first place.
1	I should have given the community more credit, I suppose. I assumed the subreddit was a good representation of the LoL players, but now that I think about it that's stupid, but even then I didn't know a lot of these things (not top player and been years since i've seen jayce). I'm pretty new here :D. Perhaps it wasn't executed properly, but my plan was to talk about the things that would make bruiser jayce viable, because I don't think people ever put his abilities in that context. In the future I'll put a title or mention what the list is and say to skip to
0	Total myth -- for adult males there is absolutely zero medical evidence that circumcision prevents UTIs.  Probably some reduced risk of certain infections, but the majority of the studies were very poorly controlled and the evidence is controversial.   There is some evidence that circumcision reduces the risk of UTI in infants [Pubmed link]( but the key message from the abstract is:   Systematic reviews have shown that circumcision reduces the risk of repeat infection but 111 circumcisions would need to be performed to prevent one UTI in unpredisposed boys. Given the need for anaesthesia and the risk of surgical complication, net clinical benefit is probably restricted to those who are predisposed (such as those with recurrent infection).   Moreover, there is actually some [evidence that circumcision drives UTIs in infants](   A nice, easy to read review can be found [here](   I've had the pleasure of having a string of UTIs in my late 20s (male) and the first thing my doctor wanted to do was cut me.  Being a scientist, I insisted on seeing the relevant data, and it turned out there was none.  Got a new doctor after that.
1	I play a lot of jungle on Summoners Rift. Naturally, when I played the new Twisted Treeline, I started with jungling.   On the topic of ganking in the new Twisted Treeeline map, I feel like gank paths are very linear and not-rewarding. Was the map designed to remove the highly aggressive - snowball previous meta?   Furthermore, I see that removing wards can re-create the aggressive meta; however, do you feel like removing wards was a nerf to certain champions with natural built escapes using wards (Jax, Lee Sin, Katarina)?
1	I absolutely hate when people don't communicate in the chat. If you're going to play a team game and you don't know what speaking is then that's already a bad start. I respect that sometimes people don't know all roles perfectly (eg, I can jungle but obviously I'm not going to be extremely good at it because my mains are ad and support) but if you want a role explain it nicely and I don't mind jungling if you really want support/ad and you're first pick. It's EXTREMELY hard to make a good team to counter or to have some synergy if people don't talk.  -.-'
0	I had a Kindle stolen and that's the story that was used.   Amazon mailed me a Kindle Fire in its original packaging and UPS left it on my front porch.  I called Amazon and they mailed me a new one, and gave me the address of the person who registered it.  The police went to the shipping address (where she worked) and told her boss there was an investigation.  It was eventually returned.   The woman claimed she bought it off somebody on the street.  The police officer said she was full of sh*t but there wasn't anything they could do to prove it.
1	I played a normal nasus game yesterday with my buddy (we cant queue ranked together) Enemy team picked Kayle top. I was thinking to myself this is going to end horribly, focused on my cs got every cs first 3 waves (No fucking clue how that happened) my jungler friend ganked got first blood and flash from kayle, proceeded to get ganks over the next 6 minutes. Kayle got so mad she typed /all fucking pussy. She teleported to tower and I bopped her for another +6. She then left top completely and I just pushed to the inhib, then they surrendered.
1	Okay, here's my two cents.   In 90% of cases, fans and players get too sensitive because they've grown up behind a PC, are still quite young, haven't been out constantly in the open world and don't know the process of having a full-on proper discussion (not an argument or rant) because they haven't had many of these confrontational or 'strong discussion' experiences in the real world, and they think there is no consequences for their words be it emotional or response keyboard warrior'ing.   You may not like that fact, but it's god-damn true. I used to be one of those players when I was a young kid who got super aggressive and thought I was the boss, saying what I like at my computer.   Now a bit older, and doing rather well in the open and real world, I deal with a lot of confrontational situations in my job and through my career, and if someone disagrees or makes a rather negative comment, it is dealt with MASSIVELY different to then it was.
1	I'm not disagreeing that it's not good, I just think the Hydra is a lot more consistent.   For instance, Zed, level ~10, with hydra you'd be around 170 AD, with BotRK you'd be ~120 ( assuming you rushed it first item, ARPen Runes, just a rough idea)   Ult -> Auto -> Active -> E -> W - > Q. ( W so Shuriken hits an extra time)   With BotRK every ability will do less damage based on scaling, so it'd be (without armor)   Assuming two shurikens hit out of the three, your Q will do 75 more damage,  your W will passively give you more AD (only 2.5 more from the item at early levels) you'll get 40 more damage from your E, and your ult has a minimum of 50 more damage.   That's before the actives come into effect, with the item actives, on say a target at 1500 hp, (this would be extremely inefficient for Zed to burst a tank as opposed to just a carry), you're Botrk would do ~450 DPS, why hydra would only do 340.   Then you realize, the hydra just made all of your skills do more damage, for another 75 from the Q, another 40 from your E, and then more from your ult because you've done more damage.   Then you think about the passive stats you also gain from it, the minor healing and waveclear, as well as not having to wait a minute to be able to trade with people again, as the active is almost always up.
0	Late to the party, but true story:   One time at work, I had a headache.  I asked around if anyone had medicine.  Someone suggested that Tom had some.   I went to his office and jokingly said, "Hey, man, I want some  drugs !"   He got this deer-in-the-headlights look and said "...  WHAT ?"   I continued, "They said you had some tylenol?"   He was scared as shit, and then let out a big sigh of relief, opened his desk drawer, said, "oh, yeah, there ya go."   I took some of the pills and left, while he stayed there, still scared out of his mind.
0	Louisiana here. Alimony is still alive and well here. I love both my parents and understand why what happened happened. That being said, from a legal standpoint My mom moved out of the house and quit counseling even though my dad kept going. She still got at least temporary alimony, and a surprising amount at that.   As far as which side is better btw divorce or a discontent household, I know only this. Because of just how different each parent's POV was, looking back I don't know what the truth about a lot of things were, all I have is each parents perspective and what I physically observed to be true. What I can confirm is that their setup allowed me a great house in a great neighborhood growing up alongside friends I still talk to today. Inside the house was in constant division, people picking sides (alliances of convenience). Lots of tension and a lot of conflicts. I snuck out a lot to avoid it/deal with it. I also drank a lot.   Would I have been happier in 2 separate houses? I try not to think about that too often because honestly I'll never know. I couldn't stand the constant conflict, so when I was old enough to move out I moved out and I only came back once briefly when I ran out of money. I always enjoyed visiting but never felt comfortable staying there once I had enough resources to afford other options. That house just sold last weekend. My mom was with me the day before we had to vacate and we went and said our last goodbyes to all the pets we had buried over the years. That was a hard day. Even though she couldn't see a future with my dad it deeply saddened her to have to leave that house.   A positive thing I can say about it all was that I was afforded equal opportunity to see both of my parents, which is something you don't get in 2 separate houses. So was I better or worse off? I think there would be trade-offs either way. I don't think there's really a good way to go about it. Pick your poison.
1	Win your lane, punish every lane, kill their carry in teamfights... These tips are good if you are able to get the advantage on the other mid laner, but even if you gank other lanes effectively it might not result into a victory. But the most important aspect of the game is Team spirit. You need to keep the morale of the team a good a possible. If your team is starting to rage at eachother, you could be 40-0 and it won't make a difference.   The chat box is pretty much the place where people lose most of their game. Wether it is in champion select or during the game. People start to argue then they lose focus and they start to throw. The only good thing to say in chat are pretty much : -glhf -nj -gj -need help :D? -I love this team -gg wp   I've tried it and it works. I was stuck in silver V for a long time and now i'm climbing the ladder pretty quickly. After a while you will play vs  people with better mechanics and all and at this point it will be important to roam when you need to roam and to punish other lane when you have the opportunity.
0	Yeah, I shared an apartment with my girlfriend for a while, the shower was so small and cramped, sharing wasn't fun and sex was impossible. It was a race to finish showering so we could get to the bed and get to the fun stuff.   But then, then we went to see my folks and tried the master shower. Two shower heads, enough room for 2 people to do jumping jacks, and a bench for activities. There was still the issue of lubricant, but we made it work in the neighborhood pool so we made it work in the shower.
1	Would you explain to me why she is so annoying and can dominate her lane so easily? From what I've seen, most AD Nidalee only dominate when fed kills and are above the enemy in farm. Ordinarily her aggression is no worse than, say, Irelia's, and it costs her creeps unless she's charging at you and pouncing in the middle of a creep wave, in which case she's pushing to your tower so you can easily last hit and she can't do as much.   In teamfight, she has no notable CC as bruiser or way to heal when she is in cougar form, and her range with AAs is so weak that she will get bursted down extremely fast no matter which form she takes unless she hangs back so far as to be ineffective. Cougar fares slightly better, but is still pretty squishy and bad at getting to carries unlike someone like Udyr or Renekton.
1	This video is kind of misleading. The message is okay, but you rarely get this lucky. For one, he got a super leash and was able to finish blue without using smite and with full hp. In most cases with Hecarim  (and most junglers), you can't just skip everything else and go from Blue to Red that quickly, and then be lucky enough to have such easy ganking opportunities.   The title "Solid Jungling with Hecarim" would make a lot more sense for a standard game, where he can show things like how to  create  opportunities as a jungler against aware opponents. IMO, this video is more of "Lucky Jungling with Hecarim," and viewers aiming to emulate his play would find themselves successful only a percentage of the time when the cards are in their favor. Real solid jungling is being able to know how to make plays from whatever you are given.
0	Your point appears to be: Adventure Time uses complex themes to appeal to a wider range of audiences than My Little Pony.   I understand and agree with this.   My only problem is that you're using the phrase "subliminal messaging" like it can be interchanged with "foreshadowing" or "subtle hints".   Subliminal messaging is almost hypnosis.  It's an image or sound that we never realize we actually see, but still influences our brains.   Please realize I'm not trying to be a dick or call you dumb or anything, I just want to make the point that words and phrases should be used correctly, not for what you feel like.  Here's my point via your examples:   >there are lots of other subliminal messages, like hinting that Princess Bubblegum is a dictator   That's not subliminal.  See when you said "hinting". If it was subliminal there wouldn't be hints.  We see Princess Bubblegum having absolute power over the Candy Kingdom.  We see her create life, destroy it, play with the forces of nature, cut of limbs of tiny candy creatures and glue them on to other creatures for science, 'cuz she can.  These may be subtle, but they are conscious.  If the show had no visible sign of PB's dictatorial tendencies, but played a whisper underneath the normal audio track, barely within human hearing range that told you what a crazy dictator she was, and this whisper caused you to feel PB was a dictator,  without you realizing you ever heard it  it would be "subliminal messaging".   >that the world is pretty much completely destroyed (but is becoming more and more inhabitable)   Again, this is  overt .  Finn never says "Hey Jake look!  The world is completely destroyed", but it doesn't  hide  it from you.  It's in plain view.  You can see the world of Ooo, and you can see it's all gronked up, and you can see that life is returning to almost every aspect of this world.   If the show never showed us the world, only stayed inside Finn & Jake's house, then once every 100 frames they showed a single frame of the Ooo country side, and these single frames led us to the conclusion that the world is pretty much completely destroyed (but is becoming more and more inhabitable) then  THAT  would be subliminal messaging.   >that there are more humans than just Fin   No, this is explicitly said.  They call Finn the last human several times.  In order for this to be subliminal... I can't even think of a way that could be subliminal.  Subliminal messaging can, by definition, only exist when we  don't  see it.   All of your examples are great examples of foreshadowing and subtle hints.  They're terrible examples of subliminal messaging.
1	Rengar was hunting KZ, so he found there was a Void monster on the League, maybe he wanted to find a connection of KZ and Cho or just kill Cho before KZ, and the other prey anyway   And KZ prey is Rengar, so when Rengar got to the League, it's obivious that he would join.
1	I really think permaban is way too harsh. Ok, Someone is offensive and "can't" fight it or doesn't want to fight it. Don't block him from the game! Either permamute him,or,find a better way to punish him (like  "debt",in whenever game he gets reported and is report worthy (not reported for playing sion) then deduct a set amount of ip,more every time.)
1	I'm a true advocate now. I once was one of those so called "gg, ff @ 20" players, until I started to play different roles. Early on last season I was placed in G1. My thought process was to just identify those on my team that were strong (could cs well, knew how to trade while csing, had good awareness, used their wards, knew enemy flash cd, and knew where the jungler would be) about 85% of the time in G1 only 1 teammate(besides myself) would be aware of these things. If all the other lanes had died pre 6-7 minute mark I would figure all hope is lost, because basically its 2v8.   However, after playing late game champs or hyper carry's I realized that early game your going to get stomped, but hopefully if you can mute all the toxicity and play it out you still have a 50-50 chance of winning. Once I changed my mind set i went on to lose G1 promos on main and smurf a combined 12 times before getting into P5 where i got lucky to promos and then skipped P4 to P3.
0	There's no reason to feel ashamed for what you're doing.  You obviously care about your mother, and that is respectable in the least.  I would suggest talking to a psychologist, dietician/doctor or other "professional" to see if there is any way you can get her more help.  Perhaps they may be able to help you find a potentially effective and ethical way to help her out.
1	I think both 2th and n01d34 have some points here. Yes, sometimes players need more practice in game, and you can only get experience from playing. However, there are also games against bots, which can be a good training tool for a weaker player. Granted, they aren't generally as strong as players, but they can give you some practice.   Also, some players need the additional instruction. Having links to builds and instructional videoes can benefit some players. If you are getting reported for being unskilled, this e-mail format could be more of a constructive criticism. For example, if you do terrible with Caitlyn repeatedly, having an e-mail that said, "Hey, we see you are struggling with Caitlyn. Here are some videoes/pages that might be useful... Last Hitting, AD Caitlyn build, Placing Snap Traps with Caitlyn." is far more useful to a player than, "Hey noob, you suck. Uninstall, never play again."   Personally, I used to be really bad at this game. I was fortunate that I had friends I lived with who were able to instruct me in the LoL. When I did get to play with them, there were times I would cost the team a win by going 0/10, but they knew I was trying my best. I was simply new to this style game. That is when they made me play bots, and they watched me play. They gave me tips for builds, how to position myself, etc. Finally, I was able to play in games with them again. I might not have been over .500 in k/d/a every game, but it was better than 0/10 consistently. Now, I am able to hold my own quite well in game.   So, from my experience, bots can be good to help less talented players build some experience, but guides can be equally important. Bots can only take you so far before you have to go back into real games. However, you can practice builds and last hitting in bot games, and when you think you have a decent enough grasp, then you should return to the regular games. With any luck you can get better.
1	You need to realize something: Having the best KDA of the team, doesn't mean you're the best player on the team. A 1/7 jungle Zac could easily be the best player in this game, if he set up 20 kills for the team, but died in every engagement. The stats won't show that (well, if you don't post assists at least).   Also.. If you can win your lane constantly, roam. Roam like fuck. Seriously. Winning the lane means, that you NEED to help your team, instead of cursing at them while doing nothing with the advantage you managed to get. Even though the botlane setup was... strange... you shoulda been able to grab some double kills there. Coordinate 4 man ganks with your jungler and botlane.   Also, play with the mindset of improving yourself, not to gain LP. Keep the fun and positive attitude up, instead of wasting time and energy being pissed off because of that 0/15 guy that lost you the game.
1	As a person that likes to main Sion I feel he's actually very well put together. (besides the passive, but i'll get to that) No matter which path you use all his abilities work very well together.   If you go Ap sion his E is still very useful as he farms massive amounts and soon gets a huge health buff. His ulti as ap is also very useful because you can beat down champs that try to burst you or that try to wither you down.   On the other hand if you go Ad Sion your shield can be used to stop large burst and to scare your opponent for safe last hits. Then his stun is great for an easy engage or to get that last hit on a dying opponent in a chase. And both of his paths have weak spots while still making up for it during a part of the game where they excel at. Ad for his great late game and Ap for his great early game countering abilities.   The only part about him that feels out of place would be his passive. However if you do the math it can be a difference between life or death early game. 40% chance to nullify 30 is really a large amount. If you take ten hits in a lvl one fight that's about 120 damage you blocked. The only thing that makes us feel it isn't any good is that we never see it take place or it feels like it never happens.
0	You're looking at this from the perspective of a lawyer, a very cold and systematic POV. The whole reason we give black and gay people any elevation is because we try to sympathize. For example gay people, we recongize that we've attcked them and in many ways try to beat the gayness out of them, we now want to encourage them so that they don't look to that past and judge themselves wrongly and think they have to be straight.   The reason we need to focus on gay rights is because 40+ states still limit their rights as people. Maybe we should have a sort of sexual parade, but the issue of sexual expression in general isn't as much of a problem as it is specifically for gays.
1	This.   Trist is a good champ to learn and level with, her ult's pushback and rocket jump escape should keep you relatively safe, even moreso once you unlock flash. And she's great at higher levels too, but she requires a lot of practice. Don't jump into a fight unless you're positive you'll get the kill.   Take exhaust if you're solo queueing . Then, if a Trynd or Yi jumps on you and you're unprotected you can exhaust him and kill him or escape. Exhaust is really super-effective against these squishy melee AD champions; read it's description. Don't use it for a slow. The damage reduction it applies is its main effect.   Trist also has a passive heal reduction to prevent these champions from lifestealing to 100% in a fight. It also has a DOT which if well-timed may be able to kill a Trynd who is attempting to escape after ulting, not sure on this one though.   Bloodthirster is very strong at these levels, as the lifesteal will keep you in fights and duels longer. This level is more about 1v1s than big teamfights in my experience.
0	I'm a chick, and farts are funny. I worked in an after-school program for several years. I also have severe IBS. We made the kids sit in lines according to their grade when we were transitioning activities. One day I had incredibly foul gas and didn't want to poison my coworkers, so I walked along the row with 1st grade and kindergarten and let it slip out silently as blanketed the entire line. It was fantastic. Every child was blaming someone different by the time I got back to the head of the rows. I clued in my co-workers and we sat back and enjoyed the show.
0	I'll start by explaining a bit. I've dated here and there for about five years, random hookups etc popping up whenever, but nothing "serious" since I was about 23. This girl I knew but not super well, and one night while out with mutual friends things sorta progressed. I am ridiculously busy with work and another project I'm trying to get off the ground but I give her time when I can (not just whenever I feel like it or anything like that).   Normally I wouldn't even bother the way my schedule goes but I like spending time with her blah blah emotions whatever. There's this odd push/pull there in that whenever things start to move towards that "define the relationship" talk everything just goes kinda haywire. I'm not pushing for the talk, I'm just kind of letting things ride out, but she keeps saying how I don't seem happy or whatever, which really isn't the case, and I'm not sure how else to communicate that.   I could very well just be oblivious to a really obvious issue here, but like the meme implies, I might just be out of practice with reading things on this level. So, there's that.
1	Fuuny. I tried to point out how consistent was better, if inferior, for our NA mid to be rather than regi's hit or miss cause hit or miss would likely backfire in all stars, and I get torn apart being told I'm an idiot and wrong and don't know and 'obviously havent followed lol esports long' and yadda yaddda. You say practically what I said, only slightly different wording, and don't get blasted :/. Dis community....
0	Hey Op, if you happen to bunny loop with alternating the loops, one going into the hole from the front, the other loop through the back and pulling at them simultaneously, you now have created a legit "bow".   You can make it look nicer and stuff, but most importantly, this method is both insanely strong when tied together but easy to remove.   I seen this method online a few years ago, I've 'bunny ear'd" it from then on in.   the other method will just result in you requiring to double knot or re-tie when it comes loose.   bonus points. Suck at wrapping gifts?  Take a sweet piece of ribbon and tie it using this method. A little practice but once you are able to make the loops the same size and the knot is perfectly in the center, its got quite the presentation.
0	While undergraduate education is  typically  billed as a four-year experience, many students, particularly at public universities, actually take five, six or even more years to attain a degree."   I briefly sifted through the Dept. of Ed. statistics, but I'm just going to say this -- if 60% of students get their degree within 6 years, it's likely that the other 40% have dropped out.  I don't have the numbers, but I think the percentage of those students that receive a degree more than 6 years after entry is probably not too great.  So, you have 40% of all undergraduates getting their degree within 4 years, and 60% doing it within 6.  If we assume that those are the only ones that receive degrees, then 2/3 of graduating students did it within 4 years and 1/3 did it in either 5 or 6.  Now you see what I mean?   Of course, there are students that receive a degree after 7 or 8 or 9 years, but it's not the remaining 40% or probably even 10%.
0	My parents were poor growing up, working 3 jobs during college to feed me and my brother (they got married while in college, then had us), then after graduating, started a construction company, worked hard, and now building a $750,000 house on a 3 acre plot they own. Anything is fucking possible, if you'll stop creating a bullshit "reality" where you think only the rich people get anywhere, and poor people can only stay poor.
0	I've already seen this exact meme posted before... kinda surprised it still works.
1	Seraph was a mistake in Dlifts eyes. Monte picked him, they went for it but they didnt know how he would synergize. Talked about 3rd place(last year) and subtly said he liked that roster but then talks about roster changes. Wishes they had Monte/A COACH full time. is good friends with aphro and Link. Doesnt even want to talk about regis comments on Monte being fake since according to him, blatenly false. Friendship is said 50x and there is a lack of it
1	Well for the point of the discussion. You can actually outrun a Nautilus ult. If you do it with nocturn But I'm not sure how it will work with TF. But basically I think if you can outrun it for about 5 seconds or something (not sure what the exact thing is, but is a number of either ticks or seconds) it basically just fizzles out or explode on da spot. Not sure what happens but you can find find youtube videos of someone attempting it.
1	As an ADC who both duos with a support and solos:     Ward more     More     MORE!       The best games I've had with random supports are the ones who warded a ridiculous amount and the most frustrating are the ones where the enemy team warded a frustrating amount. In bronze and silver everyone one wards river.   This is infuriatingly bad   90% of the time there should be a ward in tri and at dragon, not river bush. Ward tri at all times if you are blue, and at any time where you are past first lane bush as purple. If you are hovering around first lane bush and you have control of it, and they have control of the next bush, ward that bush.   Pink wards are OP. Buy a few? Only use them if you saw them place a fresh ward, then pink it properly.   Never pink outside of a bush to reveal a ward when you could pink inside of a bush. Pinking lane bushes is awesome. Mid game after one or two towers is down, ward up bot. This means all of bot. Never go warding alone ask for others to come with you to ward. If both towers are down bot and mid is up, ward dragon and their red (as purple) the idea is you want a wall of wards that stops anyone not in bot lane from getting into bot lane without passing a ward. Keep an eye on wards.   Stay in bushes. Like a lot of the time. In lane nothing frustrates me more than a support hanging out in lane when they should be hold a bush.   I assume you realize you shouldn't be CSing, hold a bush, it stops them knowing where you are, stops you from CSing, lets you realize if that bush is warded, stops them from taking the bush, etc etc.   Mid->late game, fucking ward. Ward. WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-  end steve carel gif   You should always have a sightstone, if you do not you are just some guy with GP5s in my lane. You should always have a pink. Mid game try and ward a general area, or cut off a section of the map (usually baron but it depends on towers) then try and get your sheep to group somewhere near an objective (a tower or baron) with your superior vision engage on the enemy team when they are in a bad position, kill a few, take baron win the game.   Keep a supportive attitude, never insult anyone ever. Try and tell someone good job whenever they do anything even remotely good. Try and pair any advice with a compliment. In Bronze and silver players raging is I'd say 30% of any given loss.   Pay attention to your CDs and your ADCs. If you are against Blitz and he misses his grab  he doesn't have his grab for 10-20 seconds  use this as an opportunity to ward somewhere or to poke the adc.   Try and zone their adc. If the enemy bot lane jumps on you and you can use all of your moves before they kill you and your ADC is close he should  easily  be able to kill both of them, all things considered. Don't CC the support (99% of the time). Exhaust on Alistar makes baby Nasus cry.   Be aware of minions, especially early game, I can't tell you how many fights I've won because I baited the enemy into a fight that they thought they had the advantage, and 10 seconds of fighting in a pack of my minions later they were both dead. Minions do crazy damage early laning phase, abuse this, and don't run a fowl of this.   Don't go balls deep unless it's very clear it will work  and  the reward far outstrips the risk.   Don't stack Sightstone and 2 Gp5s. Buy a fricken Aegis, or whatever you're into.   Learn bot lane synergies, if one more stupid fucker picks Blitzcrank when I'm ashe or Nidalee when I'm MF I'm gonna explode. Learn your ADC's cooldowns, if your MF just hit them with Q and 2 AAs and took a big chunk of their hp and they didnt even hit her back, now is  NOT  the time to engage. MF just used all of her moves, and well. Ezreal still has all of his, if you go in you'll just undo all the work your MF did. Play more than one support but focus on less than 4. Learn the proper ward spots. There are good ones and bad ones. Ask your ADC how he/she plays before going into lane. I tend to play hyper aggressive early as MF, as Ashe I'll try to get my early crit damage then I'll play pokey/passive, as Graves I like to get the early damage then wait for level 3 for an all in, etc, etc. Knowing this is useful. Buy another rune page. If you are against Kog'maw Lulu they are going to do a shit load of magic damage, your armour runes aren't so great. If they are Vayne their early game is weak, get magic pen runes up to shut her down. Be polite. Hold the fact that you're support to your chest a bit, offer it in team select to 'fix a conflict' as a 'favour' create good will, be the kind matriarch of the team, and you will inhibit strife and let people focus on the game. If two players are arguing and calling each other bad, say "Nah Player B is just frustrated, you're both good it's just a bad game" <- This phrase increases a games winrate by 4% (according to a statistic I just made up)   Watch the map. It's your job to call MIAs and ping. Yes they should have map awareness and so should your ADC, but generally your ADC is busy last hitting and can't type/ping, do it every fricken time and watch your wards religiously. Call mia and yellow ping the  general  area you think they may have gone in. Paying attention to this will also give you a good idea of how players move and how the game works. I can almost always tell where a player is going when they disappear off the map based on the situation. They're headed mid, or B, or their blue, or your red. Or mid is about to get ganked by jungler, or yada yada yada, it's all on your minimap, you just have to figure it out. In normals with friends I'm constantly saying "You're about to get ganked" to my top friend who likes to over extend while I'm in bot.   Be aware of what end of the game you want to be at. Vayne Ryze Poppy Thresh Cho'gath teams are going to win at 50 minutes if you haven't steam rolled them by then. MF Pantheon LB Blitzcrank Shaco team is going to lose if they havent crushed you within 30 minutes.   This goes double for your lane, Vayne's goal for the first 25 minutes should be not giving up more than 40 kills. MF and Draven's should be having no less than 20 (hyperbole). If their laning phase is way way stronger you aren't going to win a duel,  control your lane so they can't start a fight and farm until you start to surpass them. Alternatively if their carry is Vayne 'just farm' is not acceptable you and your adc need to work out the plan for pushing her out of lane.   The rest is mechanics/champion specific. Good luck
1	I had a friend get me into the game, but we ended up not actually playing until I was level 20. Anyways, being timid, I started off with bot games only and then eventually worked my way into TT. I probly went level 3 - 23 in TT only, until finally my friend wanted to play.   He told me to never go back to TT and get into SR from now on. My first games were awful as I had no idea how to jungle, lane, or contest objectives in a larger map, but I eventually got the hang of it.
1	I wouldn't count out Curse. TSM is playing hot and cold but 6 months is a lot of time to get better. I can only imagine that the longer WildTurtle is a part of the team the more cohesive and dangerous they'll be.
1	I'm D1 and I ban Draven in every game unless I have a teammate who wants him.  His damage in early trades is still huge, and he snowballs so hard if he manages to get an early kill.   [
1	To be honest, all you have to do is to play. Not every game is carriable, but most are.   When it comes to toxic persons, I either mute them or just let them play whatever they want, untill the tribunal has been worked out and/or a harder punishment-system has come to light.   I doubt someone's MMR is lower given the fact they're toxic though.   Also, judging by your match history, it's not like you're stomping your lane.
0	because women and men are still not on the same page in terms of equality. cunt is in reference to females or female genitalia, along with bitch. on the other hand, in the US, it's really common to talk about "having balls" which is a very positive thing because it enforces masculinity. to be called a bitch or a pussy, however, is emasculating. i would argue that calling anyone (man or woman) a cunt, is worse than calling someone a dick because being a man is seen as BETTER than being a woman. using these words only enforces that stereotype.
0	You know what's not helping  YOUR  cause?   That you couldn't be bothered to click a link and see the long list of scientifically peer reviewed papers that show a clear biological linkage between brain structure and gender identity... And why? OMG A BLOG POST HOW DARE I. Yes, how dare I link to a blog post, that obviously immediately invalidates the content contained within. Talk about sheer stupidity.   You keep on trying to delegitimize trans people as actually being members of their gender. You completely skip the part of science that shows how a person's brain is more a matter than anything else in the concept of a gender identity. Instead, you self righteously declare gender as being exactly a matter of something (chromosomes, I'm assuming) that it isn't. In your mind, gender is simple and easy to understand, 1 and 0, infallible, but actual science knows that it's quite more complex.   Obviously you couldn't be bothered with actual science because your ignorant opinions are right because they're yours. Yup, of course. It's always that way with you people.   So yeah, calling you names is pretty much my response, and why? Because you can't be fucking bothered to read and expand your mind on a topic that is well documented and understood by modern science. Instead, you come into the conversation with a closed mind and an inability to read let alone click a mouse, and you expect me to not sit here and think of you as a willfully ignorant asshole? I have to be tone policed because heaven forbid we respond to willful ignorance in something other than "oh you poor thing" when your willful ignorance is the  actual cause of the oppression we're fighting against .   Get real. The problem here is that you're trying to say trans people aren't the actual gender they are. Saying that immediately boats you into the asshole group of people and you're getting mad because trans people stand up for themselves in the face of pure fucking idiocy, but, the only way you'll listen is if we coddle your insanely willful ignorant opinions first. No, I don't think that will be happening.   Being effective is one thing. Arguing with close minded ignorant bigotted fuckwhits is another.
0	My husband and I were pregnant (not married at the time) when we were 18.  He finished college and I graduate today.  He is also a computer scientist.  When I asked him if it was his post he replied "nope, I make 94k a year" What an adorable asshole.
1	Hey man, you asked.   If you've actually been banned then these 2 cases were not the only thing you have on your plate. Either you've been punished before and this tipped the scales or a RIOT employee reviewed the other cases to your name and decided to place a time ban.   The Tribunal only shows a selection of all the reports, to even be in the Tribunal means that there are quite a few more reports to your name.
1	She needs base stat boosts; her weaker early clears is the only thing that's preventing her from being a so-called 'viable' jungler. All you did was add a bunch of smaller effects on her already clear abilities, and throwing bonus CC where it doesn't belong.   Arctic Assault should not become Unstoppable Force. Frozen Tundra makes her ganks stupidly good alongside Winter's Wrath and that passive. Her ult has always been a great part of her kit, and there's absolutely no reason to buff it whatsoever.   The three main problems with your rework are these:   1) You're underestimating what DoT + reduced healing can actually do. Ignite is a summoner spell sought after because of the healing reduction. It's a "what goes there, stays there" tool. If you have something that can immediately apply 4 stacks (Q into W into AA), you're effectively ignited and exhausted the enemy for a 2v1 gank.   2) You're reworking Sejuani into a constant hard  and  soft CC tank. This means that after the initial engage, they have to deal with knock ups, knock backs, slows, stuns, and more CC than is necessary for any character. Alistar and Leona, two of the champions with broken amounts of CC, only have a knock-up/knock-back and 3 stuns respectively, alongside a gap closer to engage (one of the abilities already mentioned). This change would give Sejuani a slow, a knock up, a gap closer, an augmented slow, an armor shred, an AoE stun, and all the while maintaining her HP scaling and high sustained damage.   3) Her kit would now have all these ridiculous intricacies with one skill applying 2 stacks, another applying 3 stacks, and it's not very easy to understand if you're just picking up a champion on the go. The best champion to compare stacks to is Kennen, and each of his skills applies 1 stack except for his ult, which makes it very clear how many stacks it applies and how it is applied.
1	teamfight synergy is not at all irrelevant... I had plenty of games which my former self would outright say "gg, surr 20" coz all lanes were lost, counterjungled etc... but i have witnessed so many games in the past months where we got crushed like kittens early on and then simply outplayed the opposing team not only with team synergy, but also very wellplayed strategies that we came up with, which is possible with people who really want to play for win... I've learned that there is  ALWAYS (ok, maybe exaggerated... lets say 90% of games) a chance to turn the tide and therefore never surrender until the nexus explodes.. Frankly, the same happens the opposite way aswell: We crushed them early on so bad that we just couldn't see a way for them to get out of their misery, but they did with decent gameplay and a good setup.
0	My grandpa has a gas tank on his farm to fill up trucks and farm equipment, and about a year ago he found out someone was stealing gas from him at night. Instead of staying up all night to catch him, he put a different kind of fuel in the tank one night, and the following morning he found the guy a mile down the road with a huge truck that wasn't working. I'm not sure what happened after that, but I know the guy had two black eyes the next morning. He stopped stealing gas from that day forth...
0	Yeah, I get the gist of what youre saying.  Do you?   >[because most vegans are vegans for ethical reasons...Most seem to assume that one would only be vegan for ethical reasons   Do you see the fallacy here?  I understand the tendency for this to occur, but that doesnt make it valid.   Because most people like chocolate, I could assume that everyone likes chocolate.  I would be wrong.  I can defend it however I want, but is simply and provably false.  I can say that you got the gist of what i meant, but what I said is still wrong.   I realize that the " most ...assume that one would only be vegan for ethical reasons" was my statement originally, and now youre in the position of defending a statement that you didnt even make in the first place.   Honestly, I'm confused about what youre arguing for.
1	I was duoqueing with my support friend in the bot lane and the singed is telling us how riot banned hik and his wife divorced him a week before. Over the course of the game the enemy zac is flaming the singed for doing poorly in his lane. Singed had had enough and told the enemy team about his situation. He was cursing and flaming at the enemy ,then zac saidsomethingl that made me and my duo que crush the enmy team. " no wonder your wife left you youre a total shit". Needless to say singed was pissed me and my duo que ended up not dying a single time that game. Zac got reported and singed was thanking us for the win he said it really brightened up his day.
0	I have to tell myself this every damn time! I'm currently waiting to ask a girl out, but I've been feeling it out for a couple weeks if she feels the same.   The strangest situation I've had is asking a girl out, and being crushed by the rejection. I moved on after a surprisingly short time once the door was closed though! Over a year later SHE asked ME out. I thought I'd jump all over it, but it was easy to say no! It's amazing how much better it is to get it over with than to harbour those feelings.
0	As someone who ISN'T a dick, and has a mom who is a teacher.. Seriously, you are awesome... You get paid dick to work harder than most people realize.. Your homework took you an hour and a half to do? Boo-fucking-hoo. It took the teacher a few hours to grade. Every. night. I work at Sprint and make as much, if not more than my mom does. And she works 100x harder.   She worked in an "inner-city" school for a while.. And she has a big heart.. SHe would come home and bawl her eyes out because of how some of these kids lived their life.. And how if effected them on a daily basis.. So she went out of her way to pay extra attention to them..   My favorite story she told me was when the teachers were all in a line (for some reason, I can't remember), and one kid (in fucking 5th grade) stood up and pointed at each teacher (think Half Baked), and said "I'd stab you, stab you, (pointed at my mom) wouldn't stab you, stab you..." That same kid was failing every class at the beginning of the year... And every teacher (and the principal) had literally given up on him.. If you tried to touch him, he'd flip the fuck out. By the end of the year, he was passing every class, and would hug my mom..   Seriously.. That happened..   Now.. What were you people saying about how teachers have it easy, and know what they signed up for..?   EDIT: Yes. I know I sound like a prick here.. But god dammit.. My mom went back to college at the age of 40 to pursue her dream of getting a degree and becoming a teacher. She worked her fucking ASS off to become one.. Only to get shit on when she graduated. She finally got a job in a middle school 30 minutes away from where we lived. We moved to the middle of nowhere so she could be closer to her school. She was so enthusiastic, and the students LOVED her (they fucking looked her up in the phone book and would call just to say hi, how many fucking middle schoolers do you know would do that? We unlisted our number because it was inappropriate). Her students excelled. Did she get praised? Nnnnope. She got shunned by the teachers who were so deep in middle school mentality that they literally formed a "clique", and didn't like the fact that students liked her so much more than them.. Yes, this sounds like complete bullshit, but if you met my mom once, you'd understand.   So. she was forced to get a job at Lowes because there were hardly any schools around where we moved to, and NO ONE was hiring. Then she started at the inner city school like an hour away. Completely blew everyone away at how well she did, only to get laid off 2 years later because she was one of the first to get hired on.. Even though there were several teachers who were begging for early retirement.   So. Before you say "They knew what they were getting into." No, the fuck, they don't. My mom does NOT regret what she did, because she KNOWS how much she impacted these kids.. But was it worth it? She may say yeah.. But FUCK NO it wasn't. So yes. I am extremely bitter.. Because I've seen the sweetest woman in the world get shit on for being too ambitious, and trying too hard. This pulls at my heart strings. You people saying "Psh, they know what they signed up for" makes me rage.. No.. they..don't. And if most of them did, they would not be teachers.   My best friend is in school to be a teacher right now.. And I cannot bring myself to tell her this because I don't want to be the one to ruin her hopes and dreams. Also, I know she wont believe me. It's way too unbelievable. But it is 100% true. Every word.
0	I am probably too late for this to be seen but I work for Nabisco and I can tell you that they probably haven't actually been put on the shelves in most stores.   Instead they are going to be in a hutch or some sort of display around the grocery area in your local store. If you live in AZ you are most likely going to find them in a Walmart but I am starting to see them come in at Safeway and Winco.
0	I've always been awesome with papers as they give me more control of the matter, exams are what I hate and especially in engineering it is hit and miss on whether you get a decent teacher or not.   I don't mind spending a whole day working on a paper since I can handle that.  I just can't stand indiscriminate cramming and memorizing formulas for exams.  The classes that were the most challenging to my classmates but the easiest to me were the ones that had open-note exams and big projects.  Part of the reason I hate chemistry classes is due to the huge amount of rote memorization.   On the 3-5 hour a week quote: this was my dad's 4th masters after getting two PhD's and doing research with the army for a number of years.  He could have probably done it in his sleep.
1	Imagine this. You just bought Cleaver and BT. You have an Amumu on your team and he ults the enemy team and then you ult.
0	If you've ever worked public service like as a firefighter, emt, paramedic, police or even being a teacher you understand why they're racist. At the same time, the situation is so complicated that you cannot merely blame the victim. Why is this black homeless schizophrenic on the streets shooting up? He exists in a system where his probably single mother did not have the time and/or resources to address his needs, to address mental health, so his issues go unchecked. He self-destructs and is not given a second chance in a society that finds people expendable. Why give this guy a job when there's 10 other people willing to push buttons at walmart? How can you stay motivated and sober in such a situation? The fire/rescue guys see it day in and day out and grow immune to it, just another crackhead / junkie / alcoholic who self-destructs, great. Even just looking at different classrooms in the same HS, you see disparity between the races. You see the white kids in the IB program with supportive doting parents, money in the bank, sending their kids to ivy league; he might be a little shitbag for all we know but he's going somewhere. Then the brown girl in the on-level class who works retail to buy herself a MK bag so she can have nice shit is too busy fixing her hair and clothes to pay attention. The impulse is to think this girl is a dumb hoochie, but you realize that if the context she was in was different she wouldn't end up like that. Of course she's obsessed with her shit, she worked hard for it, but if the white boy breaks the ipad he gets a new one. You're asking for poor people who have nothing to give up material wealth and find some inner inspiration to excel and surpass people who have everything.   I don't know if anyone of you've suffered depression but imagine a whole culture that has depression, low self-esteem, low self-worth and tell them to "snap out of it". It doesn't work that way. You need systematic widespread change over a long period of time to see any appreciable change, and because most people become apathetic to these issues, or in the case of OP, become racist, we don't get the progress we need. Racism isn't necessarily without basis, but I think if you have a deeper understanding of the other party's situation you wouldn't be as dismissive.
1	I think they have a struck a fantastic balance.   PD is a superior item, but the build path is more expensive and it doesn't offer the waveclear of SS.   If you're behind with a zeal, it's often worth it to snag the SS for the earlier powerspike rather than snag a cloak of agility and keep saving for your PD.   Let's say you're a Vayne on a low waveclear team. The early game hasn't gone well for you, and now you are being seiged under your tower. Shiv is the perfect item for this.   Plus shiv builds out of Avarice blade, an item more and more players are snagging early for the passive extra gold and then finishing into a Ghostblade or SS later in the game.
0	You can have a "crossfit" training program that gets you pretty damn strong with the endurance aspect as well.  You can have a "traditional weight training" program that gives you close to the same results.  Alternatively, you can have a "crossfit" and "traditional" program that gives absolutely shitty results.  It all comes down to who is doing the programming and if they understand a thing or two about energy systems and such.  I personally center my training around getting stronger all the time, in which you can't really go wrong.  I throw crossfit into that as it is a fun way to get cardio/muscular endurance training in (just don't go overboard, maybe 2-3 metcons per week) and I love the competitive aspect.
0	Retired military person here - I don't think honoring Veterans and recognizing their service/sacrifice promotes war; people join the military for different reasons and have very different experiences.  We're not all heroes and I -- quite honestly -- met anyone during my time in the military who  WANTED  to go to war.  Yes, we will do what is necessary to defend our country and we absolutely want to stand with our unit in good times and bad.  We know that we succeed more easily as a team.   Whether or not a person spent time in battle under enemy fire isn't necessarily a discriminator.  We served and the potential for us to answer a higher call is part of the deal.  We all gave and will continue to give, but the level of giving will always vary.  Some will give more and you may or nay not see the price they paid -- some lose limbs, or their mind, or their life.  Others serve relatively uneventful terms of service and go on to rejoin civilian life.  Yes, there are many big, damn heroes among the ranks of those who served and a lot of us who gave much to serve our country.  They do deserve our thanks for being there to defend our freedom, our country and our way of life.  We got things in return though too -- that's part of the bargain.  We had opportunities for travel, to go to school, to learn to become leaders, to learn skills.  We earned a paycheck and received benefits.  The government agreed to take care of us for our service.   As a personal example - I joined because I came from a broken family and didn't have the guidance and leadership at the time to help me plan my future.  My high school grades were crap and I had no idea what I wanted to do when I grew up.  A friend of mine joined and when on a whim to talk to the recruiter.  I originally planned for a "four and out" career, but ended up staying nearly 22 years.  I saw the world, got an amazing education (just finished my doctorate) and have a great after-military job (I work for the VA now).  In fact, one of my military-brat daughters is in the military now and could be making this a family tradition.  I owe the military a lot as it has gone a long way toward making me the man I am today.   We who have served generally are proud to have done so, regardless of the branch we were in or the job we held.  We hear our service song and we stand a little taller as it plays.  We snap our sharpest salute as the American flag passes or the national anthem plays.  Sure, I bet there are some people who  DO  join the military for the chance to be in combat, just as others join for travel, education, experience, a paycheck, family tradition, a sense of patriotism or what have you.  We each have our own reasons and I don't think it's fair to clump us all into a group of wanting to wage war.   Regardless of our personal reason for joining the military, we were there to serve our country -- that's you and me.   The bottom line, to me, is that those who serve honorably deserve our thanks.  I understand my perspective is different because I've been in the military and it might be more difficult for one who has not shared that experience to understand the challenges inherent with military service.  Thanking a Veteran for his or her service doesn't mean we're more willing to wage war.  We're thanking that person who raised their hand and volunteered, for whatever reason, to participate in the war if our nation's leaders determined that choice of action.  The military doesn't decide on war -- that's left to the president and the congress.  We have civilian leadership and a commander in chief who are responsible for those decisions.  The military and the people serving in it do not make policy -- we just stand ready to enforce it when called upon.   I see Veterans every day who gave of themselves to one degree or another to serve our country.  Most of them don't ask for thanks for their service -- it was part of the bargain -- but I've never seen one who didn't appreciate a thank you and a hand shake.
0	She was a electronics department manager but she stepped down when she couldnt get a raise because of the cap and when a customer spit in her face. Just a cranky old man was mad about something and spit in the face of the nearest Walmart employees. The managers didnt do anything about it.   Long story short she got fed up and took a 2 $ cut in pay to work as a zone stocker in 3rd ship and quickly  was told she wouldn't get any more money because she is capped at that job too.
1	One solution I have is disable your graphics cards then re-activate them. It won't hurt them or your system. I had major Fps issues during 4.21 and so on then I did that to try and fix another and after doing that it fixed my league Fps issues. I now run everything maxed on my laptop and get 60-70. I recently had to turn them down to medium because I had issues, but I think that was league being a shitter.
0	here's a bunch of different views on this topic (top one is a pretty easy, quick read if you just wanna
1	Zac's E is is an instant interrupt/CC only when casted from close range. You have fast CC (like Leo's Q) OR you have medium range initiation (like Leona's E) with half-channeled jump. These two E's usage can be quite good in lane, that's right, but as they are the same skill, have shared, very long cooldown early. These two usages are quite hard do avoid, that's true. 2nd one, tho, can be interrupted by any snare or hard CC. Good Leo, Zyra, Thresh, Janna, Annie and Morg can deal with it easily. Long range E is actually quite easy to avoid, if maintaining proper vision and being aware of Zac's positioning. Also, if you're trying to initiate as Zac, in most cases, you leaves your carry without proper peel. And when you try to stick to carries and initiate from this position, you're prolly in vision, so it can be interrupted with ease or just avoided by fast disengage.   He is way less tankier in all-ins (Leo's have better base defensive stats outside of HP, but she's not using HP as resource!), and when I agree that he gets pretty good sustain, he needs to use his abilities to get it. When you use abilities, you shows your enemy when he can initiate on you. Also, when using them on minons, you push lane pretty hard, which opens you versus jungler ganks. When using them in fights, it's way too unrealiable to catch blobs, esp. that  abilities cost you only a bit lower amount of health.   About Spirit Visage, yeah, it's nice, but what about times when you need to get Mikael's? What about AD teams? Isn't Randuin's better? What's more - when and how you get gold for it? You need to get that FotM, ruby sightstone, pinks, upgraded red trinket, prolly mercs. during this time Leona's W will get her shitload of EHP with same HP items.   Ok, so let's now do some math. Let's assume same runes and masteries giving 20AP. Level 3 4-second all-in (everything to give Zac chance, Leo's can deal her damage load in about 1.5 sec, can also go for cheesy AD runes+doran's start):   >Zac: E+Q+W+later W, also up to 3 autoattacks with base ASpd:   80+70+40+40 (+1.2AP) flat magic damage; 8(+0.02AP)% enemy max HP; 3*64(+bonusAD). Skill damage is AoE, so let's assume that you hit 2 of them. It's..  508+16.8% enemymaxHP magic damage, 192 physical damage . Not bad, but you need to do everything perfectly!   >Leona: E+Q+delayed W. Q is double autoattack reset (it resets animation after cast, and makes attack animation after shield bash way faster). So, with base attack speed you can get about 5 autoattacks. Let's assume only 2 procced passives (from E and W), you don't really have 100% chance to be sure that your ADC will be good enough to deal damage between your E and Q.   So, it's 60+40+60 (+1.1AP) flat magic damage; 5*64(+bonusAD); 2 passives = 70 magic damage. E and W are AoE, so we count it's damage and passive damage as doubled. It's..  458 flat magic damage; 320 physical damage.  Pretty good too!   Which one is higher? Zac deals 50 more flat magic damage, but loses with 128 physical damage. Enemy need to have at least 470 maxHP avarage for Zac to deal more damage. In most cases it's true, and he doesn't need ADC help to deal his damage load. Problem is, the difference is close to 30-40 damage in best possible scenario for Zac. Enemy is stacked, all your skill hits them both, trade last long enough for you to catch blobs and get 2nd W off. Great. Not gonna happen in normal game tho, what's more - even with best case, Leona's stun is longer than knockback on 2 champions combined. And you alse get snare on Zenith Blade. You can CC anemy ADC for longer than Zac, meaning that it's in vulnerable position AND can't unload his damage.   OK, OK, I'm close to end of this rant - ultimate. I agree that Zac's R is better in some cases than Leona. It deals more damage, breaks slows on him, gives him free sustain and is way harder to avoid. But. You need to be close to enemy to us it. You can't use it as peel tool for your 2nd carry without flash. You can't use it as followup initiation without jumping in and tanking. It's a bit more reliable in catching enemies off guard bc of this. You don't need to charge E, show enemy that you want to initiate, and after 1.5sec channel jump in and ultimate. You just press button and catch person off guard. You don't need to stun, slow is enough to follow up in most cases. With much lower cooldown. So low colldown, that sometimes it's good way to zone enemy off dragon pit. Or just use it to burst someone in late laning phase.
0	shit, i was thinking you have to get her a mothers day present, but then i realized you're not married yet
0	I'm a vegetarian, and I've held a 3000-3500kcal diet for a few months, with about the same protein intake as yours. I've put on 10kg of weight during this time.   I drink milk, so that helps, but I could also pretty much substitute it for soy milk (since it still contains a bunch of proteins), and then eating beans, meat substitutes, bulgur, quinoa, peanut butter and so on is no problems at all.
1	You can do it still. It fell out of favor because if you dont focus around evolved W the mana demand of khazix isnt that high. If you want to poke a lot with your evolved W it is amazing because it solves your mana issues early. The problem is that it takes a bit to ramp up, but it gives you way stronger mid to late game which is something I value over the earlier powerspike in soloq, because I am likely to get to more items where building a Muramana really helps. It gets me better executes and it is extremely cost efficient, which is something that is very important where I want to perform to my strongest with the limited gold pool i have as a jungler. Admittedly I play a fairly farmheavy jungle.
0	How does this kill someone in the future? This is a simple case of survival of the fittest. Lets compare our immune response to football (American football for our friends overseas). Lets say we are on defense and want to prevent the run game. Additionally, imagine the teams in 1920 uniforms. Our bodies prevent the run by tackling and blocking the runner. Since we're wearing leather padding, we don't hit as hard as we would like to but it is effective even though we may be a bit bruised after the game. The next game, we've learned the offensive plays quite well and block and tackle and take our bruises. The next game, we are sneaky and put on some synthetic padding and a stronger helmet and we start hitting harder. We get less bruised in the end and the other team gets decimated. Well, the other team are not idiots and at the next game they begin to wear stronger padding... and so on and so on. A microscopic arms race ensues. I take time and sit with my patients and try to explain that we didn't start saving lives with antibiotics because of treating colds but by treating dirty wounds and severe illnesses (like pertussis, pneumonia, kidney infections etc). Hell, even the new recommendations for ear infections is to let the body fight it off! The problem is that over the past 40 years, we've come accustomed to going to the doctor's office when we're sick, getting a pill (antibiotic) and then feeling better in 7-10 days. Guess what? The average viral illness last around 7-10 days. In the end, the bacteria get stronger and we struggle to develop ways to counter them.   I also remember reading something about there is no enough R&D in the antibiotic field because of funding. Can someone who is "in the know" expound on that?
1	I agree but reddit does a decent job at not showing these kinds of posts.   The mods however remove stuff that the community have upvoted and enjoys. This is just plain dumb to remove something that has been uppvoted and prooven to be liked my the majority.
1	Hmm okay, these are 3 completely different champs:     Yorick: He has high sustain and poke, but dont underestimate his 1v1 straight up fighting power. Just max E as Nid, keep healing, harass him, as he pokes you and try to trade well, use the brushes to your advantage. Don't try to full out engage pre lvl 6. After it will be pretty much decided by who got poked how much by the other. The one with less life is more likely to loose a straight up 1v1.     Jayce: Nearly same mechanics but he got no natural sustain. He has pretty good poke and a very good straight up 1v1 fighting kit. So again keep poking, use the brushes to deny vision, keep healing yourself and don't fight all in pre 6. Again the one with lower hp is more likely to win a straight up 1v1 fight.     Darius: He is more like a all in champion, his only poke is his q, try to avoid that by csing in human form and you should be fine, keep poking him and healing yourself and if hes low enough try to engage on YOUR terms! But keep in mind his ult does ~300/600/900 true damage on 6/11/16, he has a very very strong all in kit.
0	This is gonna sound really cheesy, but make sure you're always doing something that excites you.   I discovered a passion for designing pretty web pages when I was in high school, and that has since snowballed into a passion for all things web development. I started off learning simple HTML, and now picking up new technologies and techniques excites me. I'm a full-stack web developer, with experience in other areas (sysadmin, devops, engineering)   In the tech field, a passion for learning is key. Technologies are always changing - the internet just turned 25 - so being able to keep up with best practices and staying excited about growing your skillset are my two biggest pieces of advice (and I imagine this applies to just about any field of work, not just tech)   I assume as a high schooler you're looking to go to college. College is a great choice, because you will grow as a human being more than you've ever thought possible. Speaking strictly professionally, however, the experience you'll get from challenging internships and actual work experience will most likely eclipse what you're going to learn in a classroom. After my sophomore year (undergrad) most of what I learned was elective/existential. There are pros and cons to either side of college, but if you dedicate yourself to always being challenged and always growing, you'll be the most successful person possible either way*
0	I'm sorry, but I LOL'd and if you could provide a pic (with faces blacked out if you wish) for further amusement, that would be awesome.
0	That's because Man invented God, and is free to modify him when needed to keep the idea alive. By being able to adapt with a changing society, the idea of a god has stayed relevant to a modern culture.   That's why you see each generation of theists attend revivals and evangelical meetings, each a little different from the last. These successive generational waves bring with them new churches and demographics, sometimes even branching off into a new denomination, with which we are somewhat near 10,000 these days. That's how Catholicism and the Protestant Christian denominations split a few centuries ago.   On a larger time scale, God concepts can change enough within certain cultures that it crosses the line into a different religion. An example would be the branching of the Christian religion from the Jewish religion.   A slow evolution or sudden events could cause these separate religions, which were once based on the same concept of a God, to become so dissimilar that this God is no longer considered the same character. This process is well into effect between the Islamic and Jewish\Christian religions. Some people claim that Allah and the God 'of Christianity' are not the same God, while others hold the idea that it is the same God, just worshipped differently. They are well on their way down diverging paths.   In the early years of Human civilization, merging cultures sometimes combined God concepts. You might be surprised to hear that Hebrews began as a polytheistic culture after combining the separate deity concepts of Yahweh and El. There is little doubt the ancient Hebrews believed in many gods, but gradually a single Skygod became supreme among them eventually excluding their existence altogether. What we have in the Bible is edited material striving to wipe out the old polytheism
1	He answered the questions the way he had to. He is a representative of Riot and has to do everything he can to make them look good and please us at the same time.     He didn't answer the question because the majority of us don't want to hear "Well people don't ever spend RP on 4800 champs so we were losing money"     Again we don't want to hear "People spend RP on 3150 champs just as often as 6300 champs so why change it?       These are just two examples of what could quite possibly be reality, but less people will play a game with that type of publicly exuded mentality. In the long run, they don't want people paying top dollar for everything. What they really want is the most possible players, because that is what truly makes the big bucks. 100 people spending $10 is not as good as 500 people spending $5.
1	They are still individually strongest. But yesterday you could tell that they still had some teamwork problems that had to be worked on. Their rotations and decisionmaking was abit off :) Thats
1	Yeah, he's blaming OP for something he hasn't done. Riot has the system set up so that you should punish for what you think is punishable and pardon when you believe the person has done nothing wrong. So from one person from the other, the reasons for punishing differ greatly.   ^^^^^.   From [FAQ Question #7](   Why doesnt Riot post a list of rules for what you can be banned for?   We believe in giving the community what it needs to define itself and that includes what is acceptable or unacceptable behavior. Any rules provided by Riot Games could unnecessarily influence the community.   ^^^^^.   The [Tribunal Guidelines guideline #9]( states that you should Pardon when you believe the person has done nothing wrong.   Understand what "Pardon" means   "Pardon" means that you believe the player doesn''t deserve to have any action taken against them based on the evidence in the case. This will not excuse them from future reports or bans.   ^^^^^.
1	Nope. The LP you end at when loosing a promo depends on how many games you lost during the promotion series and how many LP you lost for each game lost.   During promotions, you still win/loose LP.   If you win your first game, since you are at 100 LP already, it doesn't change. But if you loose one and then win one, you can be around 100 again, even if it doesn't show (although i think LolKing shows your LP even during promotion series, but i'm not sure about it).   By the way, if you go in promo and loose your 2 first games, you'll end with less LP than if you would have lost 1, win 1 and lost the 3rd (because the win would have give you some LP and cover for the LP lost from first game).   In addition, for BO5 promos, you can have 3 looses and then end up at lower LP than after a BO3 (cause BO3 are 2 looses at max).
1	It doesn't matter how balanced the game is, at the most competitive level people are always going to pick whatever is the very best, even if the difference between a tier 1 and tier 2 pick is minuscule. Balancing a game to have a large number of competitive picks is pretty much impossible unless you make all the champions virtually identical.
1	After watching the replay I think the problem was that you were being super aggressive but you had no damage to back up your aggression. Since you leveled up mega adhesive instead of fling you probably shouldn't been aggressively trying to flip opponents since it doesn't do enough damage to be worth the risk. This is especially true with your fight with GP around the 20 min mark where you go in and your flip barely takes down a single bar of his HP.
1	The one thing i HATE the most about all of season 3 is that while Riot did try to buff the adc pool, they went to far and have done nothing to fix it. Quinn was a nice attempt at something different but either you love her(me) or you think she's shit. 6 and a half months later they release lucian, weak at the time cuz mana issues. Then sivir rework made her viable again. Corki got buffed before worlds and nerfed after. Jinx RUINED the adc metagame. With her release we went from Ashe Caitlyn Corki Ezreal Graves Kog'maw(sometimes) Miss Fortune(sometimes) Tristana Varus Vayne, to Jinx Lucian Sivir all the time with a random Caitlyn now and then.
1	I just don't fucking understand the theory behind riots' "say we are buffing something but in reality its truly a nerf". If you think Veigar was overpowered and needed to be nerfed, say it. But don't say you are "walking a razors edge" and "giving compensations for DFG" and then have the numbers and adjustments mostly be nerfs.
0	Have to be very blunt here. I'd have mad respect for anyone serious about trying to lose weight and become healthy. What I loathe is the 'new years resolution' people. They aren't serious, it's a fad. If they really wanted to better themselves they would have been in the gym weeks/months before not waiting for a specific day as the starting line.
1	Personally I think the main problem is not the system, but the players inside it. Players who play often (3-5 games a day) and the players that don't play enough (1-5 games a week) are going to play at different levels of skill, even if they're both in Silver II.   Anyone can win their placement matches by other means than themselves carrying (Being carried themselves, someone on the enemy team D/C or rages, ect.) and once they get put in Silver II, they then stop playing ranked for a few days so they lose out on keeping their mechanics up to scratch. Where as the guy who's been grinding since Silver V to Silver II then encounters an inactive player on his team that's played 30 ranked matches over the period of 2 months is going to be at a disadvantage.   The league player base is so large that these 'inactive' players are going to show up every few games. This is more prominent at Silver league because it's the area of which you either fall into two categories:     I want to improve     I don't want to improve       The people who want to get to gold and upwards will play at their best and stay focused through out the game. The people who just don't care and play ranked because they (EXAMPLE) just wanted to get their role instead of a free for all in a normal lobby (Lots of other examples, I'm sure you can name a few yourselves).   Also, there are the people that have just logged on for the first time today after a long day at work or school and are still a little derpy when playing because they haven't warmed up in an ARAM or Normal. The first game you play will generally be your worst because it's the longest time you've gone without playing.
1	I disagree. I Played about 180 warwick games in Diamond during this past season with a winrate of 70% so stating that he wasn't that strong before would be inaccurate. It's more that people didn't know how to build warwick to make him a success. Now considering the new smites and the fact that most of the junglers don't gank as often as before means that hitting level 6 without much threat is much easier. Now considering you can get a free ff+10 item for only 2.2k amps up your damage tremendously. You spike a lot sooner in terms of solo dmg.
0	My parents were engaged in high school.  Started dating when my mum was 15 and my Dad was 17.  Got married on my mum's 20th birthday on Dec 30th 1985.  Happily married to this day.
1	That was the worst
1	FYI: RP is for champions, IP is for runes. Try your hardest to save ALL your IP while you are leveling up. At level 20 you unlock Tier 3 runes (the best you can get). By that time you'll have enough runes for 2 basic sets of them.
1	I disconnected from a game 4 hours ago and haven't tried to get back on cause of the rage. For whatever reason I make it to champ select. Once its ready, I get the firewall error from Riot's end of tech.   I feel like most people wont get loss forgiveness because there are sooo many players have been dealing with this problem.
1	I mean I see how in general a lot of people do use the same actives/spells, but I also think that there must be people like me out there who don't follow the same pattern always. Like I do have some small pattern, but I do randomly sometimes not follow it for whatever reason. Trying something new or cause of items or etc. etc. I could just see how someone could be changing the setup, and just happen to get a few more wins/losses and be called a booster.   Like if your D stops working if you spill water on it, so you change the setup for awhile. You improve and go up a few divisions, then get a new keyboard and so you can switch back. That would look suspicious.
1	You don't need an ID for Garena, you only have to download the client and register. For the registration you only need to input your desired username, password and email (any email will do, as long as it's not taken. Or you can try any random one, hoping its available). Then you have to change your IP in the Garena settings for the location you want to play LoL. Like SG/MY, PH, Taiwan, Vietnam, Russia or Indonesia. Oh and, you have to download the respective LoL client for the server you want to play in.
0	Being tall and considerate with terrible eye sight makes this an awkward situation...I'd be fine with sitting in the back, but I can't see. Generally I'll ask the person behind me every few minutes if they can see, but then I just feel like I'm pestering them and it'd be better if I just kept my mouth shut.
1	Not a LoL player, so my best suggestion is to show them a slow/easy game. as someone who doesn't play LoL, every teamfight looks like a fuckfest to me, even if i try very hard to recognize the spells and abilities.
1	i think gaming is still a little too young (at least in the west) to have much if any psychiatrists but maybe soon as the generation comming now is filled with gamers, i know some nurses and such that play league though, but for me personally i think its made me better, i used to be a person that thought i couldnt get anywhere in life because of other people/situations when i seriously started wanting to learn this game first thing i learned was the reason i cant win is because of myself. At first i only applied that to this game still hating my life and things that happened in it but once that concept really sunk in i realised it just didnt apply to this game but to basicly everything, nothing is completely out of your control (maybe only some genetic things.. maybe) and if theres something wrong with my life its cause im directly not actively trying to improve/change it so i feel league helped improved my mental state a great deal and my life has been going on a far better track then it had been before i played league
0	But keeps you sane. I've maintained a loss of between 2 and 6 lbs per week since January of this year and I cheat Friday evening til Sunday bedtime, drinking un healthy amounts of beer and eating whatever I want whenever I want, frequently at the same time. This is the longest I've maintained an attempt at a diet and I credit cheat days heavily for it.   However I have found my cravings now a days compared to before are completely different. They ranged from donuts, pizza and wings in the beginning to mostly just bread in its various incarnations (one time I was craving pumpernickel rye specifically). I still crave burgers a lot though.   Doing anything cold turkey doesn't work for most, allowing yourself to cheat without  feeling like it's all gone to shit when you do will ensure you maintain your progress in the long run.
0	Yeah, I think it's ridiculous that this is the assumption.  I already posted this in reply to a semi-buried comment in here, but I'll throw it here for discussion purposes:   (Cheaters suspect people of cheating:) Untrue.   Source: In my teens and half my twenties I cheated on pretty much every person I had a relationship with. (Yes, I was a bad person. Somehow I was always able to justify the act in my mind.) One of my past GFs most common complaints? I was never jealous. Ever. I knew if I could cheat, then they also had similar opportunities, but I never had any reason to suspect it and I absolutely value people's privacy so don't snoop into shit.   On the other hand, I don't believe catching someone with proof of their infidelity is needed to leave someone. If you are already questioning whether somebody is faithful, and you continue to do so even after being reassured, the relationship just isn't worth it. Leave for your sake or theirs.  If you are constantly being accused and are not fooling around, same goes for you.
1	I'll go back to the original post then. It WOULD be possible to track wards, albeit not very accurately and you could have this stat added, but as everyone else in this post has already said, it would be very meaningless. Just read the rest of the posts for reasons why the stat isn't needed.
1	No.   Imagine this scenario: You are in challenger, placed #33. Your MMR is, let's say, 2750. However, someone in challenger is having a slump! His name is SlumpGuy and he is on rank #50 with an elo of 2600.   A lot of people are spamming ranked games near the end of the season. As it turns out, you just need a higher MMR than SlumpGuy to qualify for challenger. The flaw is that multiple people can get a series off of slump guy. There's 40 people who hit an elo between 2600 and 2680 now! Those 40 people are potentially getting series off of SlumpGuy and a few people above him, only 5 or 6 people at max. 21 of those 40 people win their challenger series. This now means that ranks #29-#50 are now occupied by people who have 2600-2680 elo. You are OUT of the league, even though you had 2750 elo, meaning you had a higher MMR than those people.   "No problem", you say - "My MMR is still higher than them, so I can get back in by playing a series" - Nope. You can't. People with MMR even higher than yours got kicked out of challenger and you have to get even higher Elo than rank #28 to actually qualify FOR RANK #50. This is because of the immunity period.   All in all, it is very possible and does happen right now that you lose your challenger spot to someone who has lower hidden elo than you. This should not be the case and this is why the system is flawed. (And, for example, BoxBox had a slump in challenger during his immunity period. This immunity period ended recently and a ton of people got promo series off of him - yes, this is actually happening.)
1	Sorry but criticism in a competitive game sometimes is necessary, albeit he was a little harsh THAT'S OK. This game isn't rated C for Carebear it's T for Teen, his language usage was totally fine for a competitive game. He did not continuously flame he did it lets say 5 times not even flaming just saying in response to ezreal what he was doing wrong. Not as retaliation but to try to get the point across as best he could so as to win the game. The ALL CHAT is not ban worthy at all it's annoying but I don't see him abusing anyone, or harassing anyone to such a point it's punishable. Of you say WTF dude why didn't you grab that, and the guy says fuck you, and you say ok muted. That's not harassment. Adding an insult to injury is not ok when someone does but if the team is trying to explain and you've been saying it all game you're justified in saying as well has that person listened it would have been on such as this guy did.
1	The first game S@ TSM vs AZF was 14/17, while the 2nd game was 12/18. They would of easily won the first game if Azubu didn't look at their screen, it would of been an easy 2 kills at the start of the game since Azubu was going to duo top. A big change that would of made, and they setup everything to back up their gameplay. Once the enemy knows your plan you're done.   In S2 TSM was a leading team to face, azubu wasn't that big as TSM was, and TSM had practiced for S2 nonstop. If you judge teams as being stronger, then TSM was definitely at the top with M5 and TPA. I am a dignitas fan, and I don't know much of TSM's history, but they made it to the final games for the S2 championship's, and Azubu took that lead and denied them a fair victory.
1	Me and some friends were playing a normal, and were getting beat pretty bad. I had said as a joke to them, "the only way we're gonna win this is if their entire team disconnects". A few seconds later 4 our of 5 of them disconnect, leaving a poor lone kassadin to fend for himself. Needless to say we steamrolled over him and won.
0	Try doing any meaningful cancer research without using any primary tissue culture. I fucking dare you. HELA lines can only get you so far.   Edit: Animals are euthanized when harvesting primary tissue cell cultures (they would not survive it)
0	The problem is that you can repeat this piece of advice ad nauseum but it will never sink in until somebody grows up and learns it on their own. It's kind of like that old adage about how you can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink.
1	It's like the community (or vocal minority) has never seen another reality television series besides GameCribs. They are structured to gain reactions from the audience via drama. Nobody would continue to watch it otherwise. Reality TV is staged, shocking? No. While what you see on GameCribs might not be staged entirely, it is created to have you react by only showing negative situations. Regi has said he doesn't mind being the focus of hate on the team. Perhaps why he's portrayed as a villain of sorts on the show.
1	Well yeah, there were obvious problems, but.... this? This is what they came up with? This is the best they could do? Ryze is supposed to be a noob's introduction to the game. He's in the tutorial ffs, along with garen and ashe. Why would they turn him into literally the least intuitive champion in the game?   The Ashe rework was  amazing  because it made everything much more interesting, but more importantly because it made her perfect for new players.     The DPS-crit mechanic makes your overall damage increase really really clear and noticeable. The initial basic attack shows your dps without crit, and all the subsequent shots while they are slowed show how much more powerful you are becoming as you buy more crit items. It's so much clearer than "sometimes I do no damage and then I randomly do a million. I have no idea how much damage I can actually do."     New players will probably ignore "focus stacks" but that doesn't really matter too much. What they  will  notice is that using her q looks  fucking badass .     Her other skills are immediately self explanatory and they feel really significant.       The player understands that they are an archer chick,  they know what their abilities do, they feel powerful, and they look really cool. It actually makes you want to play the game.   Ryze, on the other hand....     "Sometimes my healthbar changes a little and my abilities do weird stuff really quickly. I have no idea what is happening or how to activate it. My W is cool because it makes them stop moving. My other abilities just throw a little ball but I can't hit anyone because minions are in the way all the time. Wtf am I supposed to buy, these items are all weird. Why does my mana do damage? What is cooldown reduction? I'm just a blue guy, what kind of character am I? Why do people like this game"     It feels like you have no idea what you're doing and you just throw these little things that do no damage because you have no cs. It's frustrating, it makes no sense, and it's just totally useless. They should put Annie in his place. Annie is so easy. You just fireball people and hit them with a huge teddy bear, killing them instantly.
0	Well... Sorry to bring this up again but who knows this info might be useful to some people in the future so here we go again.
0	Don't forget to eat enough calories and protein and make sure you fit it into your sleep schedule.
0	SERIOUSLY.   I just went to the dentist today. The amount my gums bleed when being picked at has zero correlation with the amount of flossing I do (at a constant level of: when I feel stuff stuck in there, about once every couple months, and then only the one gap) and is entirely dependent upon the viciousness with which the hygienist wields that steel hook.   "Oh, you wouldn't bleed like this if you flossed more often." and "You must have been flossing; your gums are in good shape."  with the exact same level of non-effort from me. The obvious conclusion is that some hygienists are simply bad at cleaning teeth without damaging gums.
0	The number of men in porn compared to the number of women in porn is exceedingly low. You're more likely to know the dude and his features more so than the chick, solely because of this inconsistency.   I could be wrong, but I think this is where the wages for men go up for porn. Funny enough, more people seem to care more about the performance of the male than that of the female, who just needs to be hot. If the dude doesn't last long enough, isn't  long enough , doesn't shoot a big enough load, isn't skinny enough or pale enough or fat enough or what have you, then he can be axed pretty quickly.   The women porn stars that have become big names typically have to have a very unique quality that is either enjoyable, or can be cashed in on. A lot of the time it just comes down to what holes she's willing to put a dick in.     Stoya makes awesome faces and sounds, does anal, is super pale and "cute".     Jenna Haze is super into every element of her performances, is petite and provides some amazing dirty talk, as well as being one to embrace anal fully.     Sasha Grey basically makes degrading porn look amazing.     Jenni Lee has some of the best cock worship moves that exist.     I'm certain Jenna Jameson's popularity (originally) is her cum bubble blowing trick, as well as the very realistic plastic doll appearance.     Madison Scott really enjoys playing with cum in and around her mouth.     Kayden kross pulls off the super classy smart look, while sticking to mostly vanilla porn, and being smoking hot the whole way.     Aaliyah Love recently moved from lesbian / solo only to B/G format and seems to be getting some attention. (too bad Codi Milo never went hardcore)
1	Several years go I had a kitten named good Apollo, after the coheed & cambria album. He was such a unique and interesting little guy. He had a lot of health problems and cost me a quite a bit of money in vet bills and we didn't really think he'd grow up to be a strong Heathy critter. I loved him so deeply! He grew to be a pretty decently sized strong meowth. One day my roommate accidentally left the door open and my baby cat ran out for an adventure. My neighbor for some reason thought it was a good idea to let his Rottweiler roam free without a leash and it brutally ran over and obliterated poor little Apollo. I was devastated... I decided that from that day forward any gaming achievement will be dedicated to my beloved Apollo and me being Asian decided to name all my game characters variations of aporro, thus comes the name proporro.
1	The reason you "will probably never git out of Silver IV" has nothing to do with trolls in Champion Select. Everybody who has gone through silver has played through that player base, and a whole lot of us have gone through it just fine (yes some who main support as well).   Judging by your attitude in this post you likely respond negatively to a pick that looks outside the meta. In my experience, playing outside the meta does not dramatically decrease your odds of winning at lower MMR; what does, however, is players becoming toxic.   Try toning down your negative responses to picks you don't like. You will probably see an increase in your win rate. Winning in solo queue is far more about learning how to work amicably with random teammates and avoiding negativity game after game than about building the perfect comp in champ select.
1	Pretty much completely ruining any competitive viability of this champion. As she's my favorite champion, this makes me incredibly sad. I've always felt Elise was a Lee Sin who was better at certain things but traded them off for some other with Lee being undeniably the better champion (I believe LS is by far the most OP champion in the game, but that's another story for another time).   Lee's early game is 100x more ridiculous than Elise's. With 0 emphasis on positioning due to his sub-15 second CD reposition, all Lee has to do is land 1 skill shot and he instantly applies execute damage right after. Accidentally jumped under tower? God thing the tool you used to engage isn't your disengage right (Rappel).   The things Elise's do and high skill cap (ex: rappel onto the back line of minions, instantly shift out and full combo). Are powerful, sure, but they're risky. If you rappel offensively you have no rappel if you, say, get knocked back into the tower you rappelled close to.   Also I think the point OP brought up with the drop off rate of Elise as the game goes on is highly relevant. She brings NOTHING to a teamfight, a little bit of execute damage because you have to go full tank. This is literally not comparable to Lee who's almost unkillable due to mobility, has a ludicrously short CD displacement, shield, execute on a similar CD to Elise's.
1	I find that hourglass is the absolute best item for him.  The armor is nice for the extra tankiness, the ap is enough to add another 1% to his tears, and the proc is great for after using your ult.  You bandage grab in, turn on tears, ult, tantrum, and use hourglass right when your ult's effect wears off.  Your tears will still damage the enemies and nearly every time the whole team will target you immediately after your ult.
1	ALRIGHT I SHALL EDIT MY GAMES AS THEY GO ON:   GAME 1: PLAYING PANTHEON JUNGLE AND I MENT TO BAN FIZZ NOT FIORA AND THEY FIRST PICKED FIZZ SO YEAH I'M NOT FEELING TOO GOOD. Ok, so this game I ended up stealing 2 dragons and getting pretty fed earlygame (I fell off lategame of course). Every lane was getting destroyed, with Fizz and Ezreal having 5 kills at 15 minutes. We outscaled them, and we eventually won the game. I also made a sick baron call with Alistar zoning them off of it.
1	Responses are as follows;     If they put a cap on it their would be situations in which you needed to say things quickly anyways. IE, Ahri constantly poking in and out of lane is worthy of calling 'mia' on multiple times.     Arrow keys would require you to either A; move your hand from the QWER to the arrows, OR move your hand from your mouse. Both bad ideas in a game like league.
1	Mr. Campitiello & Mr. Kotoff:   I'm saying this with all honesty. This is a bad pitch. Kickstarter is an interesting and new funding source for projects. There have been many great projects that have been funded. Some that I've personally donated to, both local and larger projects. The difference in those pitches is that when compared with yours, the successful pitches have been conceptualized and fully thought out. Investors weren't told a FAQ was going to be coming soon. The pitches were updated, sometimes daily with new product/project news but we never had to guess where the project was going. The finish line and the finished product were laid out from day one. The FAQ was there when the Kickstarter launched. The posters didn't mention "crews" or "various studios" they told us, Pebble Watch by Pebble Technology and Planetary Annihilation by Uber Entertainment.   These companies also did something you failed to do. Uber Entertainment didn't say they were professionals. One of their Heads helped bring us Total Annihilation. Their studio gave us Monday Night Combat, brought it to the Steam Platform, created a sequel, Super Monday Night Combat, and are still updating that sequel. Pebble Watch showed us a working prototype. They made one, they can make more. They didn't say they were professionals. We knew it when they showed us what they had done.   Who are these crews and studios? Who are you? Why do I have to ask these questions when I've read your Kickstarter front to back? I know your names and that's about it. Mr. Campitiello has: "...two years of industry experience in directing and screenwriting" In two years you can produce a student film or a feature or several vignettes. You can write a screenplay or novel in that time. Show me your experience. "He has directed and written many shorts, been actively apart of two features, and has had a screenplay accepted into a film festival." You have directed and written many shorts. Where are the Reel Excerpts to show us that? The Writing Samples we need to back that up? Industry Experts would know that is the most basic requirement when pitching. If you're an unknown, that's fine, show us student work. Show us your completed manuscript. Show us something other than a quickly edited YouTube clip that can be shot and finished in a single afternoon. If you have worked on this project for months, show us how far you've come on your own so we can help you get the rest of the way to your goal.   Mr. Kotoff: "...has years of experience in competitive markets. He manages several web series and Hollywood-based YouTube channels, and oversees film festival projects." Where is your credit for overseeing these film projects? You manage several web series yet failed to mention them in the most accessible forum? You have years of experience in competitive markets. That's good. What was your greatest professional achievement? I looked up Wizeguys Comedy. You claim over a million views in 2 months. Impressive. That's total over how many videos? Were those unique IP's? Click farms can get over a thousand views on a video a minute. Facebook Likes can be boosted to over half a million in a day for less than one tenth of a cent per click. You yourself said you have years of experience in competitive markets? Where is the proof of your experience? We are on an anonymous internet. I don't know you. You don't know me. You are asking me for money. Show me why I should.   Passion and Zeal are terrific qualities. You responded to my earlier posting that you had an infographic for the budget that was delayed. All well and good. Can you justify for me why instead of waiting the few days to finish it or rushing to finish such an important piece of data for investors you chose to rush your Kickstarter knowing full well that it was not complete? Passion makes you driven, sometimes to obsession. Where was the passion in that choice? You are telling me you're passionate. I am personally passionate about League of Legends. That I typed this up for a post no one will read shows you that passion. You are asking to create a web series for a passionate fanbase. Mr. Kotoff you should know full well with years of experience in competitive markets that you have one chance to make a first impression. This is the most genteel of criticisms you are likely to get: I'm afraid you've told me a lot and shown me not enough.
1	Isn't this the champion that Saint's been going on about since like 6 months ago saying the next big legendary (or, clearly Ultimate) was going to be for one of his favourite champs? So you can basically rule out anything non-jungler, also things that weren't released when he was talking about it. Iirc it was when the legendary Nocturne skin was previewed.   *
1	Actually, if you want to win a game while being 20 cs ahead in low elo it will be hard when the 8/3 ennemy will come in teamfight. Your 9/4 ally will fight too, so you may win this fight, but it won't be that much thanks to you. Your extra longsword will do pratically nothing.   I'm used to play support in low elo, and even while my adc is 7/3, the 10/1 ennemy top lane will come and win the game. At this elo it's way too aggressive to just stay and farm passively.   I sometimes also play on low level smurf, and it's the same. The game the pros play and the one the low level play is different, so the way you should deal with it is different.   I think that sometimes, you should go for an advantage even if you may give one to your opponent. If you have 60% chance to win, then you can try it, and if it fails, then you should play more passive, so that their extra longsword will finally be nothing.
1	Graves is a great adc, but while he has one of the best early all in's, can be easily bullied due to his below average attack range. He can be easily bullied out of lane if countered correctly.   With that being said, try an all in at levels 2 and 6. The moment you hit 2, rank your E, then E in for a point blank Q (Each of the 3 bullets do damage, 40% per after the first, for 180% of tooltip damage.). If you can land a point blank Q, you already have the attack speed steroid from the E, and you get bonus armor/mr from your passive to lower counter harass damage. But with the point blank Q, you will chunk them for at least a third of their hp. They HAVE to immediately run. They can't fight it, or they die. If you successfully do this, push it. You are winning. Those early all ins are very important to getting a lead in lane. ADC's that heavily out range him will bully him out in later levels if you dont abuse Graves aggressive kit and take an early gold lead.   You also want to do this at 6 if you are healthy. Adding your ult to the burst can easily drop them below half health with just E > Q > R. If your opponent is half hp or less, and you land everything, you are nearly guaranteed a kill.   The most important skill for Graves in team fights is positioning. Defensive positioning is important for every adc, since they're super squishy, but it's far more important for low attack range adc's. Positioned incorrectly and you are easy to catch. Champions like Tristana, Jinx, Caitlyn, Ashe, can be very hard to catch due to their fantastic range as they have more time to react since you have to close more ground. His ult is great for clumped team fights since the spray can hit most champs. His Q is mediocre for team fights as you want to keep your distance, and wont be able to abuse hitting someone with all 3 projectiles. His W is actually a great tool in team fights. The slow is minimal, so it's meh at best, but the blind is fantastic against casters. His passive is actually amazing in team fights. Late game it can stack to 30 armor/mr, making you a VERY surprisingly tanky adc.
1	I think You can be right with this e-sport's team "vs" dev team.   E-sport's team have to make great show, create everything for Us so we can feel like we are watching traditional sport's event and everything must be done in specific time to meet deadline. There is no "Oh we can just change AP ratio from 0.3 to 0.4 for now, the whole rework will be done next year" (yeah I know that I'm simplifying but You get my point).   From other hand dev team can say such things because they are probably not accounted for changes in specific time limits. I can't imagine that they have to change a champion, create a new one etc in like 6 months - if not, They got to face the consequances. There is no real rush.   They know that our community always complain so there is no difference between implementing new modes, features, significant changes very fast instead of just implementing new items once for a season, changing only ratios back and forth.   For now LoL is in dominant position in MOBA scene and they just do everything to secure that position. If DOTA2 for example (I've just started to play it and it's super fun, complex and challenging) is very close to LoL position, Riot will start to make a lot of huge changes just to prevent people from quiting LoL, to keep they entertained, but I think that it will be too late:(
1	If you press [Win-D] it'll minimize all windows and show the desktop. Since Win 7/8 don't show window titles in the task bar, that should be sufficient. It's an easy keybind to hit, too.   [Win] refers to the Windows logo key.
1	my plan is to eventually start playing PVP, but I wanna get to know the ins and outs of the whole dance before I play against an opponent that doesn't let me make a mistake.   Bot matches are great for your first few games, they help you get use to how do the most basic things in the game (like move around, buy items etc.). However if you plan on playing pvp, don't use bots to "Learn how to play first", or to "work on your mistakes", due to the nature of the game, bots are really ineffective at this.   Firstly the only thing a bot will teach you to do, is defeat the bot. Most of the time, you defeat the bot by exploiting it in some way, this can be anything from constant ganking on one weak bot, or just ignoring the bot and last hitting so you have tons of farm, or other possible ways. But at the end of the day, most of what you've learned is just exploiting a program that isn't every capable of adapting, unlike human players.   Second, Bot are awful at showing where you need to improve, because often bots are a very bad at something (like last hitting), godly at other things (like reflexive actions), or don't actively part take in a major part of the game (like jungling, warding, and counter warding), causing you to have an extremely warped understanding of the game. Hell some item builds for a character might work well in a bot game, but is awful against real players.   ok, I've gotten board of writing this, and can't really remember where I was going with this, but what I wanted to say was... Start playing PvP, cause you don't know shit till you've gotten your feet good and wet. And don't let rage deter you, as everyone gets raged at, at some point. Some might be justified, some might be unjustified but it's going to happen better to learn how to deal with it now.
0	Taking antidepressants can really fuck with you. I wouldn't recommend them ever. They only work if you find the right one for you and if you don't they make you feel worse. I've been on 4 different medications trying to control my depression. Eventually I just stopped and felt 1,000 times better and didn't want to kill myself anymore.
0	Not op as well, I broke up with a girl who I was madly in love with but she didn't feel the same way. I have sent sedated the most amazing girl I've ever been with and I'm now in love with her. I still think about the first girl but even if she came back to me with arms wide open I would not take her back. this is not necessarily because of the new girl but because she was so wrong for me in just about every way. well I still find myself thinking about her I would never actively do anything to try and get her back or be with her again.
0	The problem isnt that theyre aging... its that they were too old when the internet hit to adapt it as easily as the rest of us. People dont magically forget how to internet as they get older, barring alzheimers or something.   Edit: didnt mean to say people were too old to adopt the internet. Meant to point out that the problem isnt people getting older, but that they never learned how to use the internet properly, as opposed to ops implication the problem is the workforce getting older in his title.
1	In Korea, pretty much every restaurant delivers and McDonald's is not popular at all. Koreans don't see McDonald's food as a meal, but a snack. Since McDonald's is competing in the snack market, it loses because all other types of snacks are more easily accessible and cheaper. Korean fast food would be like eating some ramyun, ordering chinese, chicken or pizza. There are also many food stalls in the street that sell ddukbboki which is widely considered as a national food along with kimchi.
1	I understand that each of these things can be frustrating, and to feel as though you are hurting the games of other players is definitely a tough weight to carry around, especially when you care that much about a game such as this one.   Its also somewhat noble that you don't want to smurf and ruin the game for others, even though some of those sub-30 players will be smurfs as well.   Personally, if I were you, I would take a step back and focus on one thing at a time. Find a champion you have fun with, even when you are losing, preferably someone who is flexible across multiple lanes (Kennen, for example, can go top or mid). Then, play the bejesus out of that champion, and just work on one thing at a time.   Start with your spread. Did you end the game 2/7/XX? Focus on ending the game 2/6/XX, and let yourself be proud when you do that! And continue improving from there.   Don't worry about everything all at once. Even Diamond players can only improve on a couple of points at a time (Phreak practices last hitting in a custom game with no other champions, just to improve those mechanics).   Ultimately, the biggest thing I can tell you is that its okay to lose. And no one should flame you for a bad game or two or five or fifteen in a row, you deserve better than that because you are a person. Everyone deserves better than that.
1	3 bugs 1 title, and stop using
0	The user who started r/atheism in the first place (his name escapes me at the moment) had a very hands-off approach to moderating the sub, so it allowed almost anything.   However, he was so hands-off that he hadn't logged in for a year, so two of the mods over there told reddit that they wanted to take over the sub.  They got control of it and immediately eliminated any and all memes (or, as they called them may-mays - because anyone who actually liked memes was a child) without getting input from the community.   The reason was that the memes were like quick soundbites and got a lot of karma; and, as a result, were the things that usually got the the top of r/all.   The upshot was that r/atheism split into a couple factions (atheismrebooted and a couple other subs were started for people who wanted the old style).  Then, r/atheism lost it's place as a default subreddit.
0	I worked with a girl who did this to her boyfriend. I have rarely seen her level of crazy in the decade I last worked with her.
1	Stay positive. Don't rage.   If I was doing exceptionally well in a game, but my teammates were 4/17/1 and 5/21/6... it would almost seem like a lost cause right?   Well, I've tried to change my attitude towards each individual game and think positively. Consider this, the enemy team has 38 kills on just TWO of your teammates and still cannot close the game. That means either you're doing something right and/or they are doing something wrong or even a combination of both.   Speak positively to your team. "Hey lee, I know you had a rough game, but if you could just peel for me with your kick (or make a good pick with your kick) then I think we still have a chance."   Of course, you'll get people who just don't want to work as a team and you can't change that. You'll inevitably lose the game and you'll be upset unless you keep your positive mind attitude into the next game in which you will most likely win.   Have fun.
0	My first solo flight ever at age 15 I was going from my home in Atlanta to visit family in Vt, I was super excited had a window seat and everything.  I get on the plane find my seat get all my things stowed away and sit down and buckle in.  Then I see them, this couple a man and wife and they are fucking huge walking towards the 2 seats next to me I remember thinking "please no not these seats".   They proceed to sit down in the seats and I remember the horror in my mind as I realized that not only was I not going to have an arm rest because his fat roll took up the whole arm rest but also his arm was going to be taking about 1/5 of my actual seat because his fat roll was occupying the arm rest.  I spent the entire 4 hour flight crammed into what was left of my precious window seat, holding in a pee because I wasn't going to try to get these two massive people to get up twice during the flight to let me out of my seat.  15 year old me was devastated and too young to speak up about my discomfort for the entire flight.   To this day I am a firm believer that if you take up an arm rest with your fat roll it is entirely reasonable to be asked to buy another seat or a more expensive wider seat, because it is not fair to cause another person on the flight to be crammed into less than the whole seat they paid for.  If it ever anything like this ever happens again either me or them are moving seats because I wont put up with that shit.
1	The other day the pvp client froze/crashed on me mid-champ select. I thought I had been dodged out, but after logging back in (about 20 minutes later due to so many "server is busy" errors for no reason), It had actually loaded me into the game and I was afk for 20 minutes costing the team the game.
0	Once upon a time xNotch got lonely because his creations only did what he told them to so he decided to give sheep the freedom and creativity to mine and craft things on their own. The one catch was telling them to never assemble obsidian in a doorshaped pattern. When the sheep started derp-facing around in the Nether a sad xNotch keeps the server up but nerfs gardening and never logs on again. @jeb logs on briefly several millenia later but doesn't announce anything particularly important besides "believe in me". Though @jeb did do some cool holiday patch stuff that included turning coal into diamonds and storytime to the flock gathered around the lava fountain one night.
1	Tank junglers with damage mitigation and AOE damage can power farm the jungle without losing much health. The biggest point being Razorbeaks (wraiths) do very high damage so champions that can clear the 3 small razors quickly save a lot of HP. So Diana, Zac, Nocturne are very good at farming and camps now take longer to spawn so they have a time for an occasional gank without losing farm efficiency.
0	Here's why gun control won't work.   First of all, I love guns. They're fun to shoot. However, if we could rid society 100% of guns, I would definitely be in support of it.   But there lies the problem in American society. You will never come CLOSE to achieving 100% gun prohibition. I know it's impossible even for the strictest of countries, but in the USA, a complete ban will result in a lot of "secret" guns being owned.     We have lived in a gun culture since day 1. Fuck - Our CONSTITUTION  defines rules about gun ownership. Now, I believe that the original individual rights were pro-gun because of the general lawlessness that was feared in a post-colonial America, in addition to being able to defend against repeated attacks from Britain.     236 years of Gun ownership means that there exists historically many legally-owned unregistered firearms, many of which still work, or can be reconditioned to work. If you outlaw firearms, then most of these will exist.     "If you outlaw guns, then only outlaws will own them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws simply steal guns from law-abiding citizens - therefore, if you banned guns, they wouldn't get them. HOWEVER, the US has a massive balance of trade problem (we import way too much), and as a result, more containers come to port than we can scan. Criminals are crafty - they operate where there is need in the market - that need will be illegal firearm importing.     You will eliminate any chance of people being able to defend themselves against a government that decides to eliminate its constitutional limitations. I know this probably is unlikely, and therefore unimportant, but historically, there have been events that could have been prevented with private citizen gun ownership. Some argue that parts of WWII and similar ethnic cleansing tragedies could have been prevented this way.     Police simply won't step in. Police are better investigators than anything - they simply don't stop murders, and crimes from happening. They collect evidence and arrest after the fact. People say that our public safety officers will protect us, but I don't feel so confident.         If we ban firearms, law-abiding citizens won't stand a chance. The number of guns existing illegally would be incredibly high - higher than in any other country that banned guns.   Unless someone can come up with a better plan to rid the country of firearms, I propose a plan that will be unpopular among legal firearm owners, but it will definitely address the problem.   Demand greater responsibility from firearms owners. If someone steals your gun and uses it in a murder, you share the blame even more so than what's being demanded today. I realize that this is irrelevant in last week's massacre (the gun owner was murdered herself), but it WOULD fix a lot of the problem. After a few high profile cases, you can bet that everyone who wants to keep their firearms will invest in a safe of some sort.
0	My friend, who is also my arch nemesis on SSB64, did this to me in game 7 of our best of 7 series as I was spiking his stupid, purple jumpsuit, Fox ass down.  Jimmies were rustled.
0	The problem is, most of the time a prenatal test can't tell you exactly what problems the child will have as it grows up. Think about Downs Syndrome, for instance - some people with Downs Syndrome are completely healthy, grow up to live on their own with minimal support, get jobs, participate in their communities, date and get married, etc. Some children with Downs Syndrome have complicated medical problems that can even be lethal. Some have severe developmental disabilities and require day-to-day support throughout their lives. And there's no way to predict any of these outcomes, all there is to work with is the diagnosis of Downs Syndrome.   Then there's even murkier findings. Maybe on ultrasound your fetus has shortened long bones. Could be your kid will be a bit short. Could be he'll have a crippling or even lethal skeletal dysplasia. We can throw some statistics at you, but at what point do you give up on the chance that the baby will be healthy?   Anyway, any baby has a chance of ending up with a medical problem that can't be diagnosed prenatally (autism, epilepsy, childhood cancer, etc). Or despite your best parenting efforts, they might grow up to have schizophrenia and end up on the streets, or become druggies who can't keep a job, or get a traumatic brain injury and need 24/7 care. So new parents always need to weigh the risks of their child becoming a "burden" regardless of any prenatal testing.   Of course this doesn't even address that different people can define "burden" differently, too.
1	In which real game would anyone be able to get 1300 AP on Janna? Not to mention that it doesn't happen with Veigar nor any other standard mage.   And even if somehow someone could pull off such silly build, her damage would be pathetic compared to any AP scaling Champion.   I'd take a 1300 AP Leblanc over Janna every time.
1	I feel like they may have forfeit because they didn't want the other team to learn their strats for the challenger series that they going to be playing on Saturday. The challenger series is much more important than this tourney, which may also be the reason why LMQ was trolling.
1	Ranked games tests.   These games should be taken with a grain of salt.   First: Renekton Vs. Nasus:   Once I got BoRK and Brutalizer he couldn't trade with me anymore, Early game was decent and the late game felt better than the times I built Hydra and Black Cleaver by killing the enemy Caitlyn every fight, I engaged her with E > Ghostblade active and once she used her E and kited I activated my BoRK catching her every time despite Nami's help to Cait. Mid game, I was dealing a lot of damage and tanking some, too. Late game, I didn't last long in fights or deal a lot of damage. We were behind.   Second: Renekton Vs. Trunde   Trades were in my favor before buying BoRK but I couldn't kill him at all. Once I finished BoRK and Brutalizer (Both in one buy) I was able to kill him by keeping BoRK as the element of surprise.   Mid game to Late game I killed the enemy Jinx every fight and stay in fights dealing amazing damage to Ziggs/Vi/Trundle.   Late game I was able to solo a full HP Vi (Elder Lizard, Omen and Tri force) while I was at 2/5 HP (BoRK + Ghostblade + Omen).       The Ideal build in my opinion would be: Starting with what ever item, Building Bilgewater cutlass, farming 1800 Gold for BoRK to buy at once (Don't buy daggers, you're better off buying any Tier 1 or Tier 2 items to finish later) or buying Brutalizer then finishing BorK.   Buying Brutalizer > Ghostblade at once > Then going for Sunfire and Spirit Visage (Sunfire is better THIS build than Omen).   Finish with Omen or Blood Thirster.           Final Thoughts and Summary     As you can see from test's Combos, you will use your auto attacks more than you think you would.     This build in my opinion is the best for Renekton and it is what I'm going to use from now on.     Of-course you can build what ever you like, but I wish if you take these tests and calculations in considerations. My brother didn't change his build because that's his play style and what he is most comfortable with.     This took me 15 Hours and 10 bottles of water.     Please keep your feedback as constructive as you can, this was a lot of hard work and I aim to improve the next time I do something similar to this.         Summary /
0	50,000 per show is sort of a bench mark in the music industry. If you can headline a national tour, you are pretty much clearing that per night. I'll try and break it down for you. Usually, a band will split it evenly between members. I would imagine Mayer, or most solo artists get half or more off tops, then it is split between the backing band. That may even be generous because most of them are 100% replaceable. I mean shit, I would play backing guitar for Mayer for like $700 a show lol. I'm not too knowledgeable on his band members, but the only I see a lot is the older guy who plays slide guitar a lot.   Take a 15,000 seat arena at say an average of ticket price of $50. That would be $750,000. Now for someone like John Mayer tickets are probably more like $60-350 and he could sell out bigger than 15,000 capacity venues as well. An average merch income is about $3/ticket sold. So what's that...another $45,000. Most contracts give a 50/50 back end as well if you sell out. So, on the low end, he is grossing $800,000 per show. Typically the artist gets about 80%...so $640,000.   Now, you have to look at the cost of a tour. It's fucking HUGE. Someone on Mayer's level probably has 10 roadies which will include loading crew, sound man, guitar tech, drum tech, lighting/pyro/stage manager. You have to house and transport these people as well as provide them a per diem. Manager get's 20%. There's 4-5 other people in his band. An accountant. Still, all said and done someone on this level easily clears $50,000 a show. In all likely hood he probably gets $100,000-200,000 in his pocket when everything is balanced. Typically, a tour has 15 shows a month for about 4 months. 60 shows on the low end of $100,000 nets him 6 million. Dude is worth 40 million. Most of a musicians income is from touring, and John Mayer really doesn't tour a whole lot...I just read he recently announced his first tour in three years. December shows are already sold out. He has five albums since his first release in 2001...You tour every album so there is five tours. Hasn't toured in 3 years, so at most he has had 9 tours, and I seriously doubt he toured every year (outside of his 3 year hiatus he is ending now). So roughly 4 million per tour would add up to his net worth. That's not even touching his cost of living, which you can bet your ass is high as fuck as it will be for any single young man who is richer than a motherfucker.   So there you have it my friend. That's an educated estimate of how much John Mayer makes. None of that shit is exact, but it will be close. I've been in, and around music my whole life. It's still impossible to say a hard number on his booking fee though. I mean shit, the dude probably buys $250 tee shirts lol.
0	I recently switched to an Engineering major for my sophomore after falling out of Nursing my freshman year, thanks to my failing grades in Biology. I thought I had conquered the hurdles of biology-related classes after kicking ass in Physiology, but then I realized "nope, they're different" and decided it was probably a good idea to just take a major that focused more on math-based sciences.   While I already took Calculus I in high school, a year without a single math class didn't help with remembering any of it so I'm retaking Calculus. The class is now piss easy, since every lecture is just making me remember everything nearly instantly and then I just doodle on my notes.   Naturally, there are students who are struggling to understand how to do things in this class; that does not surprise me. Usually this involves asking the professor how she did a certain step in the calculations during the explanation of example problems. Here's the problem though: those parts that get them confused are incredibly basic algebra. Maybe even pre-algebra or, dare I say, basic arithmetic. I am not kidding.   Just yesterday, while going over the mean value theorem, two students got confused how we went from 6x=0 to x=0 (specifically asking where the 6 went). My professor joked about how she "just ate the 6" which highly amused me, but the students were still lost. It took them a good 45 seconds or so to finally realize the magic.   Yeah, sure, my professor could have explained it better, but I really don't think something like that deserves any kind of explanation at all in a damn Calculus class. Weren't you supposed to take a placement exam to see if you could get into this class in the first place?   That's the worst so far, though. I would mention some other instances, but they're not recent enough for me to remember, nor do I care enough to remember such stupidity.
1	Can people stop the  some champs  are OP just because they're fotm. Most champs in the game are viable if played right/ not shut down correctly. A friend of mine play annie top and he never loses lane with it. Do you see anyone saying annie top OP?
0	I don't think you know what chivalry is, nor what it really means.   And I also don't believe you treat any woman the exact way you would treat a man.   Chivalry has nothing to do with thinking women are below you, it's just being fucking nice because many women like a man that will open their door or put their coat on for them.   I'd like to see you punch a woman in the face if she is drunk and punches you for no apparent reason, which is probably what you would do to a guy. Or look directly for the nearest woman for a high five or a shoulder push the next time your team scores in a game. Never know how she will take it, a guy though will just take it in stride almost guaranteed.
0	makes a very blank face   ...Yes... it should be recuerdo... THAT WAS TOTALLY INTENTIONAL!   You got the different definitions of working right. However, "Espero que lo arreglas" (I hope that you fix it (with incorrect grammar)) is wrong.   "Espero que te matas" is also wrong.   However, "Espero que lo arregles" is correct (Yes, arreglar is an -ar verb. Simply put, the subjunctive tense (mood, really) implies the uncertainty of a verbs existence   "I hope  you fix it ". Yes, I said "you fix it". However, even though I used the verb, I didn't  mean  you fix it.   Verbs use the subjunctive tense if another word in the sentence (or the context in which they're spoken) changes their meaning to become less definite. "If you do <verb>, -> (I will give you candy)". Will I give you candy? Well, I have no idea; the "If you do x" has made the verb indefinite.   S me dejas conducirte, te diere (dar, future subj.) dulces.
1	It looks like you are talking about mid lane. Aim for 70 cs for now. You can probably get 70 just by getting wraiths every now and then. Think about running tele. You can back more often without punishment. You can roam etc. It allows for more pressure. Depending on your lane opponent you can choose if the cs is worth the harrass. Also, directly after said harras, that ability is on CD take your cs and harras back. That's the most important part. Don't let them get free DMG. They may hit for more but if you at least get n auto attack back that's 40 DMG that wasn't there. Now, think of an auto as a CD. At .5 attk SPD that's a 2 sec CD. At 1 that's a 1 sec CD right? When they cs the auto is CD and you can harras them. Cs'ing takes precedent over harassing(unless you at least quarter their HP) if you are above 75% mana, then use abilities to cs. If you have full definitely use abilities.  You sometimes see players like Tiensi(he's high diamond) use shunpo even to cs. Its b/c he has wards/flash. Obviously if the enemy laner has kill potential don't use your escape for cs. But if you feel confident do so. If you see the jg top, do so. Honestly, when I was playing Zed I used my W for harras. It was my escape but sometimes jg doesn't even look at he lane b/c they assume, oh they have an escape. Jg tip: you can gank anyone, even Fizz if they use their escape and you are within 5 seconds. I'm actually a super safe mid laner. I basically never use my escapes until a jungler ganks or they all-in me. May also be due to my mains are lux etc. Last hitting under turret: Rule of Thumb: Melee creeps take two shots and an auto Ranged take one and two autos   If you have a friend willing to help. Take the Caitlyn challenge.   Mid lane. Enemy plays Cait. 3 traps across the lane. If you die, if you step in a trap, you lose. Go for best cs!  Caits job is to harras you to death.
1	Some of your suggestions do not belong in this game and they're your own misinterpretations of the game's style, and it shows heavily. Story mode? Hangout area? This is a MOBA, none of that shit belongs here.   Besides which your little list of what we've seen added to the game is a little coy. The S3 patch did a massive overhaul in terms of how the jungle plays out and the items we use. We've seen massive growth in the professional circuit and as for your suggestion that they added features such as spectating and custom items out of a fear that someone else might 'steal the limelight' I just think that's downright cynical. They added them because official support is  always  better than a community-made tool which A) might not be widely recognised and B) does not have the professional or monetary backing that Riot can offer.
1	Last time I did that m friend sent me a Screamer, and since he's my friend I open it.
1	Because personally, I love her kit and I feel her play style really matches mine. I also find it easier to carry with a less meta pick (considering people don't know what her w actually does for example). And I also think that she actually fits fine in the meta. The only thing that is noticeably weak about her is her mana regen. It really only effects you after your first clear and you are in the awkward stage where you don't have your second blue/a trailblazer.
1	Lee Sin is a natural jungler and is played there most of the time - hence why people expect you to jungle when you pick him. Kind of like Udyr, who is a strong solo top but is almost exclusively played in the jungle due to his advantages there.   Saying that jungling is "reckless" and "dangerous" is pretty silly. It gives you a big advantage in farming and xp if your enemy doesn't have one, as long as someone can hold a 2v1 lane which isn't actually that hard if they can last hit from under tower. Jungling is a very important role and control of buffs and dragon is not to be underestimated.   Lee is not the easiest champ to jungle either due to his sustain not being as good at early levels but he has very strong ganks. I would try out Udyr for jungling if you haven't done that - he clears the jungle extremely fast, and you can gank easily at lv4 after a full clear + wraiths, not to mention he has great sustain with turtle and stays relevant lategame.   As someone else mentioned, it doesn't hurt to try a few different routes against bots and figure out what paths are working for you. Especially with the new jungle, you have to be opportunistic about ganking. You can't afford to just camp a lane for 2 minutes and wait for them to overextend - if you see an overextended lane, gank it. If you can't gank, keep farming.
1	As with any late game champion or any champion at all, if you get a lead over someone you should continue to press it. Letting them farm up to when they are most powerful is definitely an issue not in the champion but in a person's inability to capitalize. He fails a gank? Take all his camps. Hes farming? Destroy his lanes. His first few levels are much less impactful than a Lee or an Elise though he is a strong duelist.  You keep a khazix down by either griefing him so he's so far behind he can't keep up or by keeping his team down so he can't reset and destroy your team. Good decision making and awareness can keep him down and requires more forethought than "SEE KHAZIX FIGHT KHAZIX." Just because there's one "unstoppable champion" doesn't mean the rest of his team is equally fed. In fact he even starves his team of gold with all the farm and kills he takes just cause of hte nature of his execute. Theres always the option of a split push, and exhaust, or god forbid a well warded baron bait. There are ways to stop him. League is a game of objectives not kills. You can win the game even with a 50/0 khazix as long as you play the map.   Also Khazix isn't broken because he can do a lot. He's broken because every other option as stated above in another response his options are better.The power creep in the  game is honestly insane. The reason older picks like sion, karthus, and ashe really fall out of favor is because they all are one trick ponies or have slow power curves. kha'zix power spikes are large because of his inherent kit. At level 6 he can evolve R which gives him 3 extra spell rotations, and 3 extra passive stacks while still getting damage reduction. I personally feel you can tune down teh damage reduction to say 30% or even 25% but that come inherently with his kit. the same issue was present when his W was the over tuned part. Bonus damge, heals, and applies muramana and is passive while being able to poke from Fog to do extra damage. It provided a safety that ASSASSINS shouldn't have. Now we can't even evolve it because if we do, we're essentially wasting a point because its so worthless as a whole. The disparity in his OPTIONS is what makes it rediculous to balance. He shouldn't NEED to become an assassin every time. if he specs into his q and e, he should be rewarded with the ability to kill everything. if he specs into his r and e he should be rewarded with some tankiness at hte expense of his damage.currently this isnt' the case just because the of how much just he r evolve provides to his kit.   Now it comes back to the old riot standard of nerf to oblivian rather than think about giving other champiosn ismilar mechanics so that they can compete. If you make every one's kit into a jayce, nidalee, elise, rengar with these double stacking effects, you're gonna play then much more just cause yoru options are much better than sion's one trick stun shield auto run combo.
1	Lee Sin would definitely be your best bet ;D He's an assassin with nice range, can carry, can slow and reduce attack speed to RAPE AD carries, he's extremely mobile, and can shield from ignites, damage, poison, etc. His lifesteal lets him stay in the jungle for quite a while, he can counter jungle. You can get an early dragon and ward jump out.   He's my favorite team fighter, because he can just get in there and do a crapton of burst, and his passive gives him 50% more attack speed whenever you use a skill. It procs very often if you build a bit of CDR and rapes with a sheen/trinity. You can build him tanky and initiate or terminate a fight with his ultimate. His ult does CRAZY damage because of the 200% bonus AD ratio and high base damage. If you see a bunch of the enemy team in a line, you can just kick them all and you'll basically stun them all and be able to pick them off one by one.   I tried jungle Nocturne, and it'd definitely fun with his ult, but I feel less mobile with Nocturne. I wind up sucking as Noct if I can't get some early ganks, but with Lee Sin I feel like I can pick up my game if I don't get one.   Jungle Trundle has a pretty sick gank and I would place him 2nd or 3rd. That slow thingy is pretty nice, but I mean, Lee Sin also has an aoe slow that reduces attack speed as well.   I wouldn't jungle GP. He's not the best at ganking, but jungling is always a nice way to get some gold and xp without dying in the lane as a squishy carry.
1	Quinn is a stronger adc than nidalee, nidalee is a very weak adc lol.   Nid in human form doesn't have AD scalings. So she has her spear, AP scaling poke ability, W, AP scaling trap (multiple uses, not really useful to throwdown in the middle of fights though), and a decent heal/AS Buff, that scales with AP. So you have very minor damage through your damaging abilities (since you don't build AP to scale them), and a heal/AS buff, basically leaving your entire damage output to your AUTOATTACKS.   If you want to have a purely auto attacking champion, why not play Caitlyn, Jinx, Trist, etc?   Quinn scales with AD, has a strong AD scaling Aoe damaging blind (extremely useful when timed right), W granting vision of the fight, preventing further flanks/escapes, and her E, Great damage, especially when combined with her passive. Going bird form isn't really meant for 5v5 teamfights (it's more meant for escaping/chasing down other champions after skirmishes and to increase duel potential), so we'll leave that out of the discussion.
0	I understand man. While certain parts of the middle east definitely have some fucked up customs in regards to age of consent and women's rights overall, the USA still has some fucked up customs.   In 18 states it is still legal to marry your first cousin, and only one of those states has certain restrictions, for the other 17 its open season. And while it is illegal to marry or have sexual relations with young girls we still (as a culture) sexually objectify the hell out of them anyway. When a 10 year old has short shorts that say juicy on them, something got screwed up down the road.
0	Scroll to the bottom for actual examples.
1	You're right, OP.  There ARE good reasons to not kill the tower.  There's an easier way to put it though.   Every minion of yours that dies without an enemy champ around is experience and gold denied to the other team.  It's much easier to have your minions killed by pushing them against the enemy tower than anything else.   First mid tower is too important to worry about this as it leaves a giant danger zone when killed, but top and bottom are fine to leave up. Working the tower down to halfway or a quarter is valuable, but there's certainly room to consider letting your minions kill it rather than getting it down as quickly as possible.   This is also a good reason to opt for a free dragon or baron over a tower.  Killing dragon as soon as possible means there are more dragons and more gold in the game in addition to denying that gold to the enemy team.  The tower will always be there when you're ready for it.  Killing it at 10 minutes doesn't get you any more gold than killing it at 20 minutes.  (Though gold at 10 IS more valuable.)   If I thought my team could handle the 4v5, and my enemies would just let me push my minions into their tower forever, I would never kill the tower before 15 minutes.  It's like your team having a jungler while theirs doesn't (in terms of xp and gold.)   If you can maybe win a team fight at their tower, you can definitely win a team fight at dragon.  The money from that tower will still be there when you get to it.   Towers don't win you the game any more than kills do.  The best simple "wins the game" metric is gold advantage over your opponents.  Steal their wraiths, get dragon, farm. (Also towers and kills.)   Clearing opposing jungle is underrated. If they want gold and experience, make them come out to get it.
1	This client is ridicoulous.     First of all DC thing     then i got something like lobby started and there was no messages or anything in chat and after some time it said i was muted from lobby (WTF?) but suddenly after that it went ok again     In the same queue i was first pick so i picked champ for me, and after me 3 people then... it quit from lobby and said i didnt pick a champion (DAFUQ?)       When i finally picked the game, all the time after start i got fps drops and lag spikes, and in like 10 minute i got bug similar to the starting one that the screen is going to the edge and u must hit alt-tab to back again... so i lost my lane by bug. I got this in another game, but when i was doing wolves so it wasnt that crucial.
0	I think it's more because they have a lot of bigger things to worry about that they aren't going to waste their time on something small.   Once, I pulled out of my spot (we have street-side parking). The cop pulled me over almost immediately. His reason was that I "failed to signal from the curb." (I have never heard anything like this before). Long story short, him and 2 other cops tried to force me to let them search my car for drugs since I lived near a drug house. I could hear them talking and they were discussing whether or not to bring the dog out. Eventually, they decided not to since it turned out I was telling the truth about where I lived and going to Ohio State so they just let me go with a warning. Never even asked if I had insurance.
0	ITT: people who think that their sleep schedule is known to everyone else At this point, I could argue that by sleeping during the day, you are waking me up and you being awake in the day isn't somehow more important than my sleep. If you only want to be texted during a certain time frame, then mention it. Don't expect people to somehow know what times are OK or not OK to do something if you don't actually tell them.
0	200 dollar tax stamp for a destructive device, shitload of paperwork, 6 month to a year wait, and thousands of dollars PER device (if you can even find one).
0	I love when anything even hinting of mentioning race happens in the sports world all the sudden every single black reporter on ESPN becomes a racism expert and then try to make it seem like they are the ones who get to deem where the racism line is drawn.   Ex: Mike Wilbon on Cuban - "I could have done without the mentioning of the hoodie and tattoo"   Well Wilbon I don't give a fuck what you could have done without. People blowing these comments out of proportion is becoming dangerous. Soon anyone with any sort of power or money to lose will not be allowed to express/have any sort of opinion in fear of getting ruined by the media.
1	I think it's to your advantage to respect a role call. Chances are they suck at the role they just called but there's even a greater chance they suck at the other roles and that one role the person called is the only role he/she knows how to play to some functional degree. I can play any role effectively no problem and I always say in chat "can play anything will fill in". People are always going to take your role or not, it's part of the game. The best thing you can do is be flexible and be able to adapt to the game.
1	They originally didn't focus too much on 3s because they knew at the time the map was too broken.   Now that they've invested the resources into 3s and went the path to balance it though itemization it has the potential to be a competitive map.
1	If this goes on, the game will end with champion base damages at 50 at level 5. there are ALWAYS players that find out how to master a certain champion and play him well so other players copy that and play him aswell. If they nerf zed, another champion will be found that is terrifying if played well. But if riot keeps nerfing every single champ that people have success with, it will end in champs having absolutely low base dmgs for example and that results in not enjoyable gameplay. For example: before zed got popular, there were some players that played this champ and had some success with it. Then very high level players like alex ich tried to master zed, and of course he will have success with that mastered champ and carrys games with it. I am pretty pretty sure that if alex ich masters something like sion, he would have hugee success with it. Another example that proves that im right is the champions volibear and nasus. Volibear got no buff but diamondprox learned and mastered that champ. Wat happened ? Other players leaned him aswell and now people say he is too strong and should get a nerf. Almost same to nasus . His q got buffed and he got play in competitive scene, people now say he is too strong but it is not because of the buff, people actually say the slow is broken , whcih he had before the buff.
1	Being able to play a champ is different with mastering a champ. I used to thought I will be able to master a champ in 10-20 games because I think I made really few mistakes; but after playing certain champion for hundreds of time, I started to realize many things I could have done better in many situations with this certain champion.
0	You know, I never understood the "Reddit thinks X and Y so that makes Reddit a hypocrite." Contrary to /r/circlejerk Reddit is not one singular hive mind.   Yes, we have majority demographics. Yes, we lean left on average. What I don't understand is when people can't grasp how a warmongering thread gets voted to the front page. You only need a few thousand upvotes to get there. Even if we say 75% of Reddit are war hating liberal commie atheists, how does that mean that the other 25% doesn't have the power to upvote? Especially when it is against Rediquette to downvote based on opinion alone.
0	You don't need to kill anyone to make a terrorist attack.   I don't know if you've heard about ETA, which was a Spain domestic terrorist group linked to the independentist movement of a north region. Now they have disbandend, but up until recently they had basically all the tricks on the book, shooting point blank in the back, bombing strategic places, trying to smuggle missile systems into Spain (this one got busted, but still).   Killing people usually came followed with a huge backslash, because obviously, so, at times, they'd prepare a bomb, wire it up, then call the police and tell them what they had done. The area was evacuated, the bomb deactivated, but they sent the message: "Look what we can do, if we wanted, people would have died".   So, in my opinion, the fact it is a terrorist attack doesn't depend on the action or the amount of killed, but rather in the ulterior motives. Was this guy a crazy lunatic that woke up one day and decided to kill a poor soul: despicable but not terrorism. If on the other hand this guy were part of a larger group that decided to show what they can do to obtain something in exchange? yep deff terrorism.
1	For those who didn't watch:   Blaze is down three inhibitors and 8k gold.   Woong and Shy dive almost into the fountain, get annihilated.   Cpt Jack trades T3 Boots for Zephyr.   Woong gets caught... Blaze wins :D
0	As someone with sensitive skin, you have to be careful with them. About a year ago, the makes of them (Cottonelle?) must've changed the formula. My ass was always itching and felt almost like it was burning. Several tests (including a visit to the proctologist) turned up nothing. Cooling pads didn't help at all. I was pretty much at my wits' end. After about a month or so, I went back to my parents house for the weekend and didn't have any flushable wipes. After a week of trial and error, I found that when I didn't use the wipes, my ass would stop bothering me. The wipes had never bothered me before, so the only thing that I can think of is that the formula of the liquid part was changed.
0	We don't really buy six packs from "the store", since they aren't sold in regular stores. We have something called Systembolaget, which is a government owned chain of liquor stores. They're the only stores allowed to sell alcoholic beverages containing more than 3,5 % alcohol. A few brands have six pack cases, but generally we either buy them in a case of 24 or just pick up as many as we need for the night. I usually do the latter and what's nice about that is that I usually go with just one of each and mix it up a bit, rather than drinking six (or 24) of the same beer.   I should add that this isn't as much of a problem as it might seem, since there's always a Systembolaget within a 30 minute drive - even in the country - and in the bigger cities just a walk down the street.   Also, they are really professional and have a wide range of beverages - both bigger brands and smaller (often local, at least in Gothenburg where micro-brewing is a big thing) ones that they rotate so you can try new things all the time. If you can't find what you're looking for, they'll help you order it to the store for a small fee, so that way you can buy almost anything from all over the world.   Our taxes on alcohol makes it quite expensive though. From $1.2 for the cheapest ( Cheap Thrills  33 cl can to ~$2.1 for a 33 cl bottle of Heineken and $3-4 for the finer bottles, such as IPA:s etc. So if I'm going to a festival, I'll probably buy cases with 24 cans of "standard" beer for $30. If it's just for warming up for a night out I'd go with 5-6 bottles of nicer stuff, which would be $15.   [Here]( is information about the monopoly on their site, in English.   [This]( is an interesting interactive video, in English, about what researchers think would happen if the monopoly would be abolished.   And [this]( is the section where you can search for products and see the prices. It's in Swedish though, but you can probably guess what's what.
0	Can confirm, public trash cans are notorious for catching on fire. A butt tossed in to a refuse receptacle even with the tiniest of embers can cause a small open flame which spreads incredibly fast.   It happened to me unknowingly last year. I had finished a shift at a restaurant downtown and had a cigarette on my walk to the bus stop a few blocks down from work.  Once finished with it I tamped down the ember on the metal ring surrounding a trash can at the bus stop, and tossed the butt in, seemingly putting it out before it passed the event horizon of the trash can hole.  5 minutes later as I'm nonchalantly leaning against a building, reading a book, a firetruck comes roaring down the street. I wonder where it's headed, and before I can complete the thought they hopped the curb in front of me, half the truck on, half the truck off the curb. Then three flame wardens disembark and rush past me.  Up until this point I had had my back to the refuse container I had unknowingly primed. I turn around in time to see the wardens encircle a fire-nado looking situation; all of the contents of the container (a cylindrical 1.5' - 4' can, inside a ribbed cage, b/c specificity) had combusted and eaten all the oxygen within, the hungry torrent of flame reaching greedily almost 2' above the can.   With fire extinguishers in hand, and a three-point assault, the wardens dove right in and had the situation handled in 15 seconds. Turning their backs to the smoldering can they give a thumbs up to the truck driver as the stow their gear and pack up. As quickly as they arrived they vanished into the wind, leaving me to stare at the smoldering trash bin in wonderment for the next few minutes before my bus arrived.   Props to the fire team for pro-level response times though.
0	You gotta do this dude, honestly hes intimidating you to control you, and no offense, but your letting him do it by playing this powerless character.  Avoiding confrontation is not the answer here.  We're often told that fighting is not the answer, but this is one of those times when you gotta stand up for yourself.  If you do nothing this will just continue and even worse he will do it to others as well because he now knows it works.
1	I for one love hearing the team voice chat! It would be great to have more tournaments with this feature. I would also love to have 2 streams or an option to switch between which team I'm hearing.   Alternatively you can have what F1 has and the important moments to be added to the stream. This can't be hard if you add a 1 minute delay and have people listening to the voice chats (Maybe some time in a future).
1	For those wondering Rickonix is a member of the Something Awful (SA) forums (a goon if you will). From what I've gathered lurking there every so often Rickonix just kept leaving games (can't remember if it was just trolling, but it soon evolved in to him doing it just to see how long before he got banned) and never got banned for it...eventually acquiring some sort of fame on the LoL thread in the SA forums for this with how ridiculously bad it got. (To clarify how bad it got a EMPLOYEE of Riot posts in this thread where Rickonix is flaunting 450+ leaves with no punishment!)   Rickonix eventually started streaming and soon the leaver system was implemented and he was banned.  After hearing about this the SA forums made that thread asking to "Free Rickonix" and of course added their ridiculous claims.
1	I like this, seems long but doesn't take long to read actually.   Personally I like to think to not waste energy on being angry on a game that is over, or events in the current game that have happened already - they are outside the "circle of influence" to use reference. Spend energy on focusing on what you can do from now, after the bad thing happened :)
0	Don't feel bad. I get lots of girls and I still do this. Thing is, when you are first texting a girl you have to be VERY careful about how you come across, to the point of timing your replies because girls read into everything and as soon as they start to think you like them too much they will stop being into you. You have to intentionally go out of your way to communicate nonneediness.
0	That's a great question to ask.  It's cool when you seek the answer.  No one can really understand the truth because we just don't have enough information.  But when someone says "I don't understand" I say "I understand it to be this, but that is just a theory of my belief."   I define "God" as "The Creator" and I don't believe it is an omnipotent being or anything like that.  I think of "Creator" as a simple cycle of creation/destruction.  Something created the matter that formed before the big bang.  By that creation being completed the next step was destruction.  BOOM Big Bang.  Then with destruction being completed it is creations turn now.  So far the universe has been on creation mode but we live in a universe that is based on creation, then destruction.   I believe when creation mode is over then the universe will then implode on itself and go back into a big ball only to explode into another big bang and start creation all over again.   So when I think of "God" I think of a tree growing only to give off fruit and leaves that then fall to the ground and get soaked back up as nutrients that feed the tree.  It's a cycle of life, and in those cycles I see "God".  I believe God is a metaphor for this process and that this process is a part of the universe.   So when I read in the Bible about how God is everything, I simply say, "Yep, everything is a form of creation and destruction."  I view the Bible as a bunch of fables about creation/destruction.  I believe Jesus wanted us to see this big picture and that once you gain understanding with what is around you then you are free from the hell of living in a world that you don't understand. (Saved in a way)  That's my belief, and doesn't have to be yours, some take the Bible literally, I take it as a tool to explaining what is around us.
1	My profession...! You know, now that I think of it, I've always wanted to be a baker. Yes, a baker. - Brand.   Force is meaningless without a skill - Darius   Valoran will know harmony. - Shaco.   I will lead the charge - Twitch (or any other adc).   And many more, but didn't want to make kilometer long post, 'cause what would I say in
0	First post EVER on Reddit - hope it goes through and doesn't get buried.   CONSIDER YOURSELF LUCKY.  This happened to my now-husband with his first wife.   Marrried 4 years while she cared for her (not his) young child, then he put her through six years of school. She promptly left him because he was "beneath her station".  The real kicker:  He was ordered to pay $3500/mo spousal support since "she had no income of her own during those years".
0	OP is a faggot. You don't know shit about ADHD. I got all A's on tests, just had a hard time finishing homework.
0	Why not? Because famous people should be able to afford it? A famous person could have $5 million in the bank, house paid, nice vacations, college funds, nice cars, etc. etc. But, does that mean they can finance a $7 million film? I mean, they could sell off their house and cars, and live off beans for the next few years, but that wouldn't be a very smart move.   Maybe they're investing $3 million ($2million kept buffer for living expenses, possibly a buffer incase the film needs more money down the line that it usually does), and get the other $4 million from their fans that without, the movie would never see the light of day.   But they could just go to studios and have connections and stuff! Yeah, right, and then they would be making the STUDIOS film, IF they agree to buy it, that being famous helps, but doesn't necessarily lock deals. With the fans funding the film, they could make the film the FANS want.   And remember, it is NOT taking money from other projects. Kickstarter does NOT bring you people, maybe some, but the majority is through your own marketing, through people THEY are bringing.
1	meeet.at]( is a web based voice chat that works just like TeamSpeak, Ventrilo, RaidCall or Mumble. The main differences are: You don't have to download anything, because everything happens in your browser and you don't need to rent a server.   You can either just create a completely anonymous channel and give out the link to anybody you want to talk to or register an account with us (completely free) and create custom channels like meeet.at/TeamSnoopDog. The channels are instantly available and stay online forever and will work for others even when you are not in the channel.   meeet.at has some specific features just for gamers:     kick or ban other clients (if you are the channel owner)   change the volume of any client   mute your microphone (if you are shy :-p) and/or all the other clients in the room   set up your nickname so everybody else can recognize you     Features that require registration:     custom channel names (e.g. meeet.at/gaming)   set up a channel password     We know there are other web based voice chats but as far as we know none have these features and we think they are necessary for a voice chat to be actually useful.   What can I do with meeet.at?   Imagine you are playing a team based game where a voice communication is helpful towards victory. You might play with complete strangers and don't want to give those people any info of your TeamSpeak or Ventrilo server (if you even have one). So just go to meeet.at, click the "Open your channel" button and paste the link in your game lobby. Done! Completely anonymous. If the game is over, close the tab, create a new channel, whatever you want.   What do we have planned for the future?     push-to-talk   subchannels!   give other clients moderator privilages for any subchannel     Which browsers are supported?   meeet.at currently works with Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox. For some people it might even work with the mobile version of Google Chrome.   Keep in mind that the webRTC technology, which makes all of this possible is very young and not at all stable. You might experience disruptions of service, lags or sound errors.   We are looking forward to your feedback to make this free alternative even better compared to the established voice chat software.
1	So at first I was all like "these changes are another nerf to sona who has never been OP and are unjustified." But then I realized the W change is awesome for synergy with the new support item. +25% AS for your whole team in team fights is pretty strong, but I feel like they are just further mana gating her, while also reducing her damage. The aura changes are also going to mean less assists :/. I can't even tell you how many assists I've gotten as sona for hitting a Q to give bonus AD/AP to a champ like cait/jinx/etc to boost their ability Damage to help secure a kill.   Her current q aura is actually really strong, +20 AD/AP is half a Baron buff for your whole team. It helps take down turrets/objectives and is stronger the liner a fight goes on.
1	Can you
1	Sounds like poor game decisions tbh. If you wrecked your lane THAT hard to be 11/3/3 your team should have a number of major advantages like forward map presence, dragon stacks, etc.   This should be especially true since you're implying you didn't die at all until after laning phase (three team fight deaths after laning). If you're the first one dying in team fights as an ADC, you're doing something wrong positionally and/or strategically. That's entirely your fault. They shouldn't be able to just freely flash on top of you and pick you off first.
0	While I agree that OP's response is a little hostile, I don't feel that the hostility is without warrant.  Many people on reddit like to give legal advice and often it is just completely wrong.  So it makes sense not to take the word of someone on the internet especially after you have actually already spoken to a lawyer.  That doesn't mean that the lawyer you spoke to is giving you the best advice but the source is more credible than an unknown reddit user giving legal advice.
1	We also have to realize we have more interaction with the sports scene than any other sport out there; every other sport usually has contained instances of interactions between the players and the community, whether that's sporting events or media forums, but League has streaming which is direct interaction between viewers and the streamers. After that, the players themselves are much more interactive with the community on forums such as Reddit and it's something we as a community take for granted, because these are players who do not usually go through a college scene or some other format of integration into the professional scene that can screen them and train them to take the criticism of the community; instead, they are either up there and known, or they are not. We need to realize this, and as we grow in the esports format give them the respect they deserve for playing in the format they do, while also making sure that when we do critique them, it isn't just mindless insults but rather real, backed up choices. Yes, Wickd has made some questionable choices/builds, but honestly, it makes the games more entertaining than the static builds the meta enforces and I'll take that any day over just watching the same basic, boring game played over and over again with different names over the same champs.
1	My girlfriend and I got in a huge fight just as my game loaded, got to lane killed two minions and the tears started to flow, so I had to afk to console her, moments later our Akali dc'd. Came back 15 minutes in at level with no outer towers remaining.   We fought hard as 4 for at least 20 minutes, then Akali showed up. The enemy team had us aced twice while killing our Nexus only to have it saved by us, or in the one case saved by a trollhibitor.   We fought hard and ended up winning the 3,4,5v5 thanks to our heroic vayne and great peel from Rammus, Braum and myself.   Anyway the point is....it is still winnable. So I'm glad my team didn't ff without me.
1	Are you really comfortable playing Malphite/Yorick/other champions that you don't usually seem to play? Saying this, the two games you played champions you're extremely comfortable with (Singed, Vlad), were two of your best chances against Azubu Blaze. Yorick and Malphite games...not so much. I don't know if it's how comfortable you are with them, or just how the champions do vs Azubu's playstyle, but yeah.
1	They play her one game crush the enemy (probably cuz more skilled) and they think she's op and play her over and over cuz they get cocky and they think they can beat everyone.
0	People hold Police/Firefighters/EMT's/Paramedics to such a high standard expecting them to be able to do anything because of their job title all the time.  Now, before you hit that little downvote button, hear me out.  I'm a former firefighter/emt (and certified paramedic).  Without your equipment, you are USELESS.  You can't even engage in something as simple as holding c-spine (one of the few things you'd even be able to do) because then you are even more useless.   Not to mention that you are now placing another vehicle probably in the way of traffic flowing, or you have to park off to the side and cross traffic to get to the scene.  Also, you are now exposed in the event if someone is rubber necking or not paying attention and slams into the accident scene, which happens more than you probably think.  I've witnessed accidents off duty, sprung into superman mode before realizing I cant do anything.   The best thing you can do is call 911 and give a detailed description of the location, number of vehicles, number of passengers and overall condition of the cars (airbag deployment, if you can see if they were wearing the seatbelts, leaking gas or other fluids, etc).  That information is infinitely more useful than you running around an accident scene with no gloves or other safety equipment, or any equipment in general to do anything.   I also wish people would stop saying he has a  legal  responsibility to stop.  No, he doesn't.
1	Woah, woah, woah, Reddit. The youtube comments are being more reasonable about this than you guys are. Take a step back from your judgments and think about where Ocelot has come from. He's not a native English speaker. If you look at what he said without any bias, it's not that hard to realize he meant that people should be more happy, friendly, and optimistic (like he is). Not that people should be like him. Even Sky picked up on the fact that he misspoke, but instead of trying to guide Ocelot to the words he needed, Sky simply turned on him like the way he said it was what he intended to say.   >
0	Fuck yes communication is hard.   Not saying you are wrong about the rest though. Communication is certainly the crux of all this. But I am not sure true love is the right term. It's probably more a matter of experience. They do not know how to handle the situation. Approaching it is embarrassing because we think that asking someone to change something about themselves is a bad thing. It's embarrassing because approaching someone about something like weight brings back all sorts of memories of the kind of grade school jokes that persist about fat people.  People are afraid that bringing it up will insult the other party and they will leave them.   So instead they pen it up inside. Because that's easier. Ineffective. Bad for your health. Bad for the relationship. But at the time avoiding the problem, hoping it fixes itself, WILL ALWAYS BE EASIER.   Eventually that pen will burst, as emotions tend to do, and ultimatums will be raised.   In the end it boils down to experience. Communication is not a skill everyone is born with, or perhaps it is just not nurtured in everyone.
1	This.   When receiving a gank from jungle/mid: when the enemy is running. Wait out their jukes (every time they juke you close the gap) and cast it when they are running away.
0	Even if you're being sarcastic this is beyond disrespectful to those who have gone for extended periods of time sacrificing their sanity and sometimes lives for our safety and freedom.  Yes they get shot at, but no they don't go looking for trouble to murder innocent people, I'm sure if you were put in the same situation you'd have the same issues these brave men and women face when they return home. It's comments like your's that continue to stigmatize PTSD, if you feel this is such an issue go and do something constructive about it like advocating for mandatory therapy for returning soldiers, lessening the consequences of developing such a frightful psychological disorder.
1	ITT: "accually its a killers song"   "40% win rate"   "
1	you need to beat people slightly ahead of you in order to advance, that's how a ladder system works.   they're not making you beat plat1 people in order to promo up from gold1.  it's all platV people that probably shouldn't be there in the first place
1	He's not. What he's doing is asking them to redirect some of their current trying-to-make-the-game-better-efforts to balancing champions outside of the top tiers.
0	People need to be more aware of what they are purchasing... Standard blu-ray and dual layers are giving so much space that mastering engineers are now able to send uncompressed audio to be rendered in the film (rather than what we would hear in say... a DVD or television)... it is a BLESSING, audiophiles rejoice when you get what is called Dynamic Range...   Dynamic range is part of what makes you love the solos by pink floyd on your vinyl more than the radio... why you jump in the theater watching Paranormal Activity ... I, for one, am stoked that my sound system now feels more like an at-home theater system, and you should be too! (also, a lot of blu-ray players will let you adjust your limiting... I suggest you try it)   Also, please don't confuse this argument with that of what commercials do... they use a limiter to max the audio out so when you get up and leave the room it's still loud enough that you hear it while grinding coffee in the kitchen.... it became illegal in 2011, but nobody has hired anyone to watch over it... so it's just another bill/law congress is clueless about
0	We had our cat declawed in the front, that kitty would smack you, open paw, HARD. He would also knock over glasses that were sitting around unprotected.
1	I played normals from 1-10 and swapped to co-op vs AI for the next 20 levels, I came straight off bots onto normals and had 0 problems, I understood the mechanics just fine, I knew how to play the champions I owned.   Shortly after went into ranked when I had enough champions and always came out well (I played support, more of a fun relaxed role where it's really hard to get blamed for a team losing).
1	I'm only plat 2, but Zyra is my main and she pulled me from gold 5 to where i am now. I main support as well and play her almost exclusively on that role. I've played her so much that right now if i dont know which support to pick, i always go zyra, she is my safe pick, and even when countered, i manage to go even if we dont get ahead....very few times we are behind...and only by a little bit.   I don't know what difference it will make in higher elo but right now she has amazing laning phase and teamfight presence, her plants are very strong still and despise the nerf, i feel she is great at disengaging or counter engaging/turning fights around. Sometimes people understimate the damage of her plants and the zoning potential of her ult along with the CC.   That being said, landing an E has become harder as i climb the ladder. And ive found annie is much better at her job and CCing or turning fights aorund; however, her range gives u safety and if u are good at landing skillshots, this is a great champ...i hope that when i get to diamond (hoping i do, it's my goal for s4) i can still play her just as well if not better.   (i know i wasnt very detailed...but i guess i the type of person that just knows how to do stuff, but dont understand it very well...it just WORKS for me...so i play along with what i know)
0	Hey man, really sorry to hear about your situation. I literally went through almost the same exact scenario over a month ago. Girlfriend who I had been with for a while ended up getting back together with her psycho Ex. She had been acting fishy and showing very strange signs for a couple weeks, but then she would do random things which made me seriously doubt anything was going on. She even wrote me a 4 page hand written note telling me how much she wanted to be with me and wanted a future with me. Turns out less than a week later, I find out she has been hanging out and sleeping with her ex for some time. How you may ask? My musician friend recently started a new project and was looking for some female vocals to accompany him, she had been a singer in a few bands and I knew that's what she loved so I begged my friend to give her a shot. Turns out about 5 sessions in she showed up to the studio with her ex and strait up told my friend, she had no remorse, she did not even care at all. I tried to call her and talk to her about it and she flat out told me I was "bothering her" and eventually hung up. Point is, there are some people out there, who are just completely selfish and hold no loyalty to anyone. As heartbreaking as it is for you right now, you need to move on. Throw away everything that holds any tie to her, and under no circumstances ever talk to her again, even if she begs you. People like this do not deserve anyone who treat them with respect or care. Keep your chin up, be thankful that you did not waste more of your life or time with someone who is capable of something like that. Nobody deserves that and trust me you can do plenty better. Get out there and have new experiences, try new things, meet new people, and move on with your life. If there is one thing my situation taught me it is self respect. There were alot of times I let "warning signs" slide and went out of my way to try to please her and make her happy. Last thing before I go, if a girl talks about her ex alot, mentions him in fond ways, or EVER suggests hanging out with him put your foot down. It is NEVER ok, I don't hang out with my Ex's and neither should anyone else's SO. Anyway, best of luck to you dude, your young, you have so much ahead of you, look forward to it and embrace a new chapter.
1	First of all im sorry for posting a whiny post on reddit out of frustration, went to promotion in ranked and then went on a 6 game losing streak and went from losing the promotion to 6lp so played team builder / normal instead and I won the first game and then went on another 4-5 game losing streak. And the next game I won another game and went on a 5 game losing streak one again. And when I start to have bad games I get frustrated and play really badly and get more salty so I posted out of frustration. And I actually didnt know that team builder is a seperate matchmaking based on a hidden mmr.
1	Fucked up on the number of champs Riot releases every week on rotation. Edited the post to remove those references.  ^^^^sorta   To add on to this,  I think 10 is a good number for champ rotation  here's what I think is a good breakdown:     50% low skill floor champs (for beginners to have variety and be able to learn multiple roles)     30% intermediate skill floor champs     10% high skill floor champs (for the veterans)     10% "flex" champs - possibly to counter "unfun" champs to play against, such as using Soraka to counter Karthus (though I would prefer that this slot be used for high skill floor champs as a vet)     Why 10? The next logical step up from 8 would have been 12, but that amounts to a 50% increase and League only has 117 champions (as of now). With 12 per week, assuming no repeats, the entire list of champs could be rotated through in 10 weeks, whereas a 10 champ rotation would take 12 weeks to get through.   I don't have the exact numbers on the frequency of repeat selections, but since the lower skill cap/skill floor champs get rotated in quite often, it should take about anywhere from 4-6 months on a 10 champ rotation before all the champs have been rotated through, which should give new players  plenty  of time to figure out their playstyle and the meta.   Edit: Just double checked the LoL site for the current champ rotation, aaaaand I'm an idiot. They've been doing this for months now. Please disregard.
0	Who gives a shit? I was going to write about being English and its our language. Or Americans simplifying, which is either dumb or heightened efficiency, removing unnecessary letters. Truth is, English spelling spans a time when we were invaded by Romans, Saxons (ze Germans) then Normans (le French), so the language has been meddled with at all angles hence our incomprehensible spelling system. But seriously, who gives a shit.
0	My brother once drove off while he was watching to see if someone got into their house.  The street took a turn and he ended up smashing a brick mailbox.
0	The circumstances were very weird, and this was one of many OAG things said. I'm not going to post the story, but
1	Nor does it contribute to them Or any way effect them.   In fact, what you just said is akin to saying "Blizzard is too busy working on Starcraft 2 for Riot to fix this bug"   Because e-sports and the client are two completely different parts of riot. Different teams with different employees and different specialties. And e-sports is financially independent, and actually in fact increases the amount of money Riot has available to fixing this issue.
0	Knowing tow truck drivers well, this is very likely to be true (OP's story). Even if it weren't, tow truck drivers like to fuck with people. There's a level of sadism that comes with the job, specifically in colder climates.   They dislike their job, the long hours (for overnight companies) are rough, they deal with pissed off/shitty individuals multiple times a day in person, and - most of all - anyone who gets paid big money to grab cars illegally parked during snow removals has to be a bit twisted. Morals are somewhat thrown out the window with tow companies; everyone acts like their a victim of a crime and no one is to blame but the driver of the vehicle because they are the ones to have parked incorrectly.
1	GJ. I am actually 1113 ELO and I won like 4 games in a row. Actually, I saw that playing soraka carried me alot, because I'm hoping that my teammates carry me. But right now, I'm carrying  them . All my heals, my 125 Armor, my Aegis, my Zeke / Abyssal, my Shurelya, my Solari, my ulti. All this.   All this wins me the game.
0	Women are less likely to take up manual labor jobs" is interesting point itself. Would you consider that an issue to be rectified? Are 50/50 gender distributions in coal mines, warehouses, and combat infantry ideal?   There's a lot of cognitive dissonance that comes into play on both sides when we have to discern whether gender rights movements are about striving for equality or simply acting as lobbying organizations to get more good stuff for whatever group they represent.   Unpopular opinion incoming: ultimately neither side likes to admit that actual equality is pretty unrealistic and nearly unnatural. The best society can hope to achieve is to give every individual equality of opportunity, but to what extent can we as a modern civilization dump resources into combating ancient gender dispositions and indeed biology itself? Until we can completely genetically engineer humanity into androgyny, the psychological and physiological differences between males and females will always make the purely ideological concept of "equality" a difficult one to tackle.
1	The beats are mostly produced by other people and I've just collected (paid for) them and have them sitting around for use at some point.  I basically listen to the beats I have leased or created myself over and over until I get an idea and then I start writing lyrics.  Lyric writing is just a huge brainstorming of a mass of ideas that I write on notebook paper and when I'm done with that I usually have about 100 lines/jokes/ideas and I use those to actually assemble verses.  When I'm done writing the lyrics I wait a few days and come back to them and make improvements.  I record vocals usually all in one day because it's hard to get the exact same tone in different recording sessions then I spend like 70 billion hours trying to mix my vocals into the song because using premade instrumentals is the dumbest thing on the planet if you're trying to get a high quality mix.  Then I use my extremely amateur skills to master the track.  Usually I undo everything I did and just put a soft limiter on the mix and add a very small amount of reverb to smooth the edges.  Overall I am very bad at this and I just spend way more time than you could ever imagine to get these songs made.
1	I recommend the Solomid-guide by Dyrus (I think). Even tho its for 5's, the Coreitems are the same. For myself, I figured 2 startings with singed.   1) Regrowth Pendant+Pot-> double Philo/Boots-> Catalyst -> Rylias-> Tanky items ( FrozenHeart/Banshees/FoN)   2) ManaCrystal-> Catalyst/Boots -> Negatron/Chainmail (depending on enemy) -> Rylias -> Tanky   The first path is for 3's too slow (in my opinion) so i usually go with the second one. If u get farmed and/or fed you can throw a Deathcap somewhere in there for extra dmg.   Boots/Catalyst/ Rylais is really all you need. You have decent health(passive), permanent slow with your Q+ Rylais and you can farm/harrass/gank a lot withouthaving to bluepill too much because of the Catalyst. Your low-CD Ulti gives you all the resistances you need early-midgame.
0	If she asks for space and describes her feelings for her ex I'm going to go out on a limb and say shes doing that annoying woe is me with this triangle of dick mainly because she is indecisive and insecure and the dick triangle is affirming her self worth.   Your only chance is to flat out say: "Where does this leave me or us? It sounds like I'm being strung along here. This sounds like a breakup which is fine but you need to make that clear." Walk away freeze her out 100% (no calls, no texts) and go pick up some STD factories at bars. Demonstrate that she is replaceable, if she was cheating on you emotionally she wont have a reason to come after you, if she wasn't she'll try to work it out. The only reason she is doing it now is because she knows you will stick around or she is trying to let you down "in a nice way" even though doing so is the most unhealthy, unclear thing and is very manipulative on her part. I am presuming a lot but it sounds like some selfish evil shit is going on.
0	IIRC one of the elaborated reasons (in the hadith) that dogs are forbidden had to do with Mohammed. He would travel and spend the night here and there with different people but would always pray and be visited by the angel Gabriel.   One night he stayed at a home where a family had puppies. That night Gabriel didn't come. When he later on prayed and met up with Gabriel he was essentially like   "dude.  the fuck? "   And Gabriel informed him that angels cannot appear when there are animals (souless creatures) in the home.
1	At some random point I decided i just didnt want to be Bronze anymore, there goes my free time -.-' I went on like a 7 winning spree and got from bronze IV to III in 1 day. I guess i was just really lucky (I just rode the freeelo train on zed...) I played Jungle for my very first time and i kinda liked it, then played first time top with zed again and liked it even more, then i played with garen op(also top) and went ham 13-4, im still going but i cant play because of school and stuff :/ My advice to you? Play more roles and try to be atleast neutral, dont give free kills and try to help the other lanes as much as you can. Also my last tip is this  It actually helped me a lot! The people tried their best and got responses leading to ensured wins. Best luck in the fields of justice my friend and fellow bronzie :3 I hope we both get out of this as soon as possible   Sorry for bad englando
0	Pure curiosity. As humans we are drawn to things that are new, unusual, rare. Seeing people die is obviously not a pleasant experience but it's strangely alluring to see something that most of us will never see in our lifetime. It also highlights just how quickly a life can be ended and this can give one new found respect for life and the people we love.
0	Yeah..this shit happened to me about two years ago. Lent a long-time friend of mine a bunch of Xbox 360 games (few $100 worth, 8 games in total), some controllers, including Guitar Hero + Rock Band with some guitars, a mic and a drumset.   Fast forward half a year or so, I want my games back and politely ask when I could get them. He tells me no problem he'll bring them by as soon as he gets a chance. No big deal, the guy was working like crazy and I didn't want to pressure him.   Fast forward a few weeks I haven't heard from or seen him, so I ask again. I don't get a reply. So I go visit him in person, but learn that he moved. Eventually I figure out his new address and pay him a visit. I don't see any consoles in sight, but a TV is hooked up, with a nice big stereo system and some other shit. I ask about my games and gear and get told he lent them out to various friends. I lose my shit, but nothing can be done about it, I tell him get them back right the fuck away and call me when he does.   I know the people he claimed to have lent the games and controllers to so I spoke with them and they told me they never borrowed anything off him. Turns out my "friend" pawned my shit off instead.   Never. Again.
1	The biggest problem with an ARAM queue is the word "Random".   Random means that basically nobody can be accountable for their actions. An example would be that I own Nasus.  I loved Nasus back when I first started playing. He was the first champion I bought, and for my first hundred games I thought he was perfect.  However, if I ever get Nasus in an ARAM I'm positive I will either feed in a way that looks intentional or I will do absolutely nothing until they towerdive. Simply put, I don't know how to play Nasus in any meanful way and in the case of ARAM, I'd rather I didn't have him.   Fast Foward to the end. I've gone negative and it looks TERRIBLE on the K/D/A scoreboard. Should I be reported?   I am no causual player, but unless I get a champion that I can work with easily in ARAM (an AD carry, AP carry, or some other sort of assassin/tank) I will probably look guilty of feeding even if i play to the best of my abilities. If this was ranked then talk about ELO hell.  I actually wouldn't be able to carry if I got a bad champion, forcing me to dodge or pretend it's fine to lose because of bad luck.  Those that move up in our hypothetical ranked server may do it because they dodge, those who fall may fall because they let themselves be terrible champions for the sake of the word "random".   If you think this is a workable system, I do hope you get a solo queue on your own server where you can tear at the throats of like-minded individuals for not following the meta of "heal/clarity".   Otherwise, you agree that this game type cannot be graded on the same scale of seriousness with 5's or 3's. The only reports you should have should be AFKing, spamming, or a player just being a general douche-canoe. In which case you should feel free to report as you would in a normal.   However, if I am in the game with you, your opinion shouldn't affect mine at all. Your problem is with the AFK'er, not me and if you state your opinion of "  should be reported", i should feel free to put forth my retort of "_ 's mother could have just died. Take it easy, it's a custom".   That is why I doubt queue's ability to effectivly reduce toxic players, but honestly, ARAM would SUCK if it were not for the annoying dodges early. Get a bad sport who gets a random champion they don't want to play? I've had people in regular 5's game choose an already chosen roll rather than dodge, it will be no different here. They either try to force others to dodge (probably taking a 5 minute punishment) or bitch that someone refused to trade them Nidalee then feed/afk in game.   It's not like a troll who is committed to trolling is going to NOT make an excuse for it, if it's not that it's a custom, it's that it's ARAM, or that it's Tuesday, or that they are the best Nid ever, or that they can't play their champion. And it's not like I, chill mother-fucker that I am, will be any more likely to report the troll.  I'll sit there with my "deal with it" glasses on thinking "who gets mad in an ARAM?"   Aside from accessability, queue adds nothing.   P.S. First post ever!  Finally broke me from lurking, you'll always be my first <3.
0	from what I can tell, you are forced to create a Google+ account in order to interact on youtube. In addition to that, you  must  use your real name; no pseudonyms. If you are anything like me, you'd rather have relative anonymity when interacting in the youtube-verse-- especially with all the fuckheads that live on that site. I have nothing to hide, I just don't want every fucking internet interaction to be "social."   Greed is behind all this, per usual. By forcing every youtube user to "sign up" for Google +, Google can say to their advertisers:  "We have  __  number of clients."  It's a dirty tactic. Artificial inflation.   It's funny, Google's infamous company motto is "Do no evil."   I'm thinking this would be an excellent time to really take in the full meaning of those words.
0	Well, sure.   You just need to define your unit of beer and glass of wine. Shots are pretty standard.   Then you need to figure out the alcoholic content of the drink in question.  A can of craft beer is likely to be more than your average glass of wine, but some bottles of wine are more, or less, alcoholic.  So what's your average, and do you only drink that average?  Hell, even liquor varies, it just varies at the extremely high levels.   Also, how would you determine mixed drinks?  Do you carefully measure the liquor involved?  Do you expect the person making your drink to do so?
0	They aren't though. Atoms can be split, as can subatomic particles. However, it is theorized that Planck length (order of 10^-35 m) is the shortest measurable length possible, regardless of instrument quality. Physically, it isn't perfectly defined, since the distance appears in quantum mechanical equations and has not been directly observed.Determining the physics at this scale is part of the goal of the "theory of everything." So the physics of the universe really is pixelated at this scale.   If talking about colored pixels, the pixelation is much larger. It becomes very difficult to determine what something "looks like" at scales smaller than the diffraction limit (about the wavelength of light used, can go down to 200nm or smaller by use of UV). So seeing the "real color" smaller than that makes no sense, and true color pixels are actually hundreds of times the size of atoms. That is why electron microscopy (SEM, TEM, SPEM) and atomic force microscopy (among others) are used at these tiny scales. They rely on physical interactions, which have much tinier "pixels." This is why all very small microscopy images are false color. There is no "actual" color. This is kinda cool, it means the physical universe has smaller pixels than the light we use to observe it.   And also, the human eye has a limit of around 50um (micrometers). So that is our pixelation, kindof.
1	The worst thing about MIA/ss is: What would you rather watch out of the corner of your eye? The chat where you see an occasional ss or the minimap that constantly gives you highly strategic info?   I feel so degraded when our top laner doesn't ward or look at the minimap, and then dies saying: "Nice ss" (you can literally feel the irony dripping from these words)
1	As a former Shaco player myself I think the problem is the slower start at jungling. Before the jungle change you could simply smite big wraith box red kill golems and get 3. In the new jungle i figured asking for help to clear wraith box red and fast clear blue with smite would be a fast way to get lvl 3 and so he still worked after some time.  The problem for me is that the shorter box duration really slows down the speed of getting to 3. The slow from e used to get me a free flash or a kill because it was enough for the fear to proc. Now i have to kinda rely on my mate hitting cc which is often a problem at lower elos as people don't know when the perfect problem to go in is an just wait for you to go in. At higher Elos that shouldn't be a problem. Just my view on things there could be different explanations though.
0	I'm driving home from vacation.  For 300 miles, this forest green car is in front of me. Occasionally traffic would separate us, but also bring us back together. The last dozen miles, he just starts driving crazier and crazier and I'm wondering WTF he's up to. He goes down the highway and eventually disappears.  I've nearly completed my trip home when I pull up to my house to see the exact same car in front of my house. He jumps out and starts screaming obscenities about how I'm following him and everything wrong with his life.  I'm shouting "BUT I LIVE HERE" a couple times until it registers.  I show him my drivers license and the information matches up.  He turned bright red, apologized profusely, and left.  Weirdest coincidence ever.
1	No, the TRUE wannabe is the Vi I played with yesterday.   Calls jungle in champ select, other team takes Udyr. Kinda gets pissed, whatever, takes Vi anyway. I don't think anything of it until we get into game and notice Vi started with machete, 3 biscuits, and a ward. This motherfucker went 21 utility, just like Trick does on Udyr. Whatever, no biggie. Mid lane bugsplats and isnt back till like 4 minutes in, lets Akali free farm mid cuz he needs jungle camps. And on his first back, sure enough, spirit stone and Madreds. On Vi. I could have wrung his fucking neck. Lanes are ALL losing (mid tower dropped before 10 minutes) and he thinks he's gonna powerfarm his jungle. Blames our team for not having enough ward coverage to stop Udyr from stealing his camps, dies in Udyr's jungle at least 3 times trying to counterjungle.   Jesus I could go on for hours about how much that game pissed me off. 0/7 (at the time) toplane Yi 'I guess this is a lesson to dodge every game that my team picks Graves' when he picks Yi INTO SINGED, and it's everyone else's fault when Singed has a catalyst like 6 minutes into the match, not his for fucking dying twice 1v1. The few Thresh hooks I sucessfully landed, Nami just dropped bubbles on my face and Tristana went full ham (fuck her right now too, holy shit, you shouldn't be dominant at every phase of the game). The one fight we actually kinda won, I flash-hooked a minion trying to catch Udyr, and I'm about 100 percent certain it was standing behind me.   Only fucking positive thing about the match was hook-stealing a dragon when Trist tried to sneak it without sweeping the pit. And THAT was pretty much dumb luck too.
1	except that if you actually do wanna go for blue build, u need to get tear asap and start stacking it, otherwise ur mid (~4 items) powerspike is gonna be delayed a lot and your fullbuild damage is still lower lategame than traditional adcs builds.   also essence reaver is bad, even on blue build ezreal, cuz the u dont need the passive, the only thing that is argueably worth is the cdr, but bork is just so much better.
0	That's what I thought this post meant - I thought it was aimed at the couple, not the individual bride or groom. Your wedding day is about you for you - everyone else its about the being there for you and everyone getting together. For my wedding I came to terms with the fact that everything we chose came with the "what would suit our guests" at the end of it, eg, would our guests want to drive around from ceremony to reception etc? Nope - all in one venue it is. We knew what we wanted, but at the end if the day if it was about us we would have had a registry wedding to make it all about us. I don't know that I got my point across very well..
1	I think the main reason is the philosophy that most European teams still cling too.  Most teams have been around for a while, or have been together since challenger scene and qualified together.  Many of these teams are managed by the players themselves, and since they are all good friends you don't just replace a guy to gain a bit of performance in a role.  Since teams are so small and spend so much time together, personality is very important, perhaps more so than other team sports such as Football (Soccer), Handball and the likes.  Korean teams have had professional managers that look at individual performance, team chemistry and synergy for a long time.  They are also aided by coaches, analysts and a wide range of support staff. It is only here in Season 4 that this has really cough in with the NA and EU LCS teams.  If you look at Regi from TSM he was among the first NA managers to really shake up the rooster in order to try and improve the team. More teams have followed with Dignitas being a good example, but we do not as often see big changes in the EU scene just yet.
1	How does your post address your topic title?   Not wanting to play in a negative atmosphere is a completely legitimate reason not to partake in anything especially when you really only have control of yourself.   INB4 confronting problems instead of shying away from them. Works IRL sometimes but when there's a degree of anonymity, it's much harder to get someone to change their negative behaviour in 30-45 minutes.   P.S. TBH I read up to your third paragraph and then the
0	So what you're saying is that you're expecting a reward?](  [You're not "friendly" because you want them to be your friend.](  [You're "friendly" because you expect them to fuck you in return.](   [Do you also expect your guy friends to fondle your balls in return for being their friend?](   >["and it doesn't really feel like they view you as a person. just some sort of source for them to have someone to talk to."](   [It means that they view you as a "friend", a concept you're obviously not familiar with.](   [
1	I've experienced all levels of elo ranges as I learned the game...  1200 or less are people who barely know how to play.. they usually consider themselves better than the rest of their bracket even though they are not(elo hell) 1200-1400 are those who have some concept of the game but have not fully mastered the correct build orders, are average or terrible in lane in terms of exchanges with other champions and minion kills, but can play the game at basic levels. There are alot of players in this bracket who feed, not on purpose but because they don't know what they are doing. These players can single handedly turn games into losses. 1400-1600 are those who are competant with their minion kill numbers, are a little more mechanically skilled than the lower bracket, but lack either general knowledge or mechanical skills than the next bracket. This bracket is filled with people who can single handedly lose a game for their team by either making a very crucial mistake near the games determining point(ex: getting caught 40 minutes into a game), or throughout the game(feeding, etc) 1600-1800 are people who know more advanced things about the game such as : mid laner ganking the side lanes often to put the game in their favor,consistently having their lane warded, proper use of summoner spells, going to baron after 1 or 2 enemy kills at the right moment, knowing their role in teamfights somewhat, knowing how to play their champion effectively in lane in general and against different champion matchups, and they can last hit minions fairly well. This bracket mainly lacks the sense of being baited by the enemy, know when to be engaging in teamfights, average mechanical skills 1800-2000 are those who can fine tune their champions with optimal item build orders, rune/masteries.. they also have very good map awareness, exceptional minion kill numbers, can deviate from standard play such as doing an early dragon after acquiring a double kill on bottom lane. They are good to exceptional in laning and you will notice that feeders going 0-8 within 15 minutes are out of the question. 2000+ are those who clearly outperform <2000 elo players. They know the very advanced things such as applying baron pressure when their bot lane has 15+ minions pushing in their favor. Freezing their creep wave to make the enemy laner lose minion kills. Pushing out their lane very hard before recalling to shop. This bracket can make plays which will turn the game in their favor and the advantage they gain will not be easily lost(ex: a 3-0 game can be considered over simply because players at this elo can snowball an advantage this small)
1	I'll take a stab at explaining why this happens. Players who have played Sivir for a while know that her ability really only blocks the initial effect of a spell. In other words, spells with elongated effects often are able to get the second part off but the first can be blocked. For some examples, if Sivir spell shields while changed to Karma or Leblanc, the snare at the end will go through the spell shield. Until a recent patch, if Zilean threw a bomb on Sivir, you had no way to spell shield it. However if you use spell shield BEFORE the initial chain hits or before Zilean bombs you, you CAN block it. I think the specific change was made to Zilean's bombs because he can still damage you by casting on a minion (fuck that OP champ btw). Other examples of abilities that have an initial effect, an elongated cc/dot, and then a final effect (only the initial effect being shieldable) are Karma's mantra-Q, Leona's E, Nocturne's E, Zed's ultimate, and Galio's ultimate.   Now there are other abilities whose initial cast do nothing at all, but they do have this elongated duration before their ACTUAL impact is felt. These include Lux's E, Gragas's Q, Karthus's ult, and Maokai's E. The "after-effect" of ALL of these CAN be spell shielded. I think Riot realized that even though Zilean's bomb can sit on a champ for a while, he fell more into this category and added an exception for him where you can now spell shield his bombs. As opposed to the first group, you CAN wait until these abilities detonate before spell shielding and you will be fine. Abilities like Fizz's ultimate, Karthus's ultimate, and Zilean's bombs thus have TWO places where you can spell shield or banshee's: the initial cast and the eventual impact.   Now what does all this mean? I would imagine that Gnar's boomerang is one of the first abilities as far as its interaction will spell shield. It's outward flight counts as the ability's actual "effect" while its return to Gnar is considered an "after-effect" of an ability whose intentional impact has already occurred. I'm not actually sure why this is, and I think it would be interesting to know if it's intended. In any case, I would compare it most easily with Karma's mantra-Q as an ability with an initial impact (damage while it is going outward), an elongated effect (the turn and return), and an after-effect (the return damage).
1	If you need to win 2 games to recover LP from a single loss, your MMR is low. If you want your MMR to reset (warning you may get to be in a lower division) you need to wait for new season or transfer to another server. Your mmr might went down due to the fact you have tons of games like 1000~ or have bad streaks. I have a 52% win ratio with Plat2 (with decent MMR because I just transferred 2 months ago from EUW to NA) with 1000~ games of rank. I get from 20-28 points gain per game and lose 8-14 points  if i lose
1	Finding champions you enjoy playing within the meta isn't hard to do, and it shifts quite often. You'll probably find yourself winning more by following the meta too, it's the whole idea behind it after all.
1	You sound like you need to read this:   "Not fun isn't the same as anti-fun - it's an interesting distinction actually.   Think of it in positive, negative and zero terms. Fun is clearly positive. Not fun is Zero. Anti-fun is negative on that scale. Skills that fail the fun vs. anti-fun test is when one player's fun isn't really counterbalanced by the negative on the other player - And the important thing is this isn't zero-sum, suprisingly.   The subjectivity of this comes where you set your zero-point for things.   However, there are lots of things that simply aren't fun from a player perspective that is negative fun for the opponent - If for example, I made a button that lets you physically beat someone with a chair on the other side of the screen - that's not enjoyable for me - and it's very very negative for you. That's an example of a non zero-sum scenario.   As to the concern that 'anti-fun principles are hindering creativity' - well.. I'm not sure about that - you may want to ask yourself whether or not creative uniqueness is a priority for designs or not - Solid gameplay, for example, is a great goal to strive for, even if it's unoriginal.   Even though I tinker with crazy stuff all the time, I would always trade something that is solid to play rather than original/unique and mediocre."   " Do you not understand that the people doing the stunlocking and bursting are also having fun?   That statement kind of leads to the thought that having an infinite combo in a game is good design because it supposedly lets one player have an infinite amount of gratification.   Again, the measure is fun vs. anti-fun a lot of the time - Anivia's wall creates many more awesome moments than bad ones for your team - It's about ratios - And like I said before, it's a subjective point on where your zero point is.   Anti-fun is typically embodied by lock-down, shut down, or obscure-counter mechanics - They almost universally restrict and control the opponent's range of options - leading to less play overall simply because your opponent reacts less. Yes, while there will always be people who find pleasure in fighting helpless opponents who simply sit there and do  nothing  at all (see above, for the infinite case), I don't think this is gameplay we should encourage.   Chair-Beating   You're telling me that you would willingly play a game, where every so often, the opponent gets to beat you senseless with a chair? That's kind of a scary thought."
0	I didn't realize it wasn't popular either.  A lot of people are saying that it's because they feel insulted because apparently the show is making fun of nerds...I think if you're getting mad that it's making fun of nerds, you're either not nerdy enough or you don't realize that the cool part about being a nerd is that you don't have to care what people think because you're probably better than they are anyway...I play WoW, I use alternate operating systems, I'm a CS major, I show up to parties at the time they're supposed to start, and I can get really obsessive about how things need to be and when I'm interested in something I'll get really fixated on it...I don't think the show is insulting at all...I actually relate to it a lot.
1	Not necessarily. There's only a handful of champs with strong healing-reliant mechanics like Swain/Mundo/Vlad and the vast majority of them are in the crap/unviable/meh tier partly because they can literally be shut down with a single ignite (and Vlad because he's literally the worst designed champ ever). I'm aware of Quick-Silver Sash & Cleanse existing but they have their own specific issues which I can't be bothered to go in-depth on (
0	I was in the middle of a mountain road outside of city limits.  I use it as a shortcut to get back and forth between two towns and only twice in 3 years have I seen a cop, but only because they used it for the same reason I do.
1	Gotta love this subreddit. Sure let's not talk about:     Alex lost his lane hard, he was always at least 50 cs behind (and over 100 at the end) DESPITE having first blood...   the same can be applied to Soaz as well, he was constantly behind in his lane, never became a real threat outside of his ult   Edward was inexistent, he hit 1 hook the entire game, and that hook was on Alistar     The only ones that actually did anything the entire game were Diamond and Yellowpete, but hey let's blame Yellowpete because that's hip right now
1	Well from what he's said so far, it seems pretty obvious that he'd had enough of Diamondprox, which is pretty understandable given how much of an asshole the latter is.   Joining curse was a strange decision.  I feel sorry for him because of what he must be feeling right now, he wasn't just changing team, he was moving across the world away from his university, friends and family.  He must be stressed as hell probably second guessing himself, he's a young guy, it's natural.  Been there myself and it's not a great feeling.
1	This ignores the fact that there are several locations where a trap, notably Mushrooms, cannot be avoided. On a small map this is devastating. If I know a mushroom is in a location on SR, I can go around it. This is area control; I take a longer, less desirable path. On TT there are several spots where the walls are so close that a mushroom is total area denial; this sucks.
1	haha i got some LP by only playing Trydamere first and reached bronze 4 but it was no fun so i went to playing all champions again and went to Bronze 5 again.
1	Peeling is actually extremely important when your ad is the primary target of the enemy team. Lets say the enemy team has some dive heavy front line (e.g jax and rengar)... they're going to be able to lock your carry down and do full damage if they're left alone (unless your ad is a god).   What you need to do to give yourself the upper hand when this happens is use your champions with the most utility to peel for that ad carry. If you had cho'gath and taric on your team, and your top laner was something dive heavy like olaf or jarvan, your cho and taric can peel a lot with rupture/silence/dazzle, and taric can also heal you. Not to mention the amount of damage cho and taric do is actually pretty good, which can be enough when played right to save your ad while simultaneously killing their front line, leaving YOUR frontline (AP/Top laner) to go ham on their backline.   The thing is, peeling for your ad isn't always the best option, if your mid is getting focused down because they're fed or a huge threat to the enemy team, your ad should be able to kite around 1 person while your team helps your mid, and if there's no one hitting your ad, obviously they don't need peeling and you can help elsewhere while your ad has free reign to shred everything.
1	I made a big post earlier today about this, here's my link if you're interested in reading it.   I compared the gold value of the stats given against each other, comparing what each item offered over the other - being Morello's giving 20 extra AP and grievous wounds while Athene's giving 25 MR, 2% missing mana and 15% mana on kill assist while costing 400 gold more.   What I found was what you stated in a response, Athene's only gave more mana when you were in fact missing more than half your mana.   Turns out that 100% base mana regen is A LOT better than 50% mana regen + 2% missing mana.   What someone commented was that if you are a champ who always runs oom - such as Xerath, Ziggs or Orianna, you should go Athene's over Morellos, but my argument to that was that you need to consider the other stats, as Xerath and Ziggs (and Lux too to a certain extent) are fairly safe champions who aren't close to taking damage due ot the high range of their skills, meaning that the extra 20 AP from Morello's is more beneficial than the 25 MR from Athene's.   One thing I couldn't test though was the 15% mana on kill / assist - as i'm sure in team fights this is VERY helpful.   In my
0	I did this... but even though I had the willpower to uninstall it, turned out I didn't have the willpower not to redownload it... This repeated itself every two or three weeks, and I ended up spending as much time reinstalling it as I would've spent playing on it
0	It's easier to warm up in a cool house, but at the same time, I don't want to have to wear a sweater in my house.   I've seen the extreme situation where a set of female roommates split the utilities in a bizarre way. They decided that 1 pays heat, 1 pays electric, 1 pays internet, and one pays for TV. They had differing sized rooms and found an amicable solution in terms of money per utility.   Now, here comes the shitty part. The roommate who pays for the heat always turned the thermostat way down and just used the same excuse "You can always just wear more clothes." Heat roommate actually was too cold, so she plugged in an electric heater. Electric roommate finds out and flips her shit. Turns the apartment into a sauna. The argument spills over to our Softball team and it's mostly just hilarity.
1	Hello guys, I've been wanting to write a statement of my performance at Worlds 2014 and I think I've expressed myself the best way possible.   So first off, I wanna talk about my performance at Summer Playoffs as this leads up to the Korean bootcamp and my Worlds performance.   I believe i was at 50% of my full potential at that time, with a lot of confidence backing me up. As we went to Seoul in Korea for bootcamp, I reached about 70% of my potential. I improved extremely despite the fact that I wasn't as motivated for going to worlds as my teammates. Obviously i wanted to win, but seeing how much they wanted it, gave me more than enough motivation to become a stronger player and give my best.   You might be thinking, why the heck wasn't he as motivated as his teammates for Worlds, as it's a dream for every professional player? Well, the answer is simple (to me atleast).   My whole dream before 2014 was becoming a professional LoL player. When I reached that dream, or goal rather, my aims for 2014 was to become solid and confident enough to compete at that level. That was all I was looking for. I never expected I would get to worlds in my introduction to professional League of Legends.   Anyhow, as we went to Taipei, the whole Svenskeren thing happened, and he got banned for the first 3 games. I want to make it clear to everyone, that no one hated or blamed him for that - also he was the one who felt the worst from all of us.   We all basically looked at it from the bright side, that it was only 3 games and not more, and that we had a sub jungler. At first i didn't think it would hit me, playing with another jungler, but it definitely did.   So lets now talk about what happened those 6 games at Worlds group stages, and what made me play as poorly as i did:   I believe confidence has A LOT to do with a players performance on a big stage. So basically lack of confidence are the keywords in my whole performance, and everyone, including myself, would say i choked. No surprise.   So there are two possible reasons to which of why, made me play as i did;     Being me, not playing with the jungler i had played with for 1 year, including almost 200 scrims in 2 weeks time in Korea.     Being me, playing on an international stage.       The answer is obvious to me, as my confidence was at 80% in the Summer Playoffs for Worlds. My confidence was exactly at the point, of where it had to be perfect, at the time in Korea also, and there is NO way that playing against the international teams, of which I had played against for 2 weeks, or me playing on a big stage had any affect on my play whatsoever.   So to sum it all up, the whole thing with Svenskeren, kind of screwed over my confidence and therefore my performance. But as I've stated, he was never blamed or hated for this, in the team. We all tried to look at the bright side of the situation and play as well as we could, with a substitute. I also wish to mention that Gilius played extremely well, taken in consideration of what he got thrown into, with barely 1-2 days of practice in the team.   I know it is big words for me to tell you all, that my performance at Worlds, was nowhere near the level that I was actually at, at that time. But this is also for the sake of my pride, and I want to prove everyone wrong.   I have never been more motivated for Worlds, as I am now.
0	Well, if we're going to get technical, everything a healthy couple does in their relationship has its price. So while lonely Johns pay $200 for a companion/hr, couples usually have a nice dinner/flowers/movies what have you to spice up the chances of sexy adventures at the end of the "date".
1	I'm only STILL a TSM fan because of Dyrus. When he leaves I might stop caring about TSM, but Bjerg is growing on me. I know a lot of people feel the same way. Baylife for life!
0	I will pay someone what they are worth when they are worth what that they say they are worth. There's so much entitlement in this generation it's sick (I'm part of this generation). It drives me crazy when someone thinks because they show up to work on time and do their job that it deserves some sort of pat on the back and a raise. How about you do something above and beyond to show me your ambition to move up the ladder and maybe that raise will happen.   Ex. I had an employee that worked for me off and on for 8 years. He rarely came to work on time, rented an apartment from me and got behind (eventually caught up) and complained every week on how he's got a tough life. I told him he can start buying his own tools and put together a good skill set while working below our maintenance foreman and eventually move up and work on his own. 8 years went by and he never bought one tool. Eventually he started fixing his time card to show he was at work earlier than he actually was so I fired him. His response is that he's worth more money than what I'm paying him and he deserves better.   Oh and just because you have a college education it doesn't automatically mean you're going to make good money. Before you waste 4+ years of your life, look up what field you're going into to make sure it's not hyper competitive (unless you're at the top of your game and know what you're getting yourself into) and make sure it's a sought after skill set.   /rant off
0	My brother wasn't a glass blower in college, but he  did  make a ton of bongs.  Not a ton of money, he traded for weed.   Here's the anecdote:   I went up to visit him while I was on break in high school, but he still had classes.  Stayed in the dorm with him, and he'd make a bong a day, out of  anything  he could find.  MacGyver type, you know one, or are one. I tested out his creations while I was there. Anyway, one morning, he built a monster bong out of some sort of high density cardboard tubing and some bits of metal from the shop (he's a mechanic, was going to school to learn more then).  It was about 4 feet long, and the bowl was probably teacup sized.  Monstrous.  He told me to get into the closet (typical dorm non-built-into-the-wall kind), and handed me The Beast.   I sat there on a shelf while he packed the utter shit out of that bowl.  After a little bit of trouble getting it lit up to his satisfaction, he slapped some metal lid contraption with a hose coming off it onto the bowl and slammed the closet door, with me in there.  I had no idea what was going on, but then I heard him fire up an air compressor.  The next thing I knew, my eyes were burning, my lungs were burning, and him and his roommate held the door shut, until the smoke pouring into the room died down (I think it was less than a minute.  Air-powered turbo bongs burn very quickly, that's why he packed it so much).  I don't remember a whole lot from the rest of that day, except wanting [these]( really badly.   He sold that for 50 bucks, complete with (stolen) air compressor, and that's 1982 bucks.
0	OP: your daughter has good analytical skils. Do try to encourage her alternative thinking. I have software engineers in my team who wouldn't have done it as elegantly as she did. I know as I know how they code.
0	I feel like I should impart some wisdom to maybe my peers and to those in college now. Like you, I still look for that dream job that I want. However I can't stress enough that while college is still super important for learning how to think in different ways and problem solve. However that clich line "Its not what you know, its who you know" well its true but its also "Its not what you know, its what you do".   Story time!   After doing an internship in D.C and graduating with a B.A in Political Science, I sought out an internship in a local congressional officer. I did this for two reasons: 1) Mostly to learn more about the politics at the local level and get some more real world experience. 2) I interned for a organization that plays a big role in finance....this was in 2008...I was graduating in the spring of 09...I knew I was in trouble.   So here I interned for close to a year, free internship, and getting to know the ropes of how a local congressional works and getting a good feel of my district. I lucked out and the congressman was also the same party I belonged to. Some time passes and I'm asked to help with a local campaign. It was only for a week or so (it was October) but I kind of gained insight on what you need to run a election. More time passes and my internship ends, but I am asked to help with the congressman's reelection campaign. So here I am knocking on doors (getting paid), and in general just getting tons of experience. He loses unfortunately and latter drops from politics for reasons I won't discuss. In any case, what I thought would be a ticket to some type of future, just dematerialized.   I was bummed, and despite my experiences they didn't seem to matter. No one was clamoring for the young guy who had experience. I went into the cycle of looking at postings, and then a few less, eventually just stopping altogether just because it would make me so depressed. Trying to get back to D.C somehow or maybe even just going in a different direction like teaching English in another country, anything to fill this void in my soul. I started working at a job I hated, none of my skills or experiences mattered, I felt like a failure, that I let myself, friends, and family down. Here I thought I would be making a nice salary at a job and having to worry about "golden handcuffs", instead I was worrying if I was going to get enough sleep after working late hours. I was like this for almost 2 years.   After deciding to start losing weight on the body I was neglecting (still fat, just less of me), I saw a e-mail for a small political party convention. Normally I looked at these with disdain. However I decided that I needed to take hold of my destiny, and with a governors election taking place, I thought now is my chance. So I went and was probably the only one under the age of 50, and towards the end of the event I approached the party chairman, told him about my past experiences and how I wanted to help. After hearing where I was from, it turned out that there was no candidate running for office. He asked me "would you like to run for office?", and I gave a most resounding "Umm...sure why not"   I will spare the details, as this is getting long, but for the next six months I   campaigned pretty much every day. On my days off, before work, I was determined to win this thing. Then came the big night I was working for, we started counting the votes and...I lost.   I wasn't too disappointed however, mostly because I had a panic attack/ stressed myself out a week earlier, so it was out of my system. We came close, closer then my party has in about 15 years. Most of all, thousands of people looked at me and said "That's the guy we want" All the thing I had done had lead up to this point. My degree, my experiences, the people I talked to, allowed me to do this. Most of all, people are asking me "When are you running again?" You see, it was me who got me to this point, that at the age of 27, just ran a competitive race, that has never been seen in my area. I also learned that it was me holding me back, that I allowed myself to doubt my abilities.   I suppose the message in all of this is: College is just another stepping stone, it's up to you if you move forward.
1	Challenger MMR helps. In other words, credibility. If I'm learning a new champion, like Jayce for instance, I'm going to go watch JustJayce. The reason people watch streams, generally, is to learn. No offense, but I value the opinion of someone in D1/Challenger over that of someone in low plat. A big part of streaming is credibility in my opinion, because that is the only way the masses will listen, and be entertained.
0	I worked in a restaurant a few years back with this guy named Jeff.  Now, Jeff knew a little bit of Spanish, but mostly just the kind of words that he heard all the Mexican kids yelling in PE and whatnot.  So one day, all the Hispanics working in the kitchen of the restaurant were completely riled up about something and kept saying stuff like "El jefe es un idiota!" (except their words were a bit more vulgar).  Of course, my friend Jeff thought they were talking about him and got so fucking pissed off until finally he exploded and was like "I know what you fucking guys are saying!"  It took a minute for the kitchen staff to realize what the hell he was pissed about, but then they just started cracking up.  He never really lived that one down.
1	It takes time and experience to fully comprehend the game. I'd get at least 300-400 normal wins before playing ranked. Don't ever get cocky or rage, remain calm and focused while at the same time having fun with it. Don't expect anything, expect everything. Knowing when to push, when to harass, how to farm, when to engage, how to zone, ward, freeze, etc. will all come in time. You've gotta do your research, know all champs, watch games, guides, plays. Play to be a better player, not a higher ranked one. In higher ranks you'll need your muscle memory to kick in as well as your swift decision making. Like I said, it will take time.
0	A friend of mine who has aspergers ranted on this subject.   "So Elliot Rodger, the UCSB shooter, apparently, like Sandy Hook shooter Adam Lanza, had Asperger syndrome. And it's just a matter of time before the crazies come pointing their fingers at it and criticizing society for not offering better care for those with Asperger syndrome, other autism spectrum disorders, and mental conditions in general.   It's not society's fault. It's not a mental health issue. It's not a gun control issue.   Rodger was a spoiled brat. His father directed one of the Hunger Games films, and has made a fair amount of money in the film industry. Everything was handed to him. How else does a 22-year-old community college student drive a BRAND NEW BMW? When everything is given to you, it's never enough. And Elliot Rodger wanted something that couldn't just be handed to him: love and sex.   In a video he uploaded just before he killed seven and wounded seven others, Rodger blamed his to-be-committed actions on the women that he said never wanted to be with him or have sex with him. As if it's THEIR fault. Sounds like Rodger didn't quite make himself seem very inviting of a loving relationship when he stated that "humans are a depraved, wretched and disgusting species."   And at the same time, where were his parents? Too busy to love their son? Too busy to care for him? Too busy to be involved in his life enough to know that something wasn't right? That his withdrawn nature (a feature of Asperger syndrome) was fostering a sickening desire to commit mass murder? No, let's just have Daddy cure it all with a BMW and all the money in the world. Because that MUST be what he needed to make him happy! It is OBVIOUS in Rodger's conduct that he was never shown a familial love or anything even resembling it.   I have Asperger syndrome. Never in a million years would I even CONSIDER committing such a cold-blooded and senseless act like that of Rodger. I know several others with Asperger syndrome and other autism spectrum disorders. Not a single one of them would ever harm another human being. Asperger syndrome is not the issue. It is not the hallmark of a sick murderer. What it is, is a sign that that child needs his or her parents and family involved in their daily lives, always caring and loving them.   In the coming days and weeks of media speculation, I'm positive that Rodger's ignored Asperger syndrome will get many a finger pointed its way as being a cause. I'm sure that the gun control debate will flare up once again. And those who oppose gun control will point their fingers at mental health care. But you're all wrong. Neither of those are the issue.   The issue here? Parents, if your child has Asperger syndrome, please, I implore you, do not EVER fail to show them the utmost love and care and affection, as you would any of your other children. Those of you who already do, I thank you so much. Your love towards them is a powerful measure in preventing them from spiraling into depression and angst, as Elliot Rodger did. And if you have Asperger syndrome and live away from home, please, fight the withdrawn nature that so easily dominates our psyche. Establish connections with those around you. Make plenty of friends. Keep yourself busy and reminded of the closeness you have with others."
1	This is gonna be a long rant, sorry all. ELO hell is not a place. It's a mindset. Everyone thinks they're in ELO hell. People complaining, trolling, etc is hell. People in different ELO ranges tend to act similarly to each other. They form a mindset for that ELO. If you abuse how your ELO works, you'll climb. I learned that recently. One guy feeding one game cause it's a terrible matchup(ie lee sin vs wukong) doesn't mean youre in ELO hell. Someone will always be better than you. That matchup happened today. I was Lee Sin. Crushed everyone after completely wrecking Wu. 2. This 1350 vs 1350 crap you talked about, yea, no. I'm 875 ELO. I was 800, won 5 games in a row. I duo que, with 1200-1400 Elo friends. I win my lane. A lot. Does that mean my team sucks when I lose? No. I didn't do enough for the team to help them. I've literally gone 39/6/11 or something rather as LB and lost. That's when I stopped blaming my team for everything. Even though I could take out both ad and ap carry before a fight ensued, we'd still lose because I didn't help out enough early game. The whole carry yourself out thing is bs. So is the idea about matching yourself up with others based on common roles. Break the meta, fuck it, or learn to play all roles. That's what I did. I practiced in normals and now I'm back I'm ranked, climbing. Remember how I said abuse the ELO you're in? People in mine like to say top or mid before hello. 1 word. That's all they give. But, if you use positive reinforcement and learn to play any role, people will be happy. No one does this in my range so the other team falls apart quickly and points fingers. I'm usually last pick. I can play any role. I have 85 champs or so. I'm ready for what comes at me. Sorry if I sound like I'm bragging, I'm not. I'm saying learn every role. 5 ad carries aren't gonna cut it. (although 5 support seems to work well). I'm saying ELO is a number. Someone said to me "oh you've been 800 ELO for 5 months trolol". Yup, I was. I didn't touch ranked for several months. I learned every role, how to farm, ward, freeze lanes, counter pick, etc and came back to ranked. I was 575 ELO once. My irl friend dragged me into ranked. I didn't even know what Elo was at the time. We had a dodger. He got put on other team. I completely annihilated him. People have said " oh look last pick is a lol guru" then I carry them because none of THEM wanted to ad carry.
0	parked on a narrow side street in the town center,   double yellow lines on one side, single on the other.   everyone else was parked on the double yellow line which means you can't park here.   no one was parked on the single yellow line which means you can't stay here but you can pull up and run into the bank :)   the idea as i understand is to keep the road clear enough so that people can freely move through this road   so in comming to it I can either do as the road tells me an park on the right side where I'm legally allow to and block traffic because no one else has parked on the left or park on the same side as everyone else where I'm not supposed to park but that still allows traffic to freely move.   an object lesson in legal ethics. do what the law asks defeat the purrpose of the law disobey the letter of the law and perserve the funuction of the law.   so after 5 minitues in the bank I come back to a ticket on my windshield. doh! but then i get to thinking this isn't rght everyone always parks like this the road should change to fit reailty. it doesn't hurt anyone when we park like this so i'll ask to change the road.   so i rang the local authority, got hold of the highways department explain the situation, asked how I go about changing the road markings. they said they'd look into it for me.   when i go to pay the ticket they said it had been canceled the local authority had made an exeption on that road because they felt the lines need to be changed to reflect the use by residents.   and that boring arsed story wasted so much time
1	People don't actually believe that pro's are pro's because they have been playing for a longer period of time do they? I mean do people truly not believe that there is a skill in gaming both mentally and physically you are born with on top of the skills you can hone in on your own?   I am a basketball coach, and while I can coach you all the skills in the world and you can spend every waking moment of your entire life perfecting your shot, dribbling, passing, understanding of the court movement, defenses, offenses etc. If you are not gifted naturally with God given talent, size, speed, and just athleticism AKA being Rekkless Doublelift, Bjergson, you will not be a pro just because you put in more time into the game, you have to have natural talent, and manage your time in game properly.
1	this ^ as a player of jax around the 1400 elo range, a good rumble in lane SHITS on him. basically jax's weakness is his pre-6 game. the worst thing you can POSSIBLY DO is play passively pre 6. q/w combo is on a pretty long CD early levels, and untill he gets his ult and a piece of gunblade, its actually pretty hard for him to 1v1. gank his lane over and over, play a bursty mid lane champ, play an early ganking jungle, do everything you can to make his life hell so he doesnt get farmed.
1	my god, i have this friend A and friend B. I usually duo-q with friend A in normals, and after game if we search up the players, the people we are laning against are usually 1400-1700 elo.   We invited friend B this time, and as soon as the game completes loading he says   "matching making fail"   "why am i going against 1500 elos lol"   "gg"   and then he proceeds to say   "I searched you all up :D"   and then we lost the game because all of us played bad, and he still thinks we lost because of matchmaking. It's very frustrating dealing with him, so we simply stopped inviting him to our games.
1	Easy. Carrying from support isn't hard, it just takes a different skillset. First and most important. You can't just be another body/walking ward. You have to get out there and make good decisions and follow those up with bigs plays. Don't be scared to try for the flash ult. Sometimes they won't work (they should most of the time or you need to re-evaluate when you do them), but that's okay. You tried to make a big play and it didnt work. Failed big plays as support usually just means the fight doesn't happen, it doesn't lead to lost teamfights too often. Last thing, you MUST keep your team mates objective focused.  If I had to guess the number1 cause of throws, it would be getting bloodthirsty I stead of getting objectives.
0	My mom was a huge germaphobe and kind of insane, so if we fell ill, we got in trouble for it. So I was always on edge at school about touching doorknobs and shit because I didn't need to have my mom scream at me for catching a cold. Anyway, whenever I had a sleepover I always had one friend that was always, ALWAYS sick and she insisted every time she came over it was "just allergies." I was just like, "Dude, stay the hell home! Do you have any idea how much trouble I'm going to get into if you're contagious?!"
0	This. Also, you need to be in complete agreement on the Big Five:   (1) Money  -- the biggest destroyer of marriages.  source . And you need to work all this stuff out  before  you get married, preferably even before you're engaged. Make a budget. Agree to stick to it. Decide well before the marriage how the bank accounts will be set up (joint? separate? joint with separate?), who will pay what bills, who will be responsible for what expenditures. You also need to establish an unbreakable, uncompromising set of rules for how the money will be spent and how the family will decide on big purchases. If the rules are broken, even the tiniest bit (which will happen with her during the planning for the wedding and him whenever a new XBox comes out), it's time for a serious conversation.   (2) Kids  -- it seems like everyone has them, but some people don't want them. Me? I'm on the fence. On one hand I think I'd be a great dad and I'd love to raise children in a safe, loving environment where they could reach their full potential. On the other hand, I'm scared I'll screw it up and I'm still too selfish to want to sink my entire paycheck into another human being's survival. The bottom line is: I don't want children right now, and I don't know if I'd ever want children in the future. Unlike most men I know,  I tell every girl I'm dating this information.  Some completely agree, some stay with me for a while, some stay with me for less than that, and some end it on the spot.  You need to have complete agreement on (a) whether the both of you want children, and (b) how many  before  you get married.  A disagreement here could sink your marriage. Either she resents you because you don't want kids and you made her force the decision on you, or you resent her because you don't want kids and she forced it on you. Either way, the kids suffer. One parent ends up picking up all the slack and the other secretly downs scotch at the bar across the street from work because the idea of going home to screaming children makes him want to put a gun in his mouth.   (3) Sex  -- you need to be physically attracted to the person you are with. Don't settle. And the two of you need to have sexual chemistry. You don't have to be the best he's ever had, but the two of you have to be congruent. If you're into the normal, typical, three-positions-and-we're-done routine, it's probably not going to be a good idea to get married to someone who likes orgies, extreme BDSM, or is a scat fetishist. You'll be depriving them of something they physically need, and if you can't provide them with it, they'll look outside of the marriage to obtain it. I don't care how religious or how moral the both of you are. Sex is the primal drive of our species; it drives everything. For the men--cuddle after sex (some women find that as important/if not more important than the act itself), use that time to pillow talk and become more emotionally intimate with your wife/gf, and back off on asking for sex all the time. For the women--initiate sex every once in a while (makes a man feel wanted and desired), NEVER use sex as a weapon to get what you want, and always make your man feel like he's the only lover you could ever want. For the both of you-- communicate.  Tell your partner what you like and what you don't like, and don't be shy about it. The bedroom is a special place for a marriage, so let yourself go.   (4) Religion --preferably, the two of you share the same religious beliefs (or lack thereof). If you're an atheist and she's a born-again Christian, that marriage will end in disaster. If you're agnostic (but raised in a traditional Judeo-Christian family) and she's a Buddhist, you need to evaluate whether you're okay with the fact that: (a) your children will be raised according to Buddhist ideology, (b) you will not have a Christmas tree in your home, (c) you will have to explain to your children why Santa Claus doesn't come visit them but he visits all the other kids, etc. I can come up with other examples for agnostics dating people of any faith (Hinduism, Judaism, Muslim, etc.). NOTE: I also used the fact that she will raise the children in her faith because  that's what's going to happen.  The faith of the children is decided by the mother 99% of the time, and, the other 1% of the time, the mother's mother decides it. You, as a man, will have no choice in the matter.   (5) Family  -- you don't have to love his in-laws as much as you love your own parents (assuming that you do), but you do have to look out for certain issues that may pop up, based upon family history and genetics. For example, I have a strong genetic predisposition to diabetes and almost every cancer imaginable. My GF needs to know that  before I put a ring on it  because there is a chance that I may die young. Alcoholism is genetic, as is Alzheimer's. I'm not saying you shouldn't marry someone because there is a chance, down the road, that they might develop dementia. But what I am saying is, you need to look at that and think to yourself,  if this person is completely incapacitated and I have to be the only person who takes care of them, would I be willing to do it?  If your answer is a resounding yes, then you know you've found someone special. If your answer is no or meh, then you should move on. Also, remember the age old adage: women marry their fathers and men marry their mothers. If he's got a mom who caters to his every whim, what kind of wife do you think he is looking for? If she's got a dad who spoils her rotten and gives her everything she wants without her having to ask twice, what kind of husband do you think she is waiting for?
0	Gonna piggy back off this with a long story of when I was going registering through jobcorp medical with an assigned group. They call the group into the medical rooms by gender first all the boys, then the girls. So the 4 other dudes I was with( 3 black 1 white) were all just talking, preparing to leave when this girl (backed up by 2 of her friends) starts freaking out saying her wallet was stolen out of here purse. (Which she left on a nurse desk station, in the middle of the hall where the group I was with was told to wait.)   We all told her none of us stole it. She then starts threatening us and tried to guilt trip us in giving it back; No one gave it up. At this point I am kinda nervous as if I somehow stole it magically by being the tallest, biggest black dude around; all of the dudes know its not looking good for us right now.  So the next thing we know security get called down and had us emptying out pockets. Security ask us to just give it up nothing will happen, which we all know is BS.   I'm just chilling silently watching how this plays out, when the girl and her friend out of the blue say it was me saying "It was probably SteelLo since he is so quiet". I'm defending myself with a simple "nope wasn't me I am just over here watching" being stoic as ever and this lady and her +1 start yelling at me to give it back. When suddenly the adviser ask is there any other place it could be, her other friend luckily was sane, and suggest to check the girl's car as they left to do whatever while the males where being checked.   Turns out she finds it in her car, security goes away, and everything is fine. All the dudes just go out into the lobby and we just start laughing, discussing what just went down. The girls begins to walk out a couple minutes later and pass by us they are all giggling too, except the "victim". As she walks past me head down in her phone, I catch her glancing at me and I just give her the smuggest grin I could muster as I sat back in my seat.
1	Ad/as teemo was my favourite champion for all of season 2- I literally learned to play the game with him. His kit literally helped me learn to harass, farm, ward and his W was an amazing escape mechanism if I messed up, as I regularly did.   When I played teemo for the first time, something clicked. After a 30minute game I knew I was good with this champion, and I continued to play him. From levels 5-30, he was pretty much the only champion I played- I just found him so versatile and fun, and I was good with him- I went legendary most games   When season3 came I stopped playing teemo, mainly because I was learning other champions, but the removal of madreds blood razor screwed up my build for him completely   I guess I could say, as a sort of
0	A guy in a shitty white dodge pickup rearended me when I was waiting at a stop light. I got out to make sure my car wasn't completely fucked. My car looked completely fine despite the hard hit. When I'm looking at my car the guy takes off. I get back in my car and follow him and phone his plates in.   Later that day I find out that my car had actually been totaled despite showing no outside damage. My trunk wouldn't open and the crumple zone in my trunk where the spare tire is, is completely smashed in, but the outside of my car looks perfect.   The next day I take my motorcycle to work and while on my way I see the same fucking shitty white pickup truck. I turn and follow him into a parking lot and phone it in again.   Cop arrives as he's coming out and I explain what happened. The cop didn't seem to give too much of a shit since my car wasn't there, but I got the guy admitting that he hit my car and that he left because there was "no damage".
1	Strength Of Spirit- "Grants up to +3 Health Regen per 5 seconds for each 400 Maximum Mana"   this is copy pasta from a mastery origianlly in the defense tree. EVERY ryze (at that point- this was before rework- when he was 1-trick pony) would take this mastery. It's champion dependent, but it has a place. >Reinforced Armor- "Reduces damage taken from critical strikes by 10%"   some adcs (weixiao, from WE, famously) pick 1 red crit rune so they can "get lucky". In a 1v2 lane getting lucky might mean a kill- or might mean mister olaf runnin away with 4 hp.
1	Focus the one that is easier to attack for you and your support meaning when you are laning your focus should be     CS   Poke Enemy ADC   Poke Enemy Support     Now when you take these decisions it is up to you and your support should be ready to support you with these.   About the tanky support's its much better when you peel them off that means when their initate can't be covered up or its hardly being covered and you move back while hitting the support in the back, though you can also think about the enemy ADC if he goes full in you rather fight them or peel off.   Taking an example of an enemy lane of Leona & Corki, if Corki uses his Valkyrie to join the Leona's Burst its better when you Peel Off and Attack the Corki when he is going back, if Corki doesn't use Valkyrie you Peel off And Hit the Leona, of course these should happen if you peel off good and you are healthy enough to fight them back.   About exhaust a support should never use it on the other support unless the enemy support is running under his turret w/o flash and it is for securing a kill.   Me as an ADC can say this much but the time of exhaust is up to support though ADC Champs are based on burst or on their DPS damage, aka if a Corki dives in its better to exhaust him directly to not proc Leonas Passives for Full Damage in between his auto attacks.
1	I think tsm lustboy is confirmed. Firstly the darius and leena leaks on having a new member, then gleeb using a similar excuse as xpecial and bjerg and amazings streaming angle to hide gleebs set up. Lastly,   yea...the account has been gaining elo at a respectable pace, although adc is played on it, its not surprising for smurfs to play adc to gain elo till diamond.
0	when gas is cheaper, ppl don't care about cars conserving gas, auto manufacturers go back to making cars that get bad mileage, morons buy them anyway when gas is underpriced, they need more gas, environment dies, planet dies.
1	I also played both LoL and SC2 SoloQ. I think it just really depends on the person you are. I get anxiety when playing LoL Ranked Queue but was able to play tons of 1v1 SC2 rankeds in a row without even being nervous. I was more focussed on my build order and the strategy I'm doing this time. I'm not sure why there's a huge difference in feeling anxious (for me at least) depending on what game I'm playing, but it might have to do something with friends. Everytime I lose in LoL, half my friendlist commentates on the loss, which really makes me not wanting to play another one for some reason. It feels like every game matters so much, since I get 10 responses after each one. In SC2 I only had like 2 people in my friendlist, who I started playing with and I didn't feel the need to explain myself after every loss.
0	Everyone sees posts like this and hates on feminists/feminism but the fact of the matter is that "man hating women" are extremists and the opposite of what feminism is meant to accomplish. Dislike towards either gender is moronic bias. Feminism is about equality, it's about women being seen as equal beings to men in their rights. People take the few outspoken faux-feminist extremists and choose them to represent feminism as a whole but that's like saying the Westboro Baptist Church represents Christianity as a whole. Most men feel threatened by feminism because it's hard for men to see the millions of small inequalities we hold in our culture and society until you take an opposite point of view. I am male and have learned and seen a lot of things that have expanded my horizons. The sad thing is that I may have agreed with OP some years ago. Stop feeling threatened by the idea of equality and help work towards it.
0	Yes, but not all migraines are severe. I was really surprised when my doctor told me that my "bad headaches, but not super bad" were migraines. She said there is such a thing as a mild migraine, and that the diagnostic criteria for migraines are NOT the severity but certain unique symptoms like one-sidedness, nausea, auras, other family members also having them (migraines are strongly genetic), etc. My headaches had all those specific traits even though they are not extremely severe. And the key thing: mild migraines do NOT respond to regular over-the-counter meds for regular headaches, but DO respond to prescription migraine meds. (Apparently both the mild and severe forms are due to the same underlying problem in blood flow, and can be treated with the same drugs).   This was a life-transforming discovery for me. Now I have prescription meds that can actually make my headaches go away! This is huge for me because even though I don't get the super severe form, they're definitely bad enough that I have to skip work.
1	I honestly dont think Janna destroys her. Hmm actually if were talking competitive play maybe. But if you have varus and leona in lane, Janna is way to squishy at level 2 to stand up to an all in. Usually I can land my eq combo with varus quick enough to kill her or force her out before her adc can even get off her 2nd auto. Post 6 is a bit trickier ill admit, but either way were talking about more entertaining the LCS. I think Janna and Leona would be much more entertaining in the LCS.
1	Nope. E is a spell that can always be cast if at least one soldier exists. If it reports that the user didn't click close enough to a soldier (and if there are more than one soldiers in the world--if there's only one, Azir goes to that soldier) we assume the spell didn't fire and refund CD and mana.   I did an oopsie in the detection bit of whether or not the spell did fire and so if there were ult soldiers within 600 units of the actual target, the spell thought it didn't fire.
0	Yeah I didn't get halo 4 because of this. I was insulted for thinking I'm better than everyone else and that kids buying halo 4 dosn't mean they will be little dicks.   It's all hype and never actually happens.
0	I inadvertently started growing a beard recently. (My electric razor self-destructed.)  To my surprise, suddenly, my wife and daughter are more in love with the idea of me having beard than I am.  My coworkers have nothing negative to say. I've not experienced one incident of derisive laughter. And my beard isn't particularly impressive.
1	I started playing soloQ rankeds mid-s2 and from then i just have one ojbective. This season i gtop placed in bronze II and i got really angry about it. I just said to myself that this season i have to make it to gold V. In march it was going quite well because i go into silver IV. Now i fell to silver V and i kinda lost faith. I started playing ONLY rankeds and it didin't go good. So i played couple of normals, arams and after a ranked or two and it went better. Now i'm on my promotion to silver IV and i again hope i make it to gold V. So making yourself an objective helps but sometimes makes you mad, if you lose a game which you should win and fall a division lower or if you're playing 3v5 and lose points. But now i'm on a 11 game winning streak including 3-4 rankeds and i'm trying to get into gold V. Today i had a game with Sona in which i had really much fun making my teammates work together and never give up, so i don't find this boring, though sometimes frustrating. I will keep on playing LoL for a long time.
1	You nailed the entire point with your second sentence. New languages are born out of the 'misuse' of older languages. People change the way that they communicate over time and that leads to new systems and new rules. That doesn't make the new set of rules wrong. It just makes them different. I also find it interesting that words are changed and adapted over time, but I was just trying to guide you away from the misconception that differences in languages imply that one is correct and one is incorrect. Situations like this are rarely black and white.   For instance, let's take the words 'black,' 'blank,' 'bianco,' and 'blakkr.' All of these words can be traced back to the same Proto-Indo-European roots that mean 'empty' or 'blank.' Eventually, some languages came to adopt the term to represent what we currently know as the color 'black' in English. Other cultures came to use it to represent the color known as 'white' in English. That's why you end up with black and bianco, two words that came from the same root, but have completely opposite meanings.   In short (hah!), if you were simply trying to share the Latin roots of the word, then more power to you. If you were trying to use it to discredit the way that it's used in English, then you're ignoring the entire process by which language is created.
0	I either replied to the wrong comment, or misread your comment.   either way it's almost 3:30 AM here on the east cost in the USA, and as such, I excuse myself from committing either error (meaning it's late, I'm sleepy, and probably shouldn't be commenting).
1	It was last year on October.   I was addicted with Steam/Valve games (TF2 in partcular) and one of my friends asked me if i wanted to play LoL, i installed it, played 2 rounds, didn't understood anything at all (he was very bad at explaining) and i left.   December kicks in and my brother asking me countless times to let him play (his PC fucked up) so i let him and started getting some interest, and before he went away from home i still didn't touched the game.   Sick and tired of Team Fortress being nothing but hats and misc i decided to finally to play game (during Vi's release/january) andpicked Gangplank (because pirates are badass) i loved it to the point where i wanted to get good it, i got to Gold so i still have a lot of practice to do.
1	Ill never be in perfect physical shape but I go to the gym 6 days a week, Ill never be the pinnacle of perfection as a football player.. but I still go to practice. I agree perfect balance is unachievable especially w new champs, and items every few months. But it doesnt mean stop aiming for it, it also doesnt mean let certain champs spin out of control and dominate league until a more op champ is released.  Consider these winrates though. Are you looking at all leagues? Just LCS? U can afk a lane in bronze and win it.. Win rates become sku'd (severly imo) under challenger.. (No im not challenger, but I do like to read alot, and many players who work their way up to challenger have said that there is still alot to be learned all the way through Diamond II) -Fiora is easy to play in low brackets that will boost her win rate -low knowledge players not know how to itemize against her -low knowledge players grouping up for said ulti and giving her the kill She is a freelow champ that you can play placement-gold I until u get to players who know how to play against her in lane, and as a whole unit. Which is why you dont see her in LCS. Winrates are sku'd honestly.   Lucian is an ADC and though he might have been strong as an ADC, that position is much harder to play, than fiora spam dash, press R... her KIT is easy, but she isnt an auto win if you know how to play against her. Lucians win rates would have been higher if ADC was as easy to play well as a melee top.   Same with Amumu.. do you think an Amumu would catch an entire team in ulti almost every time (as I see daily) in the LCS?..
0	While it is true that gmo crops often offer a greater return on investment there is a lot more risk involved. As an example clearfield canola (hybrid but same principles apply) seed costs ~45 to 55 dollars per pound; while an older strain that can be legally reseeded is worth the market price of canola, ranges usually between 8 an 15 dollars per bushel (55 pounds). Typically clearfield goes on around 5 pounds per acre while the lower yeild uses ~7 per acre and usually yields in the low to mid 30s.   Conservitively saying 32 for conventional that means that to cover the extra 248 dollars per acre the expensive crop not only needs to yeild close to 50 bushels per acre but you also have to pray for high prices.
1	Let's go through some basic assumptions then. Let's assume the following things.     Games are different with different champions and different abilities on either sides.     You can't control how much specific damage your team will do to the buff, vice-versa with the enemy buff, with 100% predictability.       Under those two assumptions, it's safe to say that by getting damage on early buff and wolves; it would create irregular data. Irregular data is pointless and unreliable.   So, the only way we can get standardized data which can be used to compare junglers would be to get it without any other factors. This way junglers' ability, albeit not entirely practical, will be compared with another junglers' ability on an equal level.   In regards to how the data can be interpreted effectively, it can be used to address how changes to jungle can effect clear times, or which junglers use the least amount of health to do camps, or which junglers deal the most damage, or which junglers can be the most reliable even when occasions where you don't get a leash arise.   Of course, you can make an argument that the data can't be used to address viability; however, there are often times that junglers may have to do buffs themselves without the team in the case of a jungle defence / scout / late invade (often done by pro teams). In these cases, knowing which junglers can successfully clear a jungle safely without dieing to camps is extremely helpful.   Moreover, the data can be used to compare how junglers fair against other junglers in terms of clear time. Assuming junglers get the SAME leash, then junglers should be able to clear JUST as fast or faster than without a leash. Clear times can just be subtracted from how much time was reduced from the leash on both sides. If the argument is made that one jungler gets a really strong pull and the other jungler gets a really weak pull, then that's an uncontrollable factor in the equation that's incalculable.   If you have good understanding of clear times, even with a leash you can use it to your advantage. Although you won't get an ABSOLUTE time (which is impossible due to initial assumptions), you'll be able to get an approximate time.
1	ward kills were funny and ok to cheer for... for the first 12-20 wards. but when the game draws out like this with little to no fights, of course the crowds going to be bored and make best of the situation, which i feel that shouldn't be a thing.
1	Stop crying, he said he stopped playing. If anything he did more then most people. But I guess you can be a dick since you're a saint.
0	It was the musician Voltaire. We've briefly met at shows and he was in town for a private show, and tweeted about looking for something to do in the area or events. I took a chance and messaged him (it took a lot of courage haha) and wrote sentences like "You should do a fan meet up" imaging a public thing with a couple people.   Instead he mentioned drinks, and maybe dinner. I show up, and we had dinner reservations and it was mind blowing sitting next to him.   You might not even have heard of him, so this story may mean nothing to you... but in my mind he's someone I REALLY admire, so for me it was like sitting next to [insert whoever is super famous and popular right now]. Just crazy, hearing his voice and looking at his face haha.   He was great at answering questions, and surprising blunt and honest which I loved.   I'm thinking he's just a great guy that wanted someone new to talk to, and I'm sure reaching out to fans like that just helps himself too since I'm over the moon and going to keep supporting him forever.   Its hard to get sick of an artist if he buys you fucking dinner and talks to you for a couple hours!
0	This is a yellow jacket...These are highly aggressive, and can sting multiple times...They will build nests anywhere... they are carnivorous...They are an invasive species, and I would recommend anyone that sees them stock up on RAID and do your part to help these bastards go extinct.   Yeah, for the last few years, I have had a  massive  yellow jacket infestation  IN  my house, and it's been awful.   They nest in and around the roof. They enter by the apex, and where the siding is loose from the house. It's pretty clear that they are both scavengers, and aggressive. They fly around my porch and door almost constantly on any warm day. Sometimes they'll leave you alone, and sometimes they'll fly at you aggressively. Roll the dice.   But if they fly at you aggressively, the worst part is knowing that they have tons of pals around to back them up. And I've read that if you squish them, some type of pheromone gets released, alerting the others to danger.   Last year the infestation got so bad that they were not only nesting under the roof / siding, but also building multiple external nests around the roof and porch. Landlord came by with a power washer one day, and sprayed all the external  nests off while cleaning the siding.... New nests began appearing literally the  next day.   I  hate  these little bastards. Some days it makes me nervous to even leave the house. (I haven't been stung since I was a kid, but I've read that some people who are allergic don't develop the allergy until they've been stung a couple times? Been a bit more nervous since I read this. Like, what if I'm allergic and don't even know it? Hell, I'm not even sure I've ever been stung by a jacket or wasp, specifically. :/ )   The year before last we had some moderate success with a cheap plastic trap we found at a local store. Kind with holes in the side that you hang, and fill with sugar water or something. It did trap quite a number of them, and the problem seemed smaller that year. But then the trap broke, and haven't been able to find one since. Guess I'll have to look online....
0	Over Thanksgiving while I was home I ran into my grade school bully. I'm not one of those people who is still angry about what happened when I was a kid, so I was nice and talked to him for awhile. He started acting a little weird, then finally said how he realized he was a mean kid a few years ago and instantly thought of me when he thought of who he was the worst to. He never thought he would get the chance to apologize face to face and is truly sorry for how he treated me. I told him not to worry about it and we were kids. I wound up being a better, nicer person because of it and am sort of glad I went through it. He turned out to be a really nice guy and I am glad he is doing well.
0	Within Christian mythology it's a huge shift in direction, you are absolutely correct. However, the reason for the shift in direction I believe has much to do with Judaism losing power/influence while that region was occupied by the Roman Empire. The old testament writings for the most part were about a nation of people who had many successful war campaigns and conquered a decent amount of land. It also talks about the exploits of mighty kings who had Yahweh, the war god of Judea and Israel, at their side. All in all the Old Testament is about a nation of people who had the power of the god of gods supporting them.   During the reign of the Roman Empire, Israel was not the mighty nation it had once been. Many Jews would have been a lower class and therefore much poorer/powerless, than their Roman counterparts. It could have been possible that a few people within Judaism, began a new movement, or perhaps multiple movements that preached salvation for the meek and oppressed, rather than beating the war drums or sounding the horns of triumph as was seen in the old testament.   The New Testament has an overlying theme of hope for the weak. The Jesus figure was not a powerful king by earthly standards; he was just a handyman by trade. He was a figured who recognized his lowly position in society, as well as, the position most of his followers in that society. He preached patience, non-violence, forgiveness of your transgressors/oppressors, and that those who lived a good life loving God and being satisfied with what they had, would find salvation and happiness after death.   If you look at the history of that area of the world, in particular the history of the Hebrew people in that part of the world, you see a nation that was once a powerful force, but had their power stripped from them twice. Once by the Babylonians and once by Rome. The Old Testament and New Testament, aside from being fairly historically inaccurate(wrong dates, wrong leaders,etc), do for the most part reflect the time when they were supposed to have been written.   Admittedly, some of this is my own speculation. However, it is not unreasonable for the history of those people to be reflected in their holy books. Many other religious mythologies do the same thing.
1	Build resistances, not health.   If you farm efficiently, you should be going for  full tank.  Getting a RoA and all of those other items sure will get you 100AP and will make you hit a little bit higher, but you're a tank first and foremost. From my own experience, I find building resistances over AP is much better. You don't need health because your Feast gives you them (try to not lose them!). I usually go for a FoN first and then go for an Armor item. From there, I either get a Wit's End (good MR shred and auto attacking does more damage than you think) or just some more resistances. By now, you should be basically unkillable and now I start going for some damage.   I don't buy AP because I believe that Q and W is used for CC and the damage you get from it is less than just buffing your auto attacks. Plus, since you're Cho'Gath, you'll be able to go up in the face of their carries and auto attack them down.
1	The mandrake ward, if it comes to fruition, will be great against counterjunglers. Also eve has strong enough ganks early on that you can do lvl 2-3 ganks or change up your pathing if a lee or udyr is in the game that you think is likely to invade you. Ward your buff if you think your team can collapse but it's not like getting 3 buffed is the end of the world anymore. Eve is also phenomenal at counterjungling herself so you can easily farm the enemy's jungle if he's intent on farming hers.
1	Thing is buffing all ADC's will just never be possible. I mean look at Caitlyn. Now THATS a perfectly designed ADC. She has her strong points and her weak points. She has always been a dominant pick you might say. But there was a bunch of points in the game where other ADC's would crush her. The era of Vayne, Tri force domination, Twitch uprising, Blue Ezreal etc. However after that Caitlyn constantly emerged as a good pick. Now imagine that we just buff ALL the ADC's to Lucians level. How the hell are you going to do that??? Buff some AD items? Are those going to be items that don't help Lucian? What about Ez and Corki (Urgot?) then? Give PD a buff? Well Cait and Jinx are still the gods then. Give all ADC a stats/abilities buff? Still very hard to do and will make a clusterfuck of a patch, because there are changes to 17 champions atleast! And after that, what will happen is that someone like Cait will just become fotm, get picked in LCS constantly -> Same thing. And then guess what? Yeah sure all "Marksmen" got a buff or a nudge in some magical way that is somehow balancable it will either cause us all to roll down into S2 meta that only marksman mains want or will not do aything usefull and the problem will stay the same with one ADC beeing the "God" and the meta crushing the others.
1	I used to carry myself as Thresh from pretty much Plat to Challenger before Morgana became the thing. Personally I think Thresh is still pretty low in lower elos because of the ability to simple keep someone CC'd for long time, get someone hooked from afar, and simply lantern someone who would otherwise be dead. Morgana is good counter to Thresh, but personally I think that Morgana is hard to play well against Thresh, if Thresh is good, he can play around your spellshield by simply waiting. Lulu is really good for poke lanes like caitlyn or ezreal.
1	There is no way you could have context placed in 2 letters said by the opposing team. You have no clue if they are saying "gg" in a snickering way boasting how they had a good game and you were helpless to stop it, or if they are saying "gg" in a kinda manner commemorating you for trying their best to keep the game close despite your disadvantage. It's the same with "bg". It could be either they are sour for losing when they were disadvantaged and act like that game didn't matter, seeing as it was "bad", or if they thought they played badly and made rookie mistakes which caused the game be that less close.
1	Rengar main with over 300+ games in ranked here, currently D4 on EUW (soon d3!).   I play him both top and jungle, and both in the assassin/bruiser style. I'm looking forward to his rework a LOT because I believe there are some things that aren't right in his design. He's made to go all in, to rush in and force trades, then to kite/chase and get his cooldowns back to follow with an empowered spell, or keept it and surprise burst with it.   Main issue is, most champs that are designed the same way have a tool that cries "Imma win this trade" (jax's E, trynda's taunt, fiora's parry, trundle's Q,riven's E, ...). In rengar's case, it's a slight armor and armor buff. To be frank this spell main purpose and why we're using it is only to build ferocity and deal some magic damages. That's another part that I'm starting to dislike about rengar, you only think about what empowered spell you will use, but as for your normal spells, you use them whenever they're ready without a second thought, since what you want is basically get those 5 stacks.   His passive is extremely satisfying and can make for some great plays, probably the best part of his kit. His auto attack reset also feels tremendously good.   His ult is great, as well, but it becomes too important mid/late game to rengar. Basically, you won't initiate/respond to a fight without your ult. It's like the current rengar is unable to take an efficient teamfight without his ult. His bola strike doesn't have the range to poke outside of the lane, and he has to take too many hits just to throw one (especially if he goes full AD).   I totally understand why people would want to nerf his ult or remove it, it's not fun at all to get initiated by something you can't respond to, and even more to get instakilled. Evelynn is currently in the EXACT same spot as rengar, and it could actually be much worse   Also last but not least, I'm really hyped up to test reworked rengar for his bola strike becoming a skillshot. It will make kiting from a distance possible, and skirmishes much better for rengar. Currently if there's a trynd/riven/jax/lee/riven/shyv/... running behind your back to get you, you have nothing beside your ult. This is the ONE part when playing rengar that is extremely frustrating, this means that if you get even slightly behind, you will get tower dived to death.
1	Katarina and Leblanc have different goals.  Leblanc's goal is to shut down the enemy ap mid early at the cost of a week late game.  Katarina's goal is to get farmed up and have plenty of gold to nuke down in teamfights later.  However, Kat has a good laning phase as well thanks to her mobility.  Therfore I would suggest getting Katarina because she is more beneficial to the team while being strong at many points in the game, whereas Leblanc only has a strong lane.
1	I've read this post and each comment in this thread, and I think you have a decent idea of how balancing the game works, and a few good ideas, but your understanding of Mordekaiser is a little bit shallow. You're not the only one, since his metagame has been almost entirely untouched except by me (nmero1enBrasil), Mordelicious, and maybe just a couple of other players since season 2, and very few people have seen a modern Mordekaiser in action.  In particular:  1) Mordekaiser being susceptible to ganks is a long perpetuated idea which doesn't really have any practical relevance to real games with Mordekaiser. He can push if he chooses to, but he can also freeze lanes really well because of his ability to facetank waves outside of his tower, and his pushing ability actually lets him reset lanes frozen against him easily. Playing well, Mordekaiser can completely avoid situations where he's at or past river, unless he wants to be. In general, his lack of MS buffs or gap closers is exaggerated as a much bigger problem than it actually is in lane.  2) Mordekaiser's top lane matchups, with a couple of exceptions, are within a reasonable 60-40 to 40-60 range, and are fairly evenly balanced (for those you listed, Shyvana wins decently, Renekton is pretty much dead even, and Udyr is Mordekaiser-favored by a big margin). In the mid lane, he can still play the old oppression style and simply push through the damage of traditional ranged mages. The problem with his mid lane is that he can't compete with good roaming champions, not that he can't win the matchups. In some cases, such as against Zed or Kha'Zix (I'm actually somewhat curious why you think those are skill matchups at all), Mordekaiser is actually really heavily favored and they generally can't roam enough to make up for it, but mostly he does get out-roamed by the likes of Kassadin, Fizz, Riven, etc.  3) Mordekaiser's strength curve is even throughout the game, with slightly weaker than average levels 3-4 and slightly better than average lategame. He does not need to outfarm his opponents, or even to win his lane, to be useful, though of course it helps.  4) I think you're right about his kit being unrewarding in the classic Riot Games sense of lacking counterplay and not having skillshots etc., but it's very rewarding to land kills with a champion with limited options, for me. I feel like if I have no gap closer, no CC, and no intensely broken abilities, that getting kills feels good because I know I had to play well to earn that kill. I have to use the very basics of the game to win teamfights and lane engages (positioning, cooldown timing, reading/mindgames) instead of relying on a bread and butter combo or just spamming an ability until it lands (looking at you, nidalee).   So, I disagree with you about mobility/CC being a problem, and I disagree about his top lane matchups, and I disagree that he snowballs backwards, and I think he's rewarding to play as (though I admit he's not fun to play against). But I can't argue that he's not weak in the current metagame. I see it as being for a different reason: his mid-game presence is very lacking right now. Splitpushing is weaker than ever, so his dueling power goes to waste, and his burst doesn't have the consistency of other mages with CC and gap closers (You mentioned in a comment that his burst is lower than other AP champions, but that is false, barring Syndra/Veigar. What is true is that his burst is harder to land consistently.). Because he can't splitpush or catch champions on his own, he must rely on his teammates more heavily than other mages or other top lane champions, and so he can't really claim objectives or win teamfights by himself. He lacks a form of engage for 5v5 standoffs, and is most effective at erasing tanks, who are forced into melee range, rather than diving opposing carries. That means he ends up being a peeler with no engage in fights, which can be rough if the person you're peeling for isn't doing well or your team has poor engage.   This is why Mordekaiser is seen as unviable but retains a decent winrate - he is an asset to his team, but he cannot carry the team. He fits a role and a position and can win lanes comfortably and has a lot of skirmishing power, but he cannot change the fate of a game that's going one way or another because he cannot turn things around on his own, barring amazing luck with his ultimate.   Since I believe you misunderstand why Mordekaiser is weak, I think your changes wouldn't help him become more viable. You essentially buff him by giving him a slow and a knockback (as well as slightly more consistent armor/MR), and completely shit on his numbers. Maybe that will make him better in lane, but his teamfight utility won't improve at all, and his damage will go way down. What is he supposed to do in teamfights if he doesn't do damage, can't give stats to his teammates, and still has no form of dive? If you want to address his issues, you need to start by giving him something to do after laning is over, and then tweak him a little bit to keep him viable in a lane (I play top, but if he becomes capable in mid that would be okay too). Off the top of my head, something like putting a fear on his ultimate would leave his laning more or less the same, but would make his teamfighting infinitely stronger. A slow or a wukong-ult-style "first target hit gets snared" on his W would give him engagement potential in teamfights. Perhaps he could even be nudged in a more Renektony or Olafy direction, with a little bit more shield generation to dive and tank in teamfights at the cost of some burst.
1	There's a video out there called prefect imbalance. You should watch it, you'll probably find it insightful.
1	Rabadon's is 202 AP.  155+(155*.3). Each additional Rabadon's is still 202 AP.   Tear of the goddess gets you to about 2.4k mana.  A single fully stacked archangels gets you 72 AP from mana + 45.   5 Archangel's gets you to about 4000 mana, which is 120 AP + 45 from each staff (825 total). 4 Archangels gets you 153 (108+45) AP from each.
0	First of all, relax.  The world is not anymore fucked up than it used to be.  Sadly enough, it's always been fucked up, but it just seems like there's more happening now (when there actually isn't.) Here's why: We have more access to media.  You can now access news/resources/stories 24/7 from a variety of different sources.  You can access it everywhere from the standard news sources to blogs to personal accounts of people who were there.  We are no longer limited to television, newspapers, and magazines controlling the flow of information.  (This is a double-edged sword.)  Not that the news is more objective, but people in general who are not professional journalists tend to be less objective.  Also information competing for attention is just that.  Thus it becomes more sensationalized.  A lot of sources of information don't give you the whole story.  Some give you nothing more than a soundbyte/headline.  Its hard to sift through it all to get a full story.  Hence you have stories titled like "Cops kill 5 year old."  rather than "Cops raid drug house.  Five year old shot and killed in cross fire." (I'm making this shit up, btw.) Another reason the world seems more fucked up is that almost everyone has their own camera and microphone.  People didn't used to have cell phones with high res video cameras.  Now, anyone can record anything, post it on the internet, and make it a story.  Once again, the major news companies no longer control the flow of information.  As a matter of fact, they are struggling to find their place in a world where their information is becoming less important to the general public.  Will they go away?  No.  We will always need major news sources to report things that most people don't have easy access to (such as NATO peace talks, wars, etc.)  But for more local stories, anyone with a smart phone can be a "journalist."  I'm probably generalizing a lot of this and missing a bunch of information.  It's also 5:40 in the morning and I'm getting ready for work.  So let me know if I missed anything.
1	srsly ??? ... i tune in to have  fun  watching a tournament .... this wasnt the championship most teams joined in knowing thats this is just for  fun  even tsm know it ... as far the dq .. as far its indeed breaking the rules  but  it was entertaining match and the fan base had fun watching .. ...
0	Yea, that doesn't always work. My mother was being mugged, and was getting stabbed. Some lady saw it happening and drove up and was screaming and honking her horn. The guy didn't leave until after he got my mom's purse and stabbed her 27 times. He had done it to countless women in the area, but luckily they caught him. Unfortunately he recently was released from jail somehow.
1	He got a solo kill on Ryze which on patch 4.14 was considered a goddamn powerful lane-bully counter-pick to Mundo. He won a 1v1 against Ackerman, considered at one time to be one of the best top laners in the world, and at the time, considered a dominant top laner in NA.   He, along with Turtle, helped pull that series back, and ultimately was one of the driving forces that helped TSM make it to worlds last year.   Call him whatever the fuck you want, there's no one better in NA to replace him, and he's only improved over the span of his career.
0	I just went through something similar. I'm a tall, pretty athletic guy but I've had some severe self-esteem and self-confidence issues.  I was constantly feeling bad about myself because I kept telling myself I was too awkward and too unfit to be comfortable socially. I was constantly running and dieting and obsessing over my fitness even though I was always in really great shape looking back on it. Luckily, I've mostly gotten over it and I'm now comfortable in my own body. But while I was going through that, people just wouldn't take my problems seriously because they couldn't understand how I could possibly feel bad about myself. They didn't understand that everybody has their shit to deal with. If more people understood that then maybe we could all help each other out instead of putting each other down.
0	Yeah, if you're walking around with headphones on all the time that's an indications that:  1) You're paying attention to something else so, in general, I'm not going to disturb you unless necessary or,  2) You don't want to talk to people or be friendly.  There have been times when a co-worker needed to know something important, had headphones on all the time, and didn't hear me yelling to get their attention, and I was finally like "Fuck it, you want to ignore everyone?   You're going to hang yourself with your own rope.  When you complain that we didn't tell you this important piece of information, your lack of knowledge of which got you in trouble, we'll tell you that we tried for five minutes but you weren't listening or refused to pay attention."
0	Hi. I'm doing this right now. Here's my website  I'm not sure how it works for other people, but here's how I did it. I started refinishing furniture and selling it as a hobby about six years ago. For six years I worked a full time job as an antiques dealer, and refinished on the side. I was probably working about sixty to seventy hours a week, but since I love refinishing work, it wasn't that bad. After years and years of doing both, I saw that I had made more at the part time refinishing job every month than I was at my full time job. I had grown the business enough that I was nowhere near starting from scratch. In August I quit my job to run my furniture business full time. Thus far, it's been great.
0	Actually the Bermuda Triangle was somewhat recently debunked. It was something about a large reservoir of magnetic plates relatively close to the surface underneath the Bermuda Triangle, which is why compasses and radio communications would be cut when they're near it. And there was also an explanation as to why you could see "ghost ships" in the water, something about a chemical in the water made it easier to see the ships on the bottom of the floor near there.
1	I feel that this wouldn't really be an issue nowadays because the current state of the jungle allows the jungler to level up at roughly the same rate as the laners, if not faster. In season 3, Warwick had more trouble in the jungle because he wouldn't be able to gank pre-6, and the jungle wouldn't give him the experience he needed to get 6 fast enough to become relevant. Season 4 alleviates this issue a bit, because right now, junglers are encouraged to farm even more while gaining much more experience, which is what Warwick could easily do.
0	Unfortunately just about every state in the US has pretty strict doctor-patient confidentiality laws. There is no way in hell your therapist would be allowed to testify or reveal anything she said to him/her.   Have you actually discussed this matter with your lawyer? I think you're heading for a rude awakening. If you don't live in a 1-party state the recording won't be admissible. Even if that's not the case, the fact she cheated on you doesn't actually matter. To date, there is no case law that specifically addresses adultery. But the law is very clear that alimony awards have to be based on what is 'just', which means taking into account the obligee's ability to support themselves and the obligor's ability to pay, and that fault can't be considered. Judges have to write alimony orders "without regard to misconduct." This means that the family court can't consider any kind of fault or marital misconduct, including adultery, when it makes decisions about alimony.   What will happen is the family court will want you two to work out an agreement, if you can't come to one the judge will look over all the pertinent information (financial obligations held by either party, standard of living during the marriage, length of marriage, etc). The judge will then determine how much and how long you will have to pay. The goal in the judges decision will be to achieve approximate equality.
0	Currently in a situation I've never been in before. I sent this girl 1 text. We've been friends for a while, we just never texted because we weren't super close, and she has a relationship but doesn't think it's going to last much longer. That one text has turned into a 500 text conversation over the course of 1 week. ONE WEEK. I'll be texting her til one of us falls asleep, and every morning when I wake up there is inevitably a text from her. I've never run into this while texting a girl I like.   Normally its like maybe 1 or 2 texts a day. NOBODY, not even other girls I have dated, have texted me this much. And I don't think she texts other people a hell of a lot either.   So yeah, OP, I know what you mean, and for once I'm pumped because there always is a response incredibly soon. :D
1	Note that Corki did get released first. But the idea for a hero was recommended on the dota forums from a random guy well before LoL or DotA made their respective heroes. Technically both LoL and DotA just took a hero idea someone posted on the playdota forums and then fit it into their respective game.   This whole Corki vs Gyro argument is so old.
1	yeah you see here is the thing. riot NEEDS to establesh consistant rules across the board regardless of cultural differences this is a world event it has to ignore some cultural differences and come to a compromise. seeing as riot is a us based entity it makes sense for them to utilize the rules they use internally.
1	Overall a good article, there is one thing which bugs me though:   > The majority of players are doomed to be mediocre. This is a harsh truth but it is very true. Some players are just downright incapable of playing this game and others are just unable to become better. They reach their ceiling too soon so to speak and they can't climb above it no matter what they do.   Yes, obviously a majority of the players is mediocore (definition of mediocore). But it's not true, that they can't become better and climb. While every new player starts at a different mechanical ("talent", experience from other games/activities) and knowledge level and varys in learning speed (which is strongly defined by the amount of experience in similiar activities), everyone is able to become an above average player or even become one of the best players. But the amount of effort someone has to put into achieving that is very different from player to player. For some, who seem to be stuck at their current skill level, it might need a completely different approach when they want to climb higher.
1	why do all the westerners think that sister teams will throw a game for the other team. Kespa goes through all the player comms to see if there's a match fixing. KESPA even released to the public the comm between SKT T1 S and K in OGN Spring. And there's no reason for a big organization such as SKT, Samsung, Najin, KT to jeopardize their public image and their status in Korean E-Sports.
1	The whole rework has been an ongoing exercise in "we have no idea what we're doing anymore." I mean... remember when his axe would stick in walls by default? Because apparently throwing through walls was killing Olaf player's fun?   It's like they've ignored all the other changes they've implemented in the game. Olaf was a force in S2 because stacking health was easy, cheap, and didn't have a lot of counters. Now, though, BoRK is all but standard on anyone who autoattacks and percent health spells are all over the place - there's plenty of room for counterplay and counterbuilding to deal with Olaf now. He was strong because he got a lot of free stats and could afford to just stack cheap health with utility attached. That's just not true anymore. Old Olaf might have needed  buffs  in the current state of things.   But instead of just letting the game and the players figure out how to handle it, they Eve'd him, and decided "hey, remakes are a thing we're doing why not Olaf" and they've bungled basically everything that made him unique and fun (no more zero range axe throws guys! that certainly didn't bring a lot of strategy and skill to his playstyle at all!) in favor of homogenizing him with the other bruisers and now... maybe the melee AD carries instead. (He actively gets EASIER to kill when he ults? Are we being serious here?) Even sadder, his remake and Skarner's are starting to look very much the same. A line skillshot slow? An AS steroid with survivability? A melee range damage skill?
1	My top 5:     Chronoshift (resurrection + healing is the obvious #1)     Stand United (I've always had a thing for flying and teleportation, and since there is no technical "flying" ability, teleportation is a definite #2 for me. Also teleporting to a person no matter where they are is better than TF's limited range teleport to any point in my eyes)     Sanguine Pool (Not as practical as some of these other ones, but probably the best party trick ever. And you can dodge bullets and shit, which is pretty cool too)         Charm (Charisma is one of the most important traits to have, magical charisma that works on anyone can get you jobs, relationships, friends, and financial opportunities. Knowing how to balance this with natural charisma would be the hard thing, reliance would lead to fake relationships)       Twilight Shroud (invisibility isn't one of my favorite things, but it would come in handy sometimes. And I don't want evelynn's because permanent invisibility unless I assault someone seems pretty...iffy.)
1	First of all: Thanks for the tip, I gotta try it out definetely!   But I got a question though: Let's say I push to get to lvl 2 early, so I clear the first wave of minions while there are 2 caster minions left on my side, the next wave arrives and it's 8 minions vs 6.   (Not sure about that but...) As soon as i kill the first melee minion I hit lvl 2 and have the advantage.  success . Then according to the tactic it's either time to push further to reach lvl 3 or start freezing. Let's assume I wanna freeze: What excactly do I do now? If I start lasthitting normally, the minion advantage I have will push by itself, leaving me standing under the enemy tower for quite a long time which is obviously bad.
1	Runaans in theory seems like a really cool item. Attack 3 champions at once? Yes please!  However, when you get down to the maths, it really isn't that useful. It's very rare that 3 champions will be within auto attack range at all times during a fight, therefore you are spending gold on an item which really aren't helping you much within a teamfight. Also, it only provides attack speed. ADC's need Damage, Critical Strike and Attack Speed to do the maximum amount of DPS. Sinking 2.4k gold into just attack speed means that you aren't getting very optimal slot efficiency. Think what you are sacrificing to build this item. A bloodthister? Phantom dancer perhaps?
0	Worked for a home improvement retailer as a manager for years. I had a customer bring in a push lawn mower that he had hit a stump with totally ruined the whole mower. He wanted me to exchange it and I couldn't. He had used it for 3 months and abused it.  He started asking for the manager and I told him "that's me". He gave me a look of disbelief (probably because I looked young).   After offering to send it out for repair the guy got irate.  He called my corporate office standing right in front if me and they explained that I was following the policy and that offering repair wasn't something I had to do. The corporate people asked him if he would like to speak to the manager. He said "yes" and they conference him through to my store. My phone rings and it's the lady from corporate and she begins to explain the situation. I politely interrupt and tell her I know all about it because he's still standing write in front of me.  She tells both of us that she has sided with me.   I offer one more time to send it for repair. THE GUY REACHES OUT TO TAKE A SWING AT MY FACE. Mind you, I'm behind our service desk with witnesses and it's all recorded by security cameras. One of my employees calls the cops without telling anyone. I looked at this guys face and it was not rage he had, it looked like despair. This looked like the end of a really shitty day for him. This was the end for him.   The cops show up and I go outside to talk to them. I know these cops because we are always catching shoplifters so they asked me what happened and if I want to press charges. They have the guy handcuffed and they are about to put him in the police car. I tell them "No" and the cop looks like he just crapped himself. I say,"This guy has had a really bad day and I don't think he needs to be arrested".   They uncuff him and I walk back inside the store. I call my returns people and tell them to explain to the guy that we'll repair it and pay 50% of the costs and let him use a loaner in the mean time for free. (I didn't want to tell him in person because I thought it might shame him even more). My returns cashier literally had to run to catch him before he got to his car to explain it. The cashier said all he did was nod because he had started crying after the cuffed him.   It might not have been the right thing to do but I felt like there was more to it than just my part in his day. Later on, I found out I was right.
1	Not to sound like a dick or anything but I find doublelift awful. He makes you look bad sometimes (no responses) or just says one sentence responses while showing an annoying grin and cocky attitude. I realize this will probably get downvoted but idk if I can take it anymore
0	Going to repost a comment I just wrote:   "This [anti-Obama sentiment] isn't because of anything Obama's actually done, it's because reddit is circlejerking against "durhur invasion of our privacy" under the current administration (Which, if you're not a tard, you realize that the president really can't do shit about), which they tend to do about everything. They absolutely loved Obama on social and economic standings etc. But notice how they react every time there's something like CISPA or ACTA that's an invasion of their privacy? "OBAMA IS LITERALLY HITLER."   They'll forget about this in like, a month, tops. This shitstorm just hit and it'll be in full momentum for a few more days. People are currently just going with the cool thing to do, which is hating Obama, who is at worst permissive of a preexisting and very complicated system and not an Orwellian dictator as many people seem to be implying or outright stating."
0	When you take an active ingredient in an isolated form it becomes much more potent than the same amount found in plant material. This is because the strength of psychoactive drugs depends on how fast they can enter the bloodstream (drugs are metabolized from the moment they enter the body. There is only a certain amount of enzymes to achieve this, so a whole bunch at once has more time to exert its effect compared to the same amount taken over time. This is among the reasons why injecting and snorting drugs is so much more dangerous.)   When an isolated form of a drug is ingested, it only has to be absorbed. When the drug is held up in the matrix of plant material, that matrix must be digested before the chemical can be absorbed. For maximum effect through the oral route, the chemical should be dissolved in water.
0	I cleaned toilets to pay my rent while studying Law. There is no shame in honest work, done well. You could eat your fucking lunch off the floor when I had finished cleaning those toilets ! When I do anything, I aim to do it the best I can, that way I can hold my head high.   Also, doing a service job should be compulsory, for everyone. I LOATHE people who are rude to servers, checkout chicks, cleaners and admin clerks. I did all of those jobs while paying my way through Uni. I've gone far and fast afterwards due to a sparkling work ethic, and being willing to help people out. The people hated most in an organisation are the spoilt brats, straight out of Uni, who've never worked a day in their lives, who don't know their arses from their elbows, but who think they should be getting input into the budget, while refusing to help people out, failing to co-operate on projects, and not even knowing how to use a photocopier. Gah. And they can get off my lawn, too !
1	My experience with Vman7 --   a. Duo queued with a friend and got stuck top lane, my worst role. Vman gives up first blood, I ask if he can lane switch. I beast the mid lane, roam top, we both win lanes we would have otherwise lost, game ends in a win.   b. Bump into him in solo queue, we have an Udyr with flash/ignite. I lock in Trundle jungle. Udyr switches to Ghost/Smite and tells me to top. I ask him to switch, he says no. I lose top lane (still my worst role), to a Nidalee, and Vman7 tells me that a Trundle who builds tanky (I had warmogs pre-remake) was useless.   Verdict: communicated in the first game, gave me specific information in the second. Didn't just call me "trash" (which in and of itself is sort of weak) -- actually gave me advice. In either game, he never trolled the gameplay itself, and I could have easily muted him.   My experience with Phant0mlord --   a. Posted in the NESL Skype chat that he needed a co-caster for some euro tournament. I dodged queue and casted with him. He liked how I predicted all five of M5's picks, so he adds me after game on his plat smurf. We play three games against each other mid. It's 1:1. I requeue and he's on the other team. Call him on Skype, say we're going to have another fun mid battle. Team picks me Morg after I say I want Lux. He goes Ziggs. I go 3-0 with the help of my team (pre-minion spawn first blood, a follow up gank, etc) and he starts raging at me saying I'm a tryhard with tryhard picks and that I shouldn't play mid lane and blah blah blah. I kill him and run with 50 HP, and flash into his Zigg's E sitting near his turret and say "for you bb".   Never heard from him again.
1	The meta still shifts with balance updates. One week people play twitch and build one item the next week they patch that so other champions can come back in. I have played this game for three years and yes the lanes are pretty set in stone by how they are played does change with the meta.   Red pot was a great start on lots of all in top laners for a long time but then the meta shifted so that was as common of a start. Assassins mid was the big thing for a while and then people learned how to counter them more effectively with an hourglass and arm guard. Super tanks like Mundo were the best top laners for a while. Maybe Urgot will be the next best adc and you build static shiv first. The meta does change and if you have been playing for as long as I have you can name off many innovations that have some to counter common strategy and adapt to situations.   Patch 4.11 was a giant shift to the meta if you play at any ranked tier seriously. Nid is brought to top lane and built AD now because of it. They added a new jungle item to allow tanky junglers to have an easier time like Maokai and Rammus. I honestly think that with almost every large patch the meta will wiggle to its changes and that is often reflected by the win rates of lots of champions after a patch.   If you think the meta is static I would recommend you watch the other competitive leagues around the world, even the EU LCS looks a little different than NA because there meta is slightly different. The biggest difference is Korea's OGN which is a whole new world of strategy compared to the NA LCS.
0	I still say stupid shit sometimes (sometimes I don't read a post thoroughly enough or something) and get downvoted. I never delete them and will acknowledge my stupidity. Every once in a blue moon I'll start getting some upvotes for being brave by not deleting my downvoted comment.
1	I dont know his exact words but it was all something that bjergsen worse than hai, should step UP Game the catch put them behind where they came nervt come back, botlane got outplayed by other botlane etc.
1	just look at the minimap whenever you aren't doing something else. there's not ALWAYS a last hit. There's not ALWAYS a harass opportunity. It's in these brief moments that you glance at the minimap.   Also, when you look at the minimap, don't just look at your ward to make sure nobody is there, glance with objective. Are all of the lanes accounted for? Are one of the lanes positioned to head your way? Is your support using CV? If so, what buffs/camps have been cleared by the enemy jungler? What you're trying to accomplish is to predict when they might head toward your ward before they even come within vision range of the ward.   Map awareness is improved by playing at least 10-20 games of all positions and roles. When you understand the role you can understand what they'll be thinking. Their mid was full hp/mana and just pushed to tower when you're overextended bot? They're probably coming to gank or steal your buff.
1	Sure. We'll just assume the creators aren't just trying to find a place for olaf to fit in their design, rather then his original idea to dictate their overall game design.   The only thing that irks me about these comments, or comment on the main forum is NO ONE BUT RIOT HAS THE COMPLETE PICTURE. It is very fair to say "maybe they haven't thought of X", but considering the hours of testing and reiteraions of work they do, all while trying to set that one piece to balance with hundreds of other elements in different contextual scenarios isn't exactly easy.   At the end of the day it's players caring too much over a minor piece of what makes Lol. It's a memorable piece, it was  fun piece, but that minority cannot be given an excuse to cause problems for the majority of other players.   There is no amount of self analyzing, or subjectively trying to justify the limited knowledge every single player posses. Versus the actual objective knowledge of the game Riot is fed through by every single player putting in this experience.   Overall it simply comes down to this: Riot is shown all the problems, and they try to solve or alleviate these problems. People surely have the right to be asked about ideas (which riot has done whether directly or by debating in forum threads with certain forum goers representing certain ideals), but they can't be so upset when someone like Xyph/tiza/Ames/insert rioter comes in and smacks down ideas. It isn't a lack of wanting to try, but either past experience has shown it not to work (at that time at least), or all signs in the system reject that notion.   They definately know where they want Olaf, the only problem is they actually are trying to care about the sect of olaf players who loved that champion. And this creates a situation where they can have Olaf done no problem, but at the cost of completely destroying and creating him anew. They will try to preserve his identity considering he is not a lost cause like sorakka.
0	It's a form of bumping a thread back up to the top of a forum. Also, if more people are having a problem, it might highlight it and draw the attention of someone who can help. Also also, if you reply to a thread and then a solution is posted in a reply, you might get notified depending on how the forum is set up.
1	check it out](   3rd bullet
0	This happened to me all the time with a particular friend, until one day I called him out on it. He got pissed and said it was his house and kicked me out. I started crying and got on my bike to ride home (I was about 8). As I pulled out of his drive way, the two neighbor dogs ran out of the house and started chasing me, barking and growling. So I rode home as fast as I could, crying and being chased by scary as fuck dogs.
1	AT the same time, I am no where near high ELO, but I would like to believe that people in 15/1600s know not to 1v2 two full health fed enemies. Or three.  Our Ryze did just that. We called him out on it the 1st time, but the 2nd and 3rd time he did it anyway. He wasn't 0/46/0 BoM Phantom Dancer Master Yi, but couldn't this be considered intentionally feeding? The two enemies were in plain view, and no one on our team was around. No one told him to back because we assumed he had the common sense not to fight 2 fed enemies by himself.
0	OP is a crazy lying fuck, downvote and move on.   18Bfriendzonest [-1][S] -9 points 6 months ago (10|19)   Original: Me and my husband have been married for a year now and I am beginning to think he has been cheating on me. My husband is very wealthy and this makes me think he may be using all this money he has to cheat on me. Because I was feeling this way I got him a chastity device and I got him to wear it. He made me take it off after three days saying "It is uncomfortable, I cannot pee right." I think he is lying. Why would he need it off if he is not with someone else? I do not know what to do, should I divorce him?
1	And I hate people who want other people to play only Soraka and Janna so they can whore their E-penis with their 'rad' Ashe 100 cs by 20 minutes mad plays. The game isn't built around you, if someone doesn't want to support but ends up doing so in order  not  to fuck 4 other people on his team, he can do whatever the hell he enjoys.   And to be quite honest, I love the underdog lane. Things like Ezreal/Nunu and Varus/Sona were considered straight up dumb when facing the 'ultimate' duo of Graves/Soraka or Cait/Janna and then it's so rewarding when you end up outplaying the know-it-alls I can't even describe it.
0	Thank you! Now I get it, finally. I'm a HUGE sci-fi fan but, no matter how hard I tried, I never could understand the appeal of this dumb show. I didn't realize it was a kid's show, but looking back, it's so obvious. As a kid's show, all the cheese makes perfect sense.   It's like the first time I saw "Married with Children". I had no idea what I was looking at. The show had been on for years, and I'd heard over and over again how hilarious it was, but since I didn't have Fox, I'd never seen it. Years later, after finally watching a random episode, I was absolutely disgusted by how horrible this family was. It wasn't funny. It was sick! But after another episode, I finally got it. This isn't a "Full House" sitcom. Of course they're horrible people. That's the joke!
1	ADCs arent exactly weaker in this patch, its just that the tanky roles are much stronger than before.   Now that supports have a lot more gold at their disposal, it means that you now have another tank or another damage threat. Personally, playing against another damage threat is a lot more enjoyable, cause it has better overall interactions with the game (just like they can burst you down with a flash or a good engage, if you position properly, you can also outplay them. So its kind of a skill/awareness battle).   The problem is when the support goes tanky, grabs a frozen heart / Solari and buffs even more his front line.   Its seriously frustrating playing against something like Mundo, Renekton, Nasus when they have a champion like Taric in their comp, cause you cant really do anything against them, and theres no counterplay to it.   I dont really like the way this league of bruisers is taking.
1	But he doesn't LOL   >tierlisted higher   yeah, that's a total joke, you're seriously using a TIER LIST as a quantifier for what beats what in a given scenario?   Also it's commonly accepted in high elo (since you want to reference tier lists made by an individual...) that Riven is overall a more powerful champion and has fewer counters in lane than Tryndamere. She DOES beat Tryndamere, I don't know what game you're playing that it's not that way.   Your only argument is that "Tryndamere beats Riven because clearly you're doing it wrong and haven't 'optimized him for the solo top lane'" which is basically a meaningless phrase, since considering the only viable way to play him is top, and it's not hard to 'optimize' a champion for top lane, that says nothing.   If Tryndamere plays aggressive vs. Riven he either dies to your jungler, or straight-up loses in trades to Riven pre-6. Post-6 if you engage, she'll burst, stun, shield, and get out. Rinse and repeat til you have to blow your ultimate, and then she kills you with hers after. Her ultimate is on a lower cooldown at every rank, and has a longer duration than Trynd's by far.   Anyhow, Riven shuts Tryndamere down HARD pre-6, if you trade damage she comes out way ahead, RNG be damned it doesn't matter. Your passive is amazing vs. him. Post-6 it doesn't get much better, but Tryndamere can at least survive. Jungler influence is better for Riven considering Tryndamere basically has to push to sustain himself with Bloodlust, and Tryndamere is easier to gank than Riven no question.   Maybe you should try playing Tryndamere vs. Riven in 1800s or higher and see how well it works out for you. By the way, "all the pros" do NOT take heal/ignite on Tryndamere. There are lot of viable options for summoner spells on Tryndamere, most often I see Ghost/Cleanse, Flash/Cleanse, etc.
1	Or you could just stop put yourself as the "victim" of the mercyless junlger and let the enenmy jungler to lose his time in top.   Is he killing you?   ->Yes? Then you are doing something really wrong, because you already know he is going bot and you should see him miles away with your ward.   -> No? Then is a victory for the team. Because he is wasting his time top, meanwhile the other 4 members of your team are building an advantage due to the lack of jungler's threat.     What is the problem with Nasus being camped early game? Nasus is USELESS in the early game. All you need to do is to dance under the tower until the minion wave reach to you, then start to farm. In the late game you would have farm anyway, since you are not leaving the lane. Nasus is a machine with dog-shape who will farm without tower until minute 25-30, when he has become a demi-god.   Meanwhile, other useful champs in early-mid, like midder or adc, are reciving more ganks from our team and no ganks from the enemy team, so they should be building an advantage.   If you are Nasus vs Renekton and the enemy jungler is there, how on the earth do you want us to win this at level 3-5? You will hit them with your powerful q with +15? If I am Jarvan and their jungler is Vi, they will destroy us if we try to trade.   The problem in this game is that every lane think they are "special", and many solo laners only can think "what is better for me" and not, "what is better for the team".   "I am being camped"   "I am losing my lane"   "I need to farm"   "I am, I am, I, I, I, me, me, me, me".   Take Renekton against enemy Nasus and I will stay there for the whole game if necesary, because those ganks have killing potential and are useful.   Junglers make decisions for the good of the whole team, not for you to win your lane. They can be mistaken or not, of course, but I can ensure you that your frustration is not a point to take in account when planning something. If you are not confortable in that situation, grow a thicker skin, because we dont care about your feelings. We are not sacrificing the good of the team just to be ablo to say "I told you, this was a waste of time".   Instead of losing my time in proving you something I have seen in so many games I prefer you to keep raging while we do drake, because enemy jungler is top. Or we take both mid and bot tower. Or.. Well, I think you can understand it.   Is like selecting a tank and complain because "They always hit me and I die". That's actually wonderful for your team but pretty bad for you. Do you think we care about how do you feel dying?
1	im wondering if during your promos does matchmaking get less favorable. Because the enemy has way better mmr all around according to the sites i checked. Or did i just get amazingly unlucky. because i check everyone for each game.
1	Comcast user here and I found out the solution to the lag problems. I had problems with my ping spiking to 9999 for about 10 seconds which would then disconnect my internet and waste about 5 minutes to reconnect. This would happen daily between certain times so I decided to look up my problem. Needless to say their were NO solutions to it on the internet, so I took my router and asked for another one. They gave me a new router and the problem still occurred. I went back about a week ago to get a THIRD NEW ROUTER and the problem went away. Try asking for new routers until you get a good one. I did some research on Comcast Routers and apparently they're having a lot of broken ones handed out to customers.
0	I was about to comment this same thing, thanks for pointing it out first!   Priests should be respected whether you believe in religion or not, because they've dedicated their lives to helping people, not just with religion but in other ways too; Priests help the homeless, They organize fund raisers, And they're usually always around if you just need someone to talk to. I actually haven't encountered a priest that dislikes atheists, All the ones I've talked to pretty much understand that stance but just don't follow it themselves.
1	actually most funny phrases/cliches/etc. come from making a sarcastic remark or gesture that was once taken seriously. a good example would be an inside joke between a group of friends. joey can be talking about band camp and then mark will chime in with a 'that one time at band camp' remark. now no one in the group actually went to band camp with joey, or is even in band, but they all understand the reference and chuckle because they think its a funny reference.   granted this reference is outdated, but its the same thing with the 'wazzzzzzzuuuuuupppppppppp' fad and 'umadbro'. if you didnt do it that doesn't make more mature or cooler than anyone, but more likely a tool that doesn't do something popular just because everyone else does it.   the should explain the 'unfunny' claim. now the dumb part, well sure it can seen as 'dumb'. but most things that are meant to be a joke are dumb aren't they? ever listen to standup? its a story usually about stupid people or being in dumb situations. or the 'ol slip on a banana peel joke. who is actually dumb enough to do that? no one. but if i see someone do it in real life ill laugh my ass off, and that's before checking if they're alright.   now the claim /u/morzan95 made about you being a douche is most likely proven by the fact that a)you seem like a tool and b)have a bad sense of humor and c)are dumb enough to think this post will generate any sort of positive feedback.   now making the assumption you are intelligent then point c would be invalid, as you know it wont make a difference and you wont get any sort of positive reinforcement. in which case you are either a masochist or a troll-neither of which matter
1	The most important thing is just to play and gain more experience. I used to build AS/cdr kennen (following a guide) because i saw it on mobafire (was a terrible build (soul shroud and malady and nashors) i played from level 10-20 with that build without realizing anything was wrong. but then as i learnt more about the game, I realized building AP was so much better. my point is, learn the items and what they do, then apply it in your situation (your team, enemy team)   there is no such thing as a standard build. at all. there maybe core items (eg. revolver on morde and vlad etc) but what you build really depends on your team. If you're playing tank, find out if your support is building aegis or not, if s/hes not see if you can slide it into your build. Another thing to note at this situation is how likely are you to teamfight? or would split pushing benefit your team the most? If you have lots of teamfighting potential, build aegis. Also, if you have a dual AP team, consider getting an early Wota to benefit your teamates   You should also keep the enemies' team in mind. For example, where most their damage comes from (whose the most fed) and build accordingly, for example if you are playing AD and their AP carry(s) are getting fed, you might want to consider buying a MoM, or if they have shittons of cc (or if they have a malz, urgot or ww who is most likely going to focus you), a quick QSS might not be a bad idea.   Another thing is to note what types of defenses the enemy team is building. If they are stacking armor, getting some armorpen is a good idea, same with mr.
0	Closing up a kitchen is really hard work. in my restaurant experience it's been about 1-1.5 hrs to close everything down from a starting point working balls-out with a small crew. However, a typical evening shift might have been 3-9:30 with the restaurant closing to customers at 9.   I was always trained to start cleaning the line piece by piece starting around 8. If someone comes in late and orders a complicated dish using most of the line, you have to clean it all over again. it sucks for your social life because your shift may end a full hour or so later than it does on your schedule.   Protip:  If you walk in during the last hour of a restaurant's operations, ask the server what you can order that won't force them to clean anything on the line again. they'll love you for it, you'll get great service, and if they tell the cook (nice customers get talked about in the kitchen, sadly they can be rare) your meal will be better for it.
1	Maybe I'm lacking context from how people behaved in the game, but in my opinion there's absolutely nothing wrong with saying someone was "a cancer". To me, saying Trundle was a cancer means he was a toxic player spreading toxicity throughout the game. It's not like the guy said "I hope Trundle gets cancer", which is actually offensive (Depending how sensitive you are).   Honestly, this chat log isn't bad at all and I think we've all seen worse. Using a word like "raped" is not a bad thing. Context is very important, every gamer knows that when someone gets "raped" in a video game, it just means they lost badly. That's context, it's not like the guy said "I hope your family member gets raped", which is worse.   Context is extremely important. Just like when someone says "that's gay", it's not a call for homosexuals to get offended (Though the uneducated ones do). I'm gay, and even I say "that's gay", which just means "that's lame". The listener has just an active part as the speaker in a conversation and has responsibilities as well. As a listener, you're not supposed to overreact and misinterpret everything said at you, which is kind of what you're doing here.
1	If you're a highly skilled jungler in low-level games, the first tip is to pick a champ that snowballs hard and has strong early ganks (Jarvan, Elise, Evelynn, Shaco, Lee Sin, etc.).  If you can go 8/0/2 in the first 10 minutes, then you'll be in a position to carry harder than your laners, so that you can take advantage of your skill level.   If all your lanes are losing, just make sure you farm your jungle hard so when you do need to fight, you're as strong as you can be.  Wasting your time on ganks that have a low probability of success won't get you anywhere.  Farm hard when you can't gank.   Lastly, try to recognize the enemy jungler's behaviour.  If, for example, the enemy jungler is a Lee Sin who seems to gank bot lane every three minutes, there's a good chance he's just doing a full clear then ganking bot, backing, then doing it all over again.  By anticipating a gank and waiting in an unwarded area near that lane, you can potentially get a double or triple kill that your team can use to get back on the winning side.  Counterganks are powerful if you know how the other jungler thinks.
0	Heres my story,   I worked with three people, two guys and a girl.   One of the guys and the girl started going out. On the second or third date she tells him upfront that she has herpes. He is young, doesnt know how to handle it and bails on her almost immediately. It crushes her and she spreads rumors around work that he had trouble performing on their big night. To his credit he doesnt say anything bad in return, other than to me and another close friend of his.  Fast Forward years later and I work in a different part of the company and this other guy Im working with mentions that he used to date the same girl (He was going for bragging rights because she was extremely good looking) and I said Oh, wow. So you didnt have a problem with her herpes? The guys face turns ghost white. He had since been married for a few years. He starts getting all agitated saying Im lying. I told him I had direct knowledge from someone who walked away because he couldnt deal with it. We go over the dates buddy one went out with her and when buddy two went out with her. We call buddy one and he confirms over the phone his part of the story.  Now buddy two  is livid and wants to confront her and Im thinking were all going to get in trouble with HR. I told him its obvious he didnt catch anything and to cool it. I tell him to go head to a planned parenthood and get tested. If he is clear no one else has to know.  I dont bring it up ever again and as far as I know he is fine.
0	As someone who's a fan of the genre and of the idea of the show, I find that it's a show like the X-Files, where you can sit down and watch it from the beginning and plow through, which many people (myself included) have done with both shows (at least new Dcotor Who).   But the intent, I believe, in showing them those specific episodes are to use them to try and create a fan of the show in one episode. Two of the three episodes mentioned aren't typical "best" episodes, but rather ones that establish a kind of reference point for what the show is. And, if you like those episodes, chances are that you'll like the show as a whole.   The show, like the X-Files, is one with a broad spectrum of quality, largely centered in the "pretty good" section. There are certainly bad episodes to go with the very good ones, and because of its genre, it's a show that is very popular in communities like Reddit, so it probably gets more discussion than it merits. But it's still a fun, largely good show.
0	Because people don't appreciate a double standard (or even, from your perspective, a perceived one), means that they "hate women"? What a lazy ad hominem attack. Do you go to a website like Jezebel or DoubleX and ask them why they hate men so much?
1	i was gonna comment with the rage of a thousand suns on this comment, but then i realised that we are talking about bot morgana in a reference to team Siren and suddenly it was a pretty cool joke.
1	Do people understand how electricity functions? Because if they knew, they wouldn't be sucking Riot's dick so much on this issue.   For those who don't know:  You cannot improve ping without decreasing distance.  Yes, electrons are activated in a wire at the speed of light, but the speed as to which the electrons travel is constricted by wire width, material and temperature. Like, this is fucking  high school physics.  Or college physics, take your pick.
0	The worst is when you work with one black person. All your bosses are old white people, and assume the 50 year old black man working with you needs extra help, and constantly gets money handed to him so he can take the train, and has money for dinner, can pay his rent. All while I'm 29, living on my own, making less money than the black guy, paying my own bills. Fuck reverse racism.
0	It sounds like they should have sued for false arrest.   And gain what exactly? Laws are different everywhere, especially in the common law system, but I assume in the US you'd still have to prove a certain form of damage. I don't see you gaining much from this, from my POV that is (someone might know better).   So let's say you gain 10 000 - 20 000$ from the case, you also gain a relentless hatred from your local police force. I've heard horror stories of citizen harrasement done by police and it's a real mess to try to get the perpetrator(s) suspended/fired.   From a legal point of view, for the small gain you might get and the dangers of harassment following your legal battle, you're better off just sucking it up.   So what, you got arrested. If you're not injured or anything, no need to bury yourself.
0	Feel the need to clear a few things up here. The most conclusive test is via amniocentesis, where you can actually check for chromosome abnormalities. I would think that if an ultrasound suggests Down Syndrome, parents would absolutely elect to do an amniocentesis. I am guessing that these redditors' parents/friends did NOT get amniocentesis, which is a test that is 99% accurate. The 1% inaccuracy? Most likely due to lab testing error and highly unlikely to be paired with ultrasound scans that suggest Down Syndrome. If your parents/friends got an amniocentesis, confirmed Down Syndrome, and had a healthy baby? The lab is in deep shit because they most likely screwed up.
0	Allowed some kid to punch me several times while I was asking "Are you done yet, cause I am not fighting you". Still got suspended for fighting even though I never threw a punch or even defended myself. I showed up to school everyday and was told to leave, just went to class anyway and told the VP to leave me alone cause I did nothing wrong.
1	Win rates are a horrible way to look at a champion's strength because a champion's popularity can skew their results.   Look at Yasuo a few patches ago: he was absolutely overpowered in many team compositions and almost impossible to reliably fight if the opponent had any experience on the champion. This led to massive amounts of people both banning Yasuo and playing him without the necessary experience or understanding of his mechanics. This skewed the statistics because you had a large amount of unskilled players prioritizing him as a pick when they had no idea how to play him. This does not change the fact that he was still an immensely powerful (honestly overpowered) champion.   This argument applies as well to Lucian, pre-nerf Leblanc, Lee Sin, pre-nerf Elise, etc.
1	The thing is you need to look deep into the system to understand the flaws : The system is ruled by Elo rating. Elo is ( not including special modifications from riot ) theoretically a representation of level AND expected outcome : it is made so that a team of 2200 Elo players will have let's say ( made up ) 55% chances of winning against a 2100 Elo players team. And same chances for 2100 against 2000  Now there's the gain. Gain comes from expected outcomes: if you are D5 at 2000 Elo you'll win more Elo for beating 2100 Elo players than what you lose for a defeat, and they may win less in case of victory and lose more in case of defeat.  Furthermore, the system has mmr thresholds for divisions ( if you're above you'll win more lp and if you're below you'll win les. Revert for losses ).  Then 2 factors have to be taken into account: there's a finite number of players at the top tiers. So instead of reflecting only mmr the system is also a filter for master/challenger.  Then the system is very forgiving when demoting. To be more efficient the system should kick on any 0 LP loss if your mmr is under the threshold and keep you in if its over.  Lastly, the system has a harder time to get equal mmr on both teams. So you can have let's say 70% win, but all against lower mmr team, and have only defeats vs your level. The system gave you little mmr for wins and made you lose way more for defeats.
1	ACtually, there are some reasons why I don't take drugs. It costs a lot financially, you might get criminal esp. if you are OOM (out of money), but I also think the short-term happyness/consumption doesn't outweight ALL the trouble you have afterwards, such as drug withdrawal with pain and whatever connected to it.
0	I remember when my parents told me when I was conceived... It was on a crowded bus ride in Canada and my dad was pointing to the hotel they had sex in. Then my mom says that that had sex a month before they went to Disney. This was going on for the last half hour of the bus ride. Oh, we weren't all right next to each other; there was about 5 ft between my dad and I and about 8ft between my mom and I.
0	Getting on sexual cam websites. It stated as "innocently" as much addictions do, with the mild version. I remember being bored one day and going to chatroullete one night to see what the buzz was about. I was exposed to things that were cool (met a magician), things that were weird (group of dudes just sitting there and starring at the camera), things that were completely illegal (10 year old-ish boy just masturbating which had ruined me for life), balls, lots and LOTS of balls (men just love to be watched doing their act it seems) and last but not least, some hot girls (emphasis on some). They would start teasing you then disappear. It was so frustrating cause there was no way to get back in communication. So at that time I remember seeing ads that featured girls that were live for you to chat with so I looked into it more. When I saw you had to pay per minute, I said forget this but then I saw this one girl who really caught my attention. I loaded up $20 thinking "eh, it's just $20". What a mistake... It exposed me and now I'm a fan. It got worse when I found out about "free" cam sites that all you do is tip instead of a per minute deal and I've been completely hooked ever since. 2 years strong. Help...
0	Those are incidents which people are talking about and you're right, it's odd that Mike Brown became THE main talking point. However I've been thinking a lot about Malcolm Gladwell and "The Tipping Point."   "Epidemics are sensitive to the conditions and circumstances of the times and places in which they occur."   Ferguson was the tipping point, there had been so much anger over Trayvon Martin, and then further stories of other police brutality, and then three black men shot by cops unarmed in two months that made major media by "connectors" as Gladwell calls them.   The result is that Ferguson was a perfect chemical mix of everything occurring in this past year that exploded.
1	Your edit says something about Renekton. You want to know why Renekton is popular out of URF but never played in URF? It's the exact same reason that Hecarim is popular in URF but you almost never see him outside of URF. Just like you a lot of people complain about Renekton and how he's not fun to play against, but it won't change that people will play to win in anything that isn't co-op vs ai. Winning and having fun aren't mutually exclusive.
0	They did not play many popular songs, the ones they did play had horrible timing and sounded off. As a main act they did not include the audience much and they seamed to be set up like an opener. They had no flag/back drop, nothing besides a weak light show. the only prop they brought in was a sword that did not fit with the song. it seamed like they where just there to get their money and leave. They couldnt have cared less about the fans.
1	I think you need to account for the active. Its really the big flaw with the items balance as 10% of your max HP is just going to rip anything apart. The thinking of it is "oh only melee can abuse this" but unless its nothing but a range on range game something melee is going to bashing on a carry who has a botrk active to burn. Or your trist who has 0 issue jumping into a team...
1	Well my story is something like this: Started season 2 by not playing ranked almost at all. About 4 months passed with me just playing normal games and just playing the game for fun.   A few more months passed and I started watching the "pro's" play (hotshotgg most notably), which inspired me to start playing rankeds. I mostly played support janna for starters as all my friends told me that it was one of the easiest and strongest supports. As i won a few games and gained more confidence on my skills I started playing other classes.   A few months later I found myself in 1300-1400 elo, where I was stuck for a long time. I was mostly playing top/jungle/support only.   It was only recently when I really got inspired to get that gold status. So I played the strongest champs I could find, which were for me Kennen, Malphite, Shen, Alistar, Graves, Maokai. Eventually I  reached my goal 1500 elo and passed even further to 1630 max elo where I sit at the moment. It was a journey for me where I developed as a player in many ways.   The thing about soloqueue in my mind is setting goals for yourselves and having the right mindsetup to achieve the goals. Communicate with your team and support each other. As a jungler it is very important to help the lanes that are losing. Oh and make sure you know the champions you are going to play in rankeds. Play a lot of normals to know your skills.   For next season im going for plat...
1	Ive watched Phantom for quite awhile. I feel he is still a decent enough guy, but months and months of teaching at low elo has (imo) caused his "skill" to decline drastically. Just like when someone high elo plays at low elo, some of the "normal" events that occur in a game suddenly feel very foreign. Suddenly trying to climb the elo bracket again is probably a lot harder than he originally thought, so the rage happens, the flaming happens and the frustration sets in. Yeah, I HATE when he flames. You know what I do though? I sit in my chair at home, call him an assclown and continue watching the game. Who cares, its his stream, let him do what he wants.
0	I see a lot of BS in here, and not a lot of good info, so I am going to summarize.   Disclaimer: Africa is fucking huge. none of these comments applies to all people in Africa. There are, however, some cultural norms that are highly prevalent in many countries on the continent that help to lead to high fertility rates. Please recognize that these statements are not intended to dismiss the very real shifts Africans have made socially, economically and culturally in the past century.   To wit: The answer is, education, culture and infant mortality.   Education: Anyone who looks past their hands can figure out what causes babies, but what is much more difficult is estimation of how children will  negatively  impact your  physical livelihood  (meaning we completely ignore any emotional benefits). In many cases, children are an  economic benefit,  as they can provide labor for the household from a very young age.  In industrialized nations, children cost money until they are in their teens because we have laws forbidding them from working a full work week and mandating they attend schools. In Africa, children can work on family farms or in villages and provide valuable services for a family from only 18 months old.  As such, a significant percentage of African children do not attend school, and are not educated about things such as family planning, budgeting, labor exchange etc. Which leads us to culture.   Culturally, there are a lot of reasons Africans have such a high fertility rate. 1st, Much of Africa is paternalistic, meaning the wants and needs of the wife and daughters come after those of the husband and sons. If the husband wants sex, often a refusal can result in very negative consequences both within the family (beatings) but also in the society (refusal to acquiesce to your husband has been grounds for death, in some cases).  2nd, large families can, as noted above, provide labor to care for the whole of the family, leading to a general notion that larger families are better.  3rd, If you can afford to educate one of your kids, it will be your son. 2 kids? both sons. 3 kids? if you have 2 sons and a daughter, you pay for better school for your sons. Lack of education about planning and welfare means that many women literally are simply ignorant of the fact that they might benefit the work force with their labor, rather than simply being a baby factory, as they are raised to believe their job is to care for the family, not participate in the work force.   Infant Mortality: In industrialized nations, we have rapid access to reliable, good and extremely specialized healthcare, giving us the lowest infant mortality rates in history. Never before have so few of our offspring died before 5 years old, to the point where we expect if we have only  one  child, they will live to bury us.  In many parts of Africa, the nearest doctor is miles away, and often that journey must be made on foot.  This means that  vastly  higher numbers of African children die before their 5th birthday than in industrialized nations. So, do you wait to see if your son or daughter makes it to 10 before having another? No, you make a very macabre calculation about how many of your children will die, and then you have more than that number. Often, it isn't unrealistic to expect 1 in three will not live to 10. That, in conjunction with the above and growing access to healthcare means that large families tend to stay large, leading to a rapidly expanding population.   That is the snowball on the tip of the iceburg of an answer to your question.   How to fight this? Education of women.  Every single study  done on the subject notes MARKED declines in fertility rates as well as infant mortality rates when you educate girls. The spreading effects and economic returns are staggering.
1	Basically it is just like WoW, in Vanilla (Max level 60) you could only play with the people on your server. You would run into them over and over again. Ofcourse there would be people you disliked but in general people were okay, not extremely harsh things were said.   At the following expansion (The burning crusade max level 70) Cross Realm Battlegrounds became a big thing and you started seeing more and more players in your battlegrounds, making the environment there quite toxic.   At the expansion after that (Wrath of the Lich King), they introduced Dungeon Finder, making it unnecessary to actually communicate with the people on your server unless you wanted to raid. So people weren't nice to eachother any more because they didn't NEED to engage things together for more then 20/50 minutes. In conclusion, making it unnecessary for people to see eachother more then once it creates a toxic environment where people don't care about what they say too others.
1	The new system is good, but it isn't flawless. Because of the fact that you now have to go through an out-of-10 provisional challenge, some people (who clearly didn't deserve their division) had a little more luck than others (and I've personally seen cases like these) than others, getting placed in very high divisions where they can't play. This causes people to lose and go down in elo and hit the bottom of Silver V until they get better, creating a huge cluster of players in that division.   An example is a friend of mine and I.   Before playing ranked, I played at level 30 for about 4-5 months. When I started playing ranked and during my promotionals we had afkers and ragequitters. I ended up in Bronze III, and to be honest, it was for the best. I wasn't very good at the time, so it was best for me to start at the bottom. Now, being Silver I, I'd like to go back and thank those ragequitters and afkers from my teams.   My friend, on the other hand, stared playing ranked 1 week after he hit level 30 and reached Silver II from his provisionals. He's now getting wrecked by Silver Is, Gold Vs simply because of the fact that he didn't have afkers and dcs in his teams during provisionals. He's not a skilled player, he got carried by his allies in provisionals and so on. This causes him to lose a lot, rage and he will eventually stop playing ranked.   I'm not saying this to complain about the fact that people get divisions they don't deserve, but because people get divisions that are too hard for them just because their first 10 games went pretty well, which then causes them to not become better players simply because of the fact that they get wrecked in Solo Q. You can't learn how to play the game if you're playing against players that have tons of experience. They'll dominate you. Imo, it's not a good idea to judge one's skill based on 10 matches. Everyone should start from the bottom in order to progressively advance and become better, not get placed in a division they don't have the skill or knowledge to handle.   SIDENOTE: I've seen people in Silver II;I that never ward their lane, overextend, get ganked and complain about their jungler not ganking when the enemy is hugging his/her tower. Every player should know these kind of things by the time they enter Silver Elo. This is the lack of knowledge I'm trying to point out.
0	I live in a resort town and in the winter the cops get bored as fuck.  Sooooooo my sister's boyfriend (who was a waste of life) supposedly was dealing drugs.  I get home from my girlfriend's house one night and there are fifteen cop cars surrounding my house and cops in swat gear, assault rifles, and night vision goggles.  I pull into my drive way, asshole detective walks up to my car asks me if i'm [name] I say yes he goes over radio " we have [name]" pulls ME out of car and puts me in handcuffs all the while not telling me why I'm in handcuffs and why they are surrounding the house.  Nothing not a fucking word.   They bring me in the house. I see my mother in handcuffs in the kitchen on a chair and I ask what's going on and she says [boyfriend] is selling drugs. They separate us screaming at everyone to shut up.  They bring me into bathroom of house and corner me with two detectives one in swat gear, machine gun, whole deal and the other one I went to high school with. He knows me, he knows my family, he knows my friends, he knows I'm not into any of this shit.  Still they press me like a criminal (totally innocent until proven guilty, right!).  They confiscate phones, laptops, hard drives, notebooks.  They put us in separate cars drive us to the station we all the spend the evening in holding cells all the while they are ripping apart our house looking for drugs.   They found a fucking oz of weed! That's it! 1 oz of pot!   They release everyone. Court summons for my sister and [boyfriend]. They tell us [boyfriend] who is responsible for this shit has to stay with us because it is part of a bigger undercover investigation.  I made him leave.  Our computers and what not are supposed to be released in the morning with us. So I go down to the police station the next day to get my computer back. This ends with me and the asshole detective in a shouting match in the lobby of the station.  I leave, fuming.   I found out later, talking to my mother, that asshole high school alum cop was the first in. He didn't knock and announce. He was wearing a black hoodie, screaming, and pointing a handgun in my mother's face.   My sister who was going to school for nursing, had a 3.8, now had a drug charge on her record.  That's a big no no working in a hospital, because , you know, pot is just like having heroin or pills or meth.   The saving grace is that waste of life boyfriend is out of the picture.   The following weeks consisted of getting pulled over at least once a week sometimes twice, because "did i see you see on your cellphone? also any news on [boyfriend]?"   I am instilled with a violent hatred for law enforcement because of this. Excessive waste of time and money that could have been avoided by doing better detective work.  What do you expect from someone who barely graduated high school, and was taught to be a cop by former cops. Group thought leads to further galvanize that group thought.
0	I'm a "modern" feminist, and wasn't aware that having autonomy over my physical body was a "special privilege". I'm not going to mince words.  Womens bodies have been, and continue to be, the subject of legislation at both state and federal levels. This is where the state tells me, what I can and can not do with my own physical body.  This is the simple reality that my uterus is more legislated than guns are. The war on women, might very well have to do with the fact that womens bodies have been the subject of legislation at both the state and federal level, to an absurd degree.  Women in certain states do not have access to certain options, medications, and services.  I'd say that is a very real issue, and a very concerning one. You also do not see this level of legislation when it comes to mens bodies.  So yes, I would argue that when someone is threatening the autonomy of my body, they have declared war.  In this instance, by in large, the bodies they choose to legislate are female.   As for women living longer, not all of that has to do with women getting "better care" than men.  "The longevity gap is present both in industrialized societies and in developing countries (see Table 2). It's a universal observation that suggests a basic difference between the health of men and women."  [Source]( Last time I checked, the health care law, applies to both men and women. Yes, there are aspects that apply specifically to women. For example, the fact that birth control is now covered.  I don't see a problem with this, as Viagra has been covered for years. What is sad is that there had to be a law passed to ensure women could get their medication, and not pay absurd out of pocket costs. It also speaks volumes to the benefits family planning can have on a country, for men and women alike.
0	Technically true, But takes a lonnngo time. To breathe enough pure helium to die completely you would either have to strap on a mask for several minutes while your brain fails due to lack of oxygen, or be in a sealed room till eventually the same thing happens. It's painless because you still feel like you're breathing. Your lungs register the same stimulus as breathing air, but there is no oxygen that transfers into the hemoglobin of the blood and you get the same symptoms as oxygen deprivation. First you black out, then asphyxiate but without actually feeling it.
1	New players know they're playing against smurfs because it's blatantly obvious and the smurfs often ask who else is a smurf \^^   However I think OP's experience of there being nearly only smurfs at lv 1-7 might be partially caused by everyone who isn't some scumbag who enjoys noobstomping/sealclubbing is going to select "I'm very experienced with mobas" at the start, and I believe that influences your initial MMR. From my smurf (leveling it up so I have an account to play on when I'm tired, it's not fun getting stomped even in normals whenever you're playing when tired) I can confirm it however. Almost only smurfs (mine is currently lv 8).   The IP grind feels long, but that's only because I already know the game. When I was new I felt its existance, but never thought it was too much, and on my main I still just play and the IP add up over time, so I really don't have many problems with it.
1	Keep playing. If you take 10 people of the same ELO and randomly match them, you have a 50/50 chance of being on the winning team, assuming they are of the same skill level. Now, let's assume you don't suck. Now whatever team you are on has a guaranteed NOT sucking player, meaning the ratio of (players who suck) to (players who don't suck) is 4:1, as opposed to the other team's 5:0. If you are truly better than the people you play with, you will win 10% more games than anyone else you see, making your ELO rise until you are now equal to the surrounding players.
1	it's software which is installed during the initial instalation of LoL. It has no purpose afterwards, but, it keeps on uploading data constantly, without you knowing about it, and as such it slows down your game.
0	Hmmm... my wife is kind of the opposite of your SO.   At christmas a few years back, we visited my parents.  She  was in charge of packing the christmas presents for the trip and when we arrived she discovered, to her own "horror", that she'd forgotten my present to her.  It was a small package, she  knew  it contained jewelry of some sort.   Gallant husband as I am, I made a last minute shopping for a new gift just to make sure she didn't spend christmas with all my family and didn't receive anyting from me. I guess I figured she could always get the first one later.   Then, at the time of opening the presents, the first present kind of miraculously appeared inside her purse, leaving her with two presents from me for christmas. It's still a tale that is repeated at every family gathering...
1	He has a terrible early game, any champ can bully him lane, if you don't push the early advantage then yes, you will probably lose lane. The other thing is he contributes little to team fights, he only real damage spell is his q and his ult, if you push for early team fight in other areas of the map he wont be able to farm and you will be able to get enough ahead to deal with him even in a late game team fight.
0	The lunch manager recently quit and the sou chef took her position. The sou chef was besties with the waitresses who were tired of sharing their tips with the bus boys (even though, in this restaurant, the waitresses only wrote down orders, while the bus boys carried orders to the table, cleaned the tables, refilled drinks, and helped clean the kitchen after the fact). This wasn't a massive conspiracy, I knew a few of the waitresses really well, but there were a couple that were just pure vitriol. Anyway, there were two bus boys, Juan and I. I was a young 19 year old kid and Juan had been there longer and trained me. He saw what was going on. Juan got his position changed from bus boy to "runner", a position with responsibilities previously covered by both bus boys. So now I was the only bus boy in an upscale restaurant. This was my first time finding out what it feels like to be pressured to quit.   When I called in about the car, she said, "What are we going to do about this? We need someone who can be on time. If you don't have a car, there is no way we can be sure you'll be on time. I don't see how we can work around this. We're going to have to let you go."   To add a little more context about the type of people they are willing to hire and fire, this restaurant, which charges about $50 for a typical two person meal, had a bakery. The bakery had one baker. The baker was a 20 something, just out of chef school guy. He was pretty cool, fun to hang out with. Problem is that he often left dough in that giant blender looking machine and we would get fly infestations in the kitchen from it. Like swarm clouds of flies. He also showed up when he wanted to and left whenever. Pretty much the first person I met who managed to keep their job just because they are a "super cool guy".   > Late often?   Actually, the sou chef decided to play around with the schedules. She wanted me to come in a half hour early, way before I would be needed for anything. I told her I had school and that the previous schedule I had been on for 6 months was fine. Coming in that half hour early would mean I would be standing around for a half hour with nothing to do. So she changed it back for a week, then back again. I was like, "whatever". And I would have to show up a few minutes late under that schedule. But it wasn't a shift change or anything, it was just an arbitrary half hour earlier that she knew would be difficult for me to make. So yeah, I was late often. Sou me.
1	Situation 1: Rekkles* walks happily to his turret to recall with ~20% of his health. He sees a Requiem going down, but thinks "I've got enough health, no need to use my Barrier". But he hears the Karthus' creepy voice, pops Barrier and continues his way safely back home.   Situation 2: Somebody gets to the edge of a team fight. Karthus uses his ult, but this somebody doesn't hear Karthus' voice, so he should be safe, right? Nope, because right before the ult hits, an enemy auto attacks our somebody and deals just enough damage for Karthus to kill him.
1	Personally, this is how I see it. There are two kinds of Limited Edition skins. One type deserves to remain Limited Edition, and one type won't hurt anybody if they were to be made Legacy and resold eventually.   The type that I personally feel that deserves to remain Limited Edition are skins that you have to have earned. Skins like King Rammus, earned by having played in Closed Beta. Skins like Victorious Janna/Elise, earned by reaching a particular rank. Rewards you earn for having achieved a significant goal, or having taken part in something important in League of Legends history, those should remain Limited Edition.   The type that I think should be changed to Legacy and resold eventually are the skins that were made available for a limited time during holidays, like Christmas and Halloween. These skins bare no significant mark of achievement besides having been in the right place at the right time, and having the money to buy them.   On one hand, I can see that players who own those skins would be upset. "Oh, now other people own this beautiful skin that I and only I own. Now it's not as special to me anymore." But on the other hand, it's like... What does that do to you, to know that somebody other than yourself owns an awesome holiday-themed skin? Really? You didn't do anything to earn or win the skin, you were just able to buy it because you were at the right place at the right time. That's luck, that's not any significant achievement, you were just lucky to know what League of Legends is, and have money at the time.   Furthermore, a holiday item shouldn't really even BE limited edition. I feel it kind of ruins the point of being a holiday skin. For example, if I main Veigar, and I don't play any of the other champions that currently have skins available to buy for Christmas, I can't buy Bad Santa Veigar to show some holiday cheer? It has to be locked away never to be seen or heard from again?
1	No. You need to give your passport to the embassy while you're waiting for visa. That can around a week (seven days). However, In between matches the players have 3-5 days (depending on when they travel in and out of Cologne).   Hence, if Gambit members were not to miss a single game, then the visa applications should've happened before the season started. However, they were informed about it mid season, which means that if Gambit even were to get the visas, then they would need to miss a few games on another week.   It was utter bullshit of riot to do in regards to Gambit. Not just a silly mistake for the reason that you wrote.
1	This is almost exactly how I feel. Not only is it a lot more fun to play with your friends, but you will play better with people who know your play style and when you know theirs. I often times have a very hard time in solo que because not only is it hard to predict what your teammates may do but it can also degenerate into everyone on the team blaming everyone else for losing. All of this gets away from what this game is: A GAME! Not every normals match needs to be treated like it's the world championships. Play to have fun. If you win, Great! Compliment the people who did well and give advice to those who didn't. If you lost, that sucks, but take note of what the other team did well. Talk to your team, talk to the other team, be friendly.
0	Neuroscience PhD student here.   Hormones act in 2 ways. There are organizational effects and activational effects. An organizational effect is something that occurs extremely early in development during a critical period, and cannot be changed later in life (your brain is organized a certain way). Activational effects are not related to development, but they are events in which your hormone receptor is activated, serves its purpose, and then "shuts off".   During the first 8 weeks of embryo development, the presence or absence of the Y chromosome (more specifically, the SRY gene) determines if tests or ovaries begin to develop. Once these organs have begun to develop, they will start to produce hormones, either Estrogen (female) or Testosterone (male), and these will effect how your brain and neural circuitry develop.   The presence of Testosterone both masculinizes and defeminizes the male brain, while the lack of testosterone leads to female development. But why isn't the developing male affected by the mother's circulating estrogen? This is due to a protein called alpha fetoprotein (I'm going to call it AFP). AFP binds to estrogen and doesn't allow it to pass through the blood brain barrier, protecting males from their mother's estrogen. AFP is also key in the difference between male and female neural development.   Testosterone and Estrogen are both steroid hormones derived from cholesterol, and Testosterone is the precursor to estrogen. That being said, one can be converted into another. AFP binds up estrogen, preventing it from getting in, but Testosterone can get past, and masculinize/ defeminize the brain.   It's actually estrogen receptors that cause the masculinization- Testosterone gets converted to Estrogen, then acts on estrogen receptors at the sites of neural development. So in protecting the female fetus from being exposed to its mother's estrogens, as well as its own, the female brain does not get masculinized. While males, who have testosterone which AFP does not bind, are also protected from endogenous estrogens, they still become masculinized due to the Testosterone being converted to estrogen once it is at its target site.   So to actually answer your question: (and keep in mind, these things are all still being researched) It does force a child down a road one way or another. However, whether the child is able to fully go down that road due to the organizational effects of hormones (either masculinized with the presence of T, or feminized by the absence of it) is what will make that road either easy or hard.   After all of the developmental stuff is over with, then comes the question of gender identity and hormone therapy. I don't know exactly what type of intersex OP was born with (there are many), but essentially, if in the first 8 week of development his neural development underwent masculinization, then it would likely be "easier" for him to be male in the long run, and testosterone hormone injections would be the better choice (and if his brain was feminized, then estrogen would be the better choice). It all comes down to how they feel in their own skin.
1	I will start by stating I have been a Riot supporter since day 1, starting with beta and introducing many many people to the game. I truly have believed in what riot's mission has been thus far.   However, Riot did destroy his league career. You think LoL will be around as the most competitive game for another 5 years? Think again, this year is the single most important year to date, and will determine whether this is a feasible approach to eSports professional gaming. Of which IWD has put in substantial time and effort in helping develop the pro scene to this point as he has been a part of it for an extensive amount of time.   Gaming has, and always will be full of gamers. Since the beginning of gaming, people get hyped/emotional/jabber mouthed/etc. when things do not go as intended. This ranges from a 2 year old to a 50 year old.   I have not been punished by the tribunal on any of my accounts, ever. However from the start of tribunal being implemented in the way it is, it started off being a GREAT idea, and quickly was realized that not all god ideas are implemented properly.   This was the start, since first time since playing this game over 3 years ago that I have been disappointed with Riot. And this very harsh implementation only leaves me with a taste in my mouth that riot is pushing more towards catering to its masses (not top 20% elo) players, just as WoW did in its beginning after Blackwing lair I believe it was called. They made everything easy mode and more accessible to the casual gamer and continued to do so from what I've been told.   I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, punishing players by perma-banning is already excessive considering the amount of time and money put in by the individual. This in itself is trying to change the nature of online gaming, competitive gamers as I stated above have historically had a raging nature. That is why they are playing a PURELY PVP based game.   The root disruption of the game in my opinion is not typing ragers, you have plenty of options if your feelings are hurt by keystrokes. The biggest problem is people who do not communicate in team select/afk-ragequitter's. This disrupts the game the most, I have had plenty of ragers in my games and there is a mute button for each player in the game that any moron can figure out. If your feelings are hurt so much in a competitive environment I suggest you stick to candyland because regardless of Riot's stance on this, this behavior towards less skilled players will be in EVERY competitive style game til the end of gaming. The best players, want to win.
1	Ninjaken can you please give me an advise with nocturne, i've been loving him since season 3 and now that he is viable in S4 again i started playing him like crazy but i got a problem with ganking most adc's. I try my best to like go Fear and in front of em so they go towards our tower but then they just flash or just use escape ability to go again in front of me and these supports make it even harder.
0	It's convenient for the person asking, sure. But I'd argue all the negatives you listed are basically part of the game: it'd be nice to walk into a bar and know exactly who's interested in you and who's not but it just doesn't work that way. You don't know whether the person is interested in you the same way that the person doesn't know anything about you besides whatever interaction you had with them (which has left you with a # and questioning how sincere they were being). Like I said before, and I know it's unfortunate but,: offending normal people who would prefer being turned down (and so be more likely to get over it) is better for the individual-being-asked than offending the (hopefully uncommon) person that will react like a dick/looney-tune.
1	i also question myself this all the time. valid to remember, all vods of chinese games are on leaguepedia, i hate when people say "oh, its never on twitch, etcc", you can find all games. even if you dont understand chinese (like me), its perfectly enjoyable... but i wonder why riot dont cast it in english, and the answer is: The community itself dont want it. all posts and comments about chinese teams/players dont recieve upvotes, because the community is lazy to watch the game with no english casters. so they end up dont watching and dont like and dont commenting. You can see, after that zac pentakill gamewinning by PDD, no one gave a shit, about 30 comments in the post... but any play by madlife or insec, the post earn 200 comments... the community still thinks korea is better than chinese (maybe they have more chances to win, because of the meta and playstyle, yet, they are not better, chinese teams are more skilled and less flaws), so reddit will never give them proper atttention ( unless if OMG win the s3 worldchampionship ).
1	This whole thing screams scam/fake. You don't  actually elaborate what you want to do in E-Sports nor what you posses aside from passion, which is not very accurate either. You can't just say you have a passion for E-Sports, that is like saying you have a passion for Football. Do you like playing it? Watching it? What aspects and why?   You aren't telling us anything except for you sob story- which just seems like an attempt  to gain sympathy.  Also, all your comments have been so  kind  and  thankful  to the point of feeling fake and insincere. Also, all your comments have been so  kind  and  thankful  to the point of feeling fake and insincere. You just seem like you're trying to get a free ride/money.
0	If the site that a meme is posted on goes down, you can usually find caption bot or quickmeme transcriber in the comments so you can still laugh.
1	For me, I enjoy playing either solo lane, and I play three champions that can go in either lane (Zed, Jayce, and Riven). I usually actually end up getting those roles, since there are a lot of "just mid" or "just top" players who are glad to let me get the other lane. There are also a TON of adc mains, and quite a few jungle mains. In fact, I have gotten a solo lane at a better frequency than jungle when I mained jungle a few months ago.
1	Morgana is good for learning, but playing Anivia as a 1 month noob was the first time I really felt like I was in control of what I was doing in mid. Her skill shot is a little slower, but isn't affect by minions which made it easier (for me to land). Her ult is self-explanatory and makes her the best farmer in the game. Her passive means you get a second chance when you die. Her wall is the hardest part about her, and for newbies playing against newbies, you can afford to miss a few.   /end derail
1	I read a theory craft based guide on Soraka a while back that I had a lot of success with, I'm not sure who wrote it, but I can't for the life of me find it now. It was written purely from a healing perspective. What it basically said was, Cooldown Boots, Morelleo's Tome,(those two alone with mastries cap CDR, no need for Runes) and Deathcap, were the 3 most economical items to increase the amount you can heal per second. Getting a Heart of Gold in there early was said to be good if you needed some survivability early. Outside of those items, (and this is all in the process of warding and all that good stuff obviously) if you happened to get so late in a game, that you need to actually start filling in more items slots, survivability and aura items were the suggested course. Aegis was even said to be a great early option, before Deathcap. Starks if you have more AD, Will of the Ancients if you have more AP.
1	What you write (and what the analyst says) is by no means in contradiction to what the OP has posted. Quite the opposite in fact. It's the simple rules of supply and demand in economy. The lower you set up the prices, the more people are going to buy your product because the price is in range of what is acceptable for them. The magic is in the fact, that this relationship is not linear and companies need to find the balance where they make the most money. So setting the rune page price lower would 100% sure help it's sales and probably the monetization percentage figure overall. The question is, how it would influence the revenue and (because the costs are unrelated to the product in this case, because it is virtual) thus the profit.   Also the analyst does not recommend other games price like LoL, because such pricing works only if you have such a high player base. But he doesn't think about the fact, that maybe LoL has such a high player base partially due to the setup of their pricing.   BTW: I also pay money for league. But I only pay for value-added items, like champs and skins. Runes are just numbers. I don't find value in numbers.   Edit:
0	I got yelled at for reading as a child, both because I 'read too much' and because of the subject content. (My parents were ultra religious.) I'd sneak books outside during recess so I could hide in a corner and read instead of running around. This earned me quite a few 'red cards'. When I reached middle school, my parents made me go outside and play during the summer - on the days they were home, anyhow - and wouldn't let me take books. So I'd 'go to the park', which happened to be pretty close to the library, and just read all day long. Then when it was time to go home I'd check out even more books, sneak them to my room, and wait until my parents went back to sleep. Then I'd turn my light back on and read until three or four in the morning.
1	From a competitive person, yes.   In-game:  Rank usually determines the chances of success between fights of similar level, i.e. if a gold and a silver on one team 2v2 a silver and a silver on the enemy team, I'd expect the gold and the silver to get more out of it 60-70% of the time.   On the other hand when I play jungle, if I know that my mid laner is 2-3 divisions behind the enemy, I either camp that lane to death or just make the judgment that I can't save mid and focus another lane. ex. I had a diamond V lane against a level 20 and I avoided midlane like the plague   out of game  I take advice hands from anyone who is higher rank than me, no questions asked. Around 70% of all my friends are boosted to gold so I treat them like low silvers, and proceed to tell them every game not to facecheck the bushes.
0	There are times that my GF does similar things to me, but I remind myself that I should feel lucky to have someone who wants me around.  Would some time to myself be nice? Yeah sure, but I still get that every now and then. The only actual complaint that I have is when she used to say something like, "I gave you your time, now it's my turn." I have no problem spending the time with you and I would do it by choice, but making it sound like an obligation made it seem hollow.  I talked to her about it and just requested she not say that sort of phrase. Since then it has made a difference because I don't feel like I was guilt tripped into doing whatever she wants to do, which makes me happy, and we do something that we both enjoy.   So my advice to you, is talk to her about it.  Explain how you are feeling, and come to a compromise.  If you just started a second job she might be feeling as neglected as your games are.  I don't want to come off as patronizing or insulting, this is just how I feel you will do the least harm to the relationship.  I have been a passive aggressive person in most of my relationships and it builds animosity in yourself when you do that.  You end up grumpy and resentful toward your significant other, and you will have a much higher chance at destroying the relationship because of it.   I'm already calling the comment that is somehow snarky saying, "Communication makes a relationship work?! Who knew? /s".  Yeah it is obvious, but some of us are fearful of confronting people with things that are negative.
0	Hello! I am a bot who posts transcriptions of Quickmeme links for anybody who might need it.   >Title: Seeing comments as of late, I'm beginning to wonder   >Meme: Am I the only one   >  AM I THE ONLY ONE AROUND HERE >  WHO KNOWS HOW TO PROPERLY USE
1	I just recently carried myself out, and here's how:   I tried my best to say as little as possible during the game, with the exception of "gj" or "nice". Pings can cover everything else. If you get a rager or feeder, just ignore him. Often they are just looking for attention. Then, if you truly win lane every game, after 50+ games you should be out.
1	I actually used both services and in conclusion I currently only use Paypal   The first time (and last) that I used Moneybookers (thats how Skrill was named before they changed the name because of bad reputation), they said that my account was suspicious and that as a penalty they will close it and I will have no more access to my money, I didn't fight this since I only had about $5 in the balance.   While on Paypal the other hand I had a great experience, I left my computer on while logged in on my Hearthstone account, my cousin bought for me 40 booster packs (costs 45 euros).  I didn't open any of them and I called Blizzard to take them off my account, and reverse the payment, needless to say Blizzard said all payments are final, so I went to Paypal (after Paypal I would've turned to AMEX).  I showed Paypal evidence of me cancelling the contract with Blizzard and resecuring my account so Blizzard can't save my Paypal info (worst mistake ever).  Paypal used their anti-hacking policy (a policy when user's account is compromised and money was spent unwillingly) against Blizzard and reversed the payment, and since Paypal accused Blizzard of an unsecured system, I got to keep those booster packs or Paypal would've taken it to court.
1	How I got over my toxicity:   A while ago, I was your average silver ADC Main, and I got pissed off A LOT. Eventually, I got so mad at the game, I gave up. I said "Instalocking Nidalee, every game, every lane" I stopped talking in chat and communicated only through pings. When I did talk, i would only say things like Nids quote's, or just put <3's when deserved. I generally never get mad at the game anymore and tend to play for fun alone. From Silver 1 to Plat 4, the climb has begun.   This obviously will not work for some people (or most people), but just what i did to get out of my toxicity.
0	I disagree. Although that is ONE solution, its a solution that trats making much money the only thing that is most important. It's a partial solution that shouldn't apply to everyone.   You have to be realisitic. You have to understand the risks you are taking in pursuit of your hobby. As in, you have to understand how likely you are yo succeed and make it big in what your hobby is, and what your life will be like if you aren't successful. Some people don't need a lot of money, they are able to be happy with the most basic of neccessity because they are making a "living" out of their hobby, however meagre it may be. That is the assessment that you have to make. Whther you love your hobby enough to live that sort of life. If not, then follow your advice.
1	I'll just say that I totally agree with the premise of your post.  Sad to say though, I actually don't mind this direction.   It's really hard to create a long lasting meta with a game constantly changing.  You bring up chess as an example, but have the rules of chess changed since 1xxx BC or whenever it was made?  No.  The rules of chess are set in stone forever.  The powers of the pieces are defined and will never change.  So it's easier to create metas because you're not constantly wondering if the next day the king gets to move 5 spaces at a time or knights can't jump over pawns or some weird rules like that.   This is rather unlike League.  One day Gragas is OP, next he's dead, now he's OP again, and now they're looking at nerfing him again.  Because there's a balance team at work, that means a meta that could work one day might not work the next.  Remember when Targon's used to be able to proc the execute on all auto attacks instead of just melee?  People were actually running duo top and double Relic Shield starts because that's how strong it was.  After they nerfed it, that's no longer an option anymore.   Because there's a balance team, people will usually go to the default meta, the 1-1-2 lanes.  It has been tried and tested throughout the ages of MOBAs and it will be here to stay.  People are too scared to innovate because it requires team coordination to innovate.  But thanks to the toxic community, true team coordination is next to impossible.  "Whut?  Double jungle?  Report!"  "Morgana ADC?  Report!"  "Urgot?  I'm feeding!"  It's the community preventing innovation.  Riot has no choice but to answer the calls of the majority who want the 1-1-2 lanes.   But the key is "team coordination".  You notice how smoothly LCS teams can run 2-1-1 or 4v0 or top/jungler duo roam?  Because they're a TEAM.  They don't mind running these strategies because they're all on the same page.  This is different from 5 strangers sitting behind a screen not verbally communicating instinctive intentions.   Team Builder has begun to alleviate some of these problems, but it doesn't work quite as intended yet.   So my thoughts
1	First and foremost, I do not mean to sound condescending. However, I simply do not believe you when you imply that you are playing above your current ELO and that your teammates are bringing you down. If, for example, you are wrecking top and your Karthus is getting humbled mid then why should it not fall on you to roam mid and gank to push Karthus a long a bit more? Yes, he will probably not be carrying the game, however your assistance in his lane will pull him a little farther away from the 'OMGOMGULOSTTHEGAMEUSUCKSCUMBAG' category. And, if you're not doing your part in taking pressure off of his lane by making the enemy jungler stay near top, thus making mid less susceptible to ganks or you're not roaming enough to help him get some kills then are you REALLY playing as well as you think?
1	A couple of months ago, servers were laggy as hell and the enemy rumble disconnected. When he reconnected, I offered to leave lane while he farmed up the difference (I was 4 levels ahead of him). After a few random disconnects, we realized the server was buggy, and started doing random stuff like spam /laugh at dragon pit. Our vayne and their gangplank were farming back to back and roleplaying as a couple persecuted by the league. Ironically enough, our tryhard leesin would go kill the gangplank whenever he could.
0	It's not worth $40M yet. The price of the renovation is targeted to be $40M.
1	It's nice to see riot are trying new things but shouty black guy's
1	There is no such thing as 'Elo Hell'. Anyone believing this is stuck because their skill-level isn't as high as they think. If that Lee can carry the game single handedly, so can anyone else. You cannot say that ranked is terrible or your teammates will feed all the time after only 1 game. If everybody would quit ranked after 1 loss, nobody would be playing anymore.
1	After spending over 200 games in silver, I've realized that you must be only self-reliant, and that you shouldn't expect your teammates to carry you. This way, you know for certain the extent of your powers, and that the only thing that's stopping you from winning is how well you perform yourself. Granted, there will be situations where you aren't placed in a carry role (i.e. tanky initiator jungle/support); in that case, focus on peeling for your own carry. I'd say that keeping your carries alive is more important than diving their own carries, as again, I've seen plenty of cases of my team diving enemy back lines, failing to kill their carries, dying, and leaving our carries unprotected the whole time.
0	Engineer in his 40s here.  20 years after college, nobody cares what you studied or even, in most cases, that you completed a four year degree.   The first few years with a non-technical degree might yield lower earnings, but I have plenty of friends who are doing just fine after majoring in fields that weren't in high demand.   In a lot of cases, the found something tangential to their major and turned it into a career.  Theater major running a theater, chef becoming a concierge, English major editing textbooks, etc.
0	So this post is about people knowing they are ruining something and then blaming it on someone else? Yeah sounds about right. If you don't like the price take it to a laundry mat. That price is probably that high because students kept ruining washing machines and bitching that it costs $2 so now it's $6.50 so they can buy new washers after you ruin them.
1	Because it's his birthday... xD   Dyrus might not be the best of the best of the best, but he is such a likeable person, and we love cheering for him. And yeah, there is a huge difference in how he play on his stream and how he play on competitive events :-)   Btw.. Still waiting for the book "How to get carried 1o1 by Dr. Dyrus" :D   Dyrus and Snoopeh would be my favourite to watch at own3d.tv   PS: Why is it some Americans think it's night everywhere at the same time? I know for a fact Dyrus is very popular amongst my Danish friends, and often he streams at reasonable hours here.
1	I am not sure why you are being downvoted, you speak the truth about a few things, although possibly a bit naive on MLG not focusing on money.   I am closing in on almost a decade of watching MLG events, as I have been watching since the Halo 2 days. I can honestly say that I haven't seen MLG slide back once in that entire time. Now I obviously haven't seen EVERY event, and  have  seen them make mistakes, but it is very rare that those mistakes occur more than once and if they do it is out of their control (e.g. Venue promises its' bandwidth can hold a certain load and fails to do so).   I am rather surprised that IPL slid back so drastically this tournament. It almost feels like they tried to take a lot of shortcuts this tournament I am assuming because they haven't met their profit margin goals or something of the sort.   All that being said, I am never against giving these companies the benefit of the doubt as I understand the extreme difficulty of live events and I really appreciate what they have been doing. There would be no eSports without the "Major League" events like MLG, IPL, Dreamhack, etc.   Hopefully IPL can learn from their mistakes and really pull it together for their next tournament. The biggest tragedy that can occur from these situations is when nothing is taken away from it, nothing is learned, and then nothing gets applied to future events.
0	Ex-mo here. Mormonism is very much a religion of lifestyle and ritual. You not only go to church for 3 hours every Sunday, but you accept unpaid assignments such as Sunday school teacher, bishop, Nursery teacher, clerk, etc. You follow a strict "health" code - no coffee, tea, tobacco, alcohol, recreational drugs, dress code - must have sleeves, no low cut shirts, shorts/skirts to the knee, no unusual hair styles, no body piercings other than one hole in each ear for women, no tattoos. Of course there's no sexual activity of any kind before marriage, in fact many are taught to suppress even sexual thoughts or anything that makes you feel aroused. No swearing. Women and men are expected to fill traditional gender roles and support traditional gender roles in society. Marry a Mormon and make lots of Mormon babies. Go to the temple often and perform spiritual rituals. Pay 10% of your income to the church. Do lots of community service. Mormonism has an entire culture and mindset and education system that totally shape the mind and life of a person in it. If you're dedicated to it then it dictates every aspect of your life and identity, and it teaches that if you don't follow all the rules and do all the things, you need to or God will be disappointed in you. Sorry for wall of text, on my phone
1	Normals are for tryhards who can't deal with the pressure of ranked or drunk/high guys who couldn't care less.   Bots of for people afraid of being harassed by the tryhards, and getting familiar with what skills do, eg. reading tooltips.   Ranked is for those comfortable with their play and want to chill out or are home to the guys completely and absolutely positive they should be diamond when they're getting caught out constantly because they have no map awareness.
0	Boy a lot of people have similar situations on here. Two girls who were a bit older than me and terribly mean. One was always trying to be better than me and out do me and she was 4 years older than me! They were in high school and I was still in middle school at the time. They were in the same class as a close friend of mine, pretty much my big sister, and she is a super smart and high achieving/hard working pretty girl. So these two girls are the type that just want everyone to be at their level and pick on my big sis a lot. To the point where they "clean out" her locker saying a teacher told them to clean all the lockers and threw away her important records (This is prior to computers being used for this so she lost everything she would need for some national honors she had been working on for 3 years).   SO one girl is driving her big ass pickup and plows into a power poll on a country road and dies. Right after the shit they did to my big sis. Other girl is devastated. But did she change her ways? No! Everyone still mourns this girl nearly 10 years later. My big sis went on to bigger better things, has a great job, same for me. The girl and I volunteer in the same youth organization and all she does is argue with me at board meetings. Like you bring up an idea or make and announcement and she sits there looking all sulky and starts bitching. Sometimes I wish she had also been in that truck.......   But then another girl who the same group plus others bullied from elementary school forward committed suicide junior year (she was younger than them also and a year older than me) and all they do is say oh you left us too early, why would you do this? and talk about what a profound event this was in their lives. But they don't get that they pushed her to it and now they act like they were her best friends and she devastated them... and this was when myspace was pretty new so cyber bullying really hadn't caught on yet, imagine if what it would be like now.
1	Winning typically cures most losing streaks.   On a more serious non-smartass note, what helped me get out of a 15 game losing streak was playing to win, not to lose. Seriously, this sounds dumb, but it got to the point where I was joining a game and playing as if the game was already lost. I didn't do terribly, but I was almost hoping for my team to feed so that I could continue to complain about how bad Silver league players are. Just changing your attitude and playing like you are the boss makes a huge difference.
0	I'm not advocating the enabling of self destructive behavior. I'm just saying holy shit. If someone's fat, and they have no medical or other extenuating circumstances, chances are they are being self destructive; which means they probably already hate themselves or certain aspects or parts of themselves at least... so why the fuck would you wanna tear them down even more?   If I see a guy get mugged on the street I don't run up and help the muggers kick him in the fuckin ribs. I call emergency services and run up to make sure he's okay when the people who might have knives, guns, and or just be able to beat me to death, have all left the premises.
0	I realize you're probably not looking for advice, but this is the internet. So I'm going to give it to you anyway.   Let's begin with my credentials: I am a male, and a masturbator of 13 years; more than half my life now. During a more flexible period of my life, while fully erect I could put the head of my penis into my own mouth.  Regrettably I was not nearly experienced enough at the time to enjoy it.   Here's a bit of masturbating theory: The best orgasms are reached by imitating an ideal vagina.  So lets think about it.  What are vaginas like?  Warm.  Wet--but not like watery wetness--water tends to wash away oils that make it nice and slippery.  Kind of tight, but evenly so, and not like a strangle hold.   Textured  bumpy as shit.   And here's a list of factors that might affect your orgasm   General wellbeing   Diet  What have you eaten today?  Do you have to shit?  Do you constantly have to shit?  Are you feeling bloated?  Masturbating and then immediately taking a shit is not nearly as glorious as it sounds.   Exercise   Fapping is a full body experience.  The hormones secreted don't affect only your penis, so take cues from the rest of your body as well.  Even if it's just, "My arm is getting sore and my legs have fallen asleep."  Personally I admit that I'm into really athletic orgasms.  When I am about to come, I flex everything I possibly can.  Lately I've taken to masturbating while standing up and I come on point like a god damn ballerina.  The most awesome sex I have ever had involved arching my back into a full body bridge supporting my partner completely off the mattress.   Sleep   It is possible to be too tired to masturbate.  One time, I fell asleep with my dick in my hand.   Physical Conditions   Temperature  This should be fairly self explanetory, so I'll be brief.  Not because I don't think you need to be informed on the topic, but because I don't have any awesome stories to share.   Texture  Pay attention to what works for you.  How can you change the texture of your hand?  I have tried all kinds of shit; latex and rubber gloves, silk, cotton,  rags, socks, cardboard, my hand after having sanded it with 600 grit paper. Anyway, skin seems to work best for me.   Humidity  Yes. Humidity, even more than temperature affects how much you sweat.  It doesn't take a lot to make your palms or shaft sweat, and when you start to sweat, you change the coefficient of friction.  You change the sliding factor.  Your skin starts to stick to your skin and it just isn't pleasurable.   Lube   Water isn't the greatest lube. Oils and oil based products work well, but are often expensive and look very conspicuous in the bathroom.  Other shower products like body soap or conditioner also work, but beware of getting them in your dick slit.   You thought getting shampoo in your eyes was bad? That's cute.   No discussion on Masturbation can be complete without a note on stimulation;  It is important to devote a certain amount of time and energy to figuring out where your greatest concentration of nerve endings are.  Once I figured out that I had an enormous quantity on the top of my penis, just behind the head, I rubbed that spot exclusively and came very quickly.  But they weren't the highest quality orgasms, and I found myself bored, and masturbating as a chore.  So devote a bit more thought.  There are nerves at the base of your penis that would only get stimulated if you were up to your balls.  And in fact, a light sliding touch across the entire length to simulate deep thrusting is the most time consuming and arousing thing I have discovered I can do to myself.   Consider also when was the last time you had sex or masturbated.  From an evolutionary standpoint, the best thing you can do, second only to eating (and even that is debatable) is to empty your testicles.  But first, you need them to be full.  Average men take about 4 days to reach maximum sperm capacity, and we don't shoot all in one load.  If cave men are to impregnate many women, we cant afford that.  But if you're having sex three or four times a week, you may never reach maximum capacity.   My advice is this:  Prepare.   Take a few days to sleep well.  Eat food high in fiber to clear your colon.  Exercise enough to be energetic when the time comes, but not so much that you're sore and stiff.
1	I'm just going to throw this out there: I'm graduating this May with a degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of [insert state here] (reputable engineering department) and I play a lot of video games. Like a shit ton of video games. You don't have to give up college to pursue a gaming career. Sure, towards the end, you'll have to make a choice. However, until you get to that point, you can still go to college and be successful.
1	The difference is Oceleote admits that his oponents outplayed him while Chauster believes the only reason for the loss was not because the other teams were better but just because they didn't put in any effort. As much as I like CLG people often misinterpret Chauster speaking whatever is on his mind as the truth when in reality is still biased he is just blunt.
0	No its not that. Its the condescending pretentious ass attitude everyone has. The attitude you just displayed now, as well as in your previous post. We know only one side of this story yet you are 100% sure this kid is an asshole. I, on the other hand, am merely proposing he might have had other factors affecting his decision that were not taking into account.
1	I have the solution. Please don't tell Riot about this(I don't want them to steal my multi-billion dollar idea). For the last two years I've been working on a solution to make the in- game chat less toxic. I've developed an in-game button called the 'ignore' button. It is not hard to use, if someone is toxic, you press TAB then search for the 'ignore' button next to their name. If you press it then you won't see what horrible things they want to say to you. Sounds awesome right? (it is still in development so you might notice some bugs) I'm also thinking about a way to 'report' these toxic players, so a system (I was thinking about a system called the 'Tribunal') can punish them.
0	i was the same, 22 now and i go alright with girls. Once i started going out a bit i found it didn't take much effort to pick up girls, and it just got easier and easier as i realised more and more that some girls are actually attracted to me. I don't go out with the desperate intention of picking up, it's more like if it happens it's a bonus. but it happens fairly frequently. at 19 i think i'd kissed about 4 girls. 3 and a half years later that number is probably in triple digits now. still never had a girlfriend, but that's because i shit bricks and run whenever things get remotely close to being a relationship.
1	Just for your information considering future announcements like this:     give details, not just lines like  >I've completed some levels in it, without going fully ham on the details and gfx yet, and there's still alot of coding to do to, but yea     you are talking about a pretty big software project, so people are interested in technologies you are using. You can link your GitHub repository for example.     it is usually not very wise to post in such an early stage of your "idea". It feels like you are just a dude who wants to be in the spotlight. Complete a few minutes of playable content, create a small website where people can try it and afterwards you should post here.
1	Look into Soraka if you want a true healer. As someone who mains Sona, I can honestly say her heal is somewhat close to a joke. It costs a large amount of mana early, and doesn't heal that well. Sona is VERY strong at long, sustained trades however. If your adc and you keep having skirmishes with the enemy, you'll outlast them no problem. Sona is VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY weak to being engaged on, as her only CC is her E powerchord (Which you typically don't get a point in E until level 4 or 8), or her ultimate. You're either gambling your life with a powerchord, or burning your ultimate just to save your life. Soraka has an AoE silence, which turns into a root if they stay in it at the end. You throw that puddle down and walk away like nothing happened. Nami's E is basically 3 Sona's E powerchords, except applicable on ANY ally, and Nami has her bubbles as well for disengage, counter-engage, or just straight engage if you're good enough. The other main difference is that Sona's heal is not targetted, and I've had cases where it would top of my 90% hp ally instead of healing the 20% one, whereas Nami and Soraka are able to target their heals.
0	That's pretty normal. I'm active in what you might call the 'alternative sexuality' subculture and wanting to be friends with who you fuck is a non-gendered recurrent theme.   I also wouldn't listen to others saying that "You're a girl, therefore it should be easy!" No one else can tell you what your experience is like, you happen to be the world expert on knowing what it's like to be you, after all! :P   All I'm saying is if it's tricky for you, don't let others invalidate your struggles simply because they can't believe it.   And you're not alone! I have a female friend who subconsciously avoided sex for over a decade. She woke up one day, realised what she'd unintentionally done and decided to make a conscious change.   Now she works as a prostitute and gets all the sex she wants without having to stress about whether or not someone is actually flirting with her or just being nice! :D
0	Aww. Look how emotional the little liberal is that he feels the need to down vote my comments. How cute.   >Firstly just because criminals are able to get something doesn't mean you're letting them.  It's not like you're making a law with a clause "except for criminals."   You can't stop them.   >Secondly, you seem to be unaware of all the "law abiding citizens" who buy guns, and then who end up shooting someone, thus becoming a criminal.   You make it sound like the guns bought legally are the problem. You have no idea how small the percentage is of all legally purchased guns that are used to kill people.  Most people who own guns legally never use them to harm others.   >Finally, you seem to be implying that ordinary people owning guns somehow stops criminals from doing anything bad with them.  It doesn't.   Actually, it does. Remember that ordinary gun owners aren't killing anyone. Also remember that they have the legal right to own guns. You lose here on every point.   >So I'll rewrite your statement thusly: "Lets restrict people from buying guns so that only those who are willing to buy from black market sources have guns."   Sounds like a great idea. Lets round up all legally owned guns and rob citizens of their rights. This way only the bad guys have guns.   >Still not great, but certainly much better than the current situation of:   >"Lets just let everyone have all the guns they want, for any bullshit reason."   What's wrong with that?  Did you know that owning a gun hurts no one?  I could own 1,000 guns and that would have no effect on anyone else. Remember, I have the right to bear arms. The people who use guns harm others are already illegally purchasing their guns.
1	not too long ago a friend of mine quit lol and gave me his acc. it was bronze 2. my main is currently gold 5 so im not that good of a player. all i can say to you is that u need to able to play midlane. from my POV mid is the lane that will help u to snowball the game the hardest. i've played panth mid most of my games and had lots of succes. that acc is currenly silver 2 i think, i was able to get out of bronze in a few days just by playing singed and panth. u need to snowball games. u need to literally carry 1v5. otherwise u relly on ur team mates. pick hyper carrys as ryze, vayne, singed, panth or riven and bitchslap other players. edit:sry 4 my english.
0	Yeah, but that would still make him a 'fucking idiot' that is trying  not  to be a fucking idiot anymore. I'll take someone legitimately curious over something I find obvious a thousand times over someone who tries to pretend to know what they're talking about.
1	Honestly I don't even like Monte but he has some valid points. He obviously was actually coaching, he was just a bad one. Anyone who belives Reginald is retarded, it doesn't even make sense from CLG's perspective. Why pay and associate a guy and let him leach glory and attention when he's not even helping? Monte benefited by being associated with CLG not the other way around...
1	I've gone through this myself, twice now actually. I started playing about two years ago for the first time. After awhile I grew tired with the game and took a break. Then I came back, and after awhile, took yet again another break. I've only come back to league recently (within the last two months).   If the game loses interest there isn't anything you can really do. Maybe try new champions, new game modes, or playing with friends. If none of these do the trick then just stop playing and try out new games. That's what I ended up doing. Eventually those games will lose their hook and as I have you'll probably be drawn back to league.
1	Game modes are fun to speculate over, but just because the thought it fun doesn't make it a good idea. Riot has been making a great effort to expand their brand and improve the eSports scene while trying to manage balance changes and adapt to a meta created by their users. They constantly need to be working on such things to maintain credibility and further their cause. Creating all these game modes that people like to talk about is very-nearly a complete waste of time. They've done it more than once, and each time the modes lose popularity very quickly when people get over the gimmicky nature they inherently possess (or sometimes they stop playing because they realize Riot is less focused on content for extra game modes and actually doing their job).
1	There is not "0 counterplay" because QSS exists and Pre-loaded stuns exist (looking at team fights), but that is very little counterplay.   Also, I did say the silence was excessive, so I'm not against him losing his silence in any sort.  I only believe that Riot's current idea of how to change the silence isn't the way to go.  I believe this because Talon is REALLY squishy and at his worst pre-6, so at any point pre-6 he can be ganked constantly and his only choice is to fall behind because he has no escape or stun (so he either dies to the gank or stays back to the point he's handing his opponent the lane).  The problem with staying back is that, as any Talon player knows, when Talon falls behind, it hard to come back (such is the nature of most assassins).  I just think that Talon's change should be something that will allow him to have escape (nothing major, like the ability to use his e on allied minions, wards, champs, etc. would suffice).
1	I dont understand why the LP system and MMR are seperated. It's like it grades you in 2 different ways, so you don't know which one to follow.   I think the current system is nice in its base, but it should follow the Elo system in the way that theres no hidden MMR that determines how many points you win/lose. This in effect means that you always play against people around your  Division  instead of your  MMR .   This could be done by integrating something like a hidden streak system, which is at base 0 (like currently if your MMR = Division). If you go on a winning streak, you get more points per win, if you're on a losing streak, you get less points per win until you bring it back to 0 (it shouldn't have an upper and lower limit, as to avoid 0/100LP per game of course)   This way, whatever league you're in represents where you actually are, and is not just some very inaccurate representation of MMR, which is your actual level, but hidden.   If this is not clear, let me give you an examplw with the current system vs my suggestion:   Current:   You're Bronze 1, Silver 1 MMR, Promo to Silver. You win 2 and purposely dodge 3. Your MMR is now Gold, but you're still Bronze. And you can keep doing this to have a Challenger MMR Bronze account.   My Suggestion (streak system):   *To explain this better I have to give a more definite example of the streak system. Let's say it goes from -10 to +10, and you gain/lose +-1 per game. You get +-20LP with a streak of 0, and an extra 1 per streak point (If it's -4 you now get 16LP for a win, and lose 24LP for a loss).  This is just a very bad example of it to explain it easier   You're in Bronze 1. You're on streak level +10. You're also in your promo to Silver 5. You win 2 (since +10 is the limit of streak level, you stay there, and purposely dodge 3. You now are at streak level +7, and you're still Bronze 1, and still play against high Bronze/low Silver players until you get out, even if you do this over and over.   To implement this, either players in a division 5 will stay there like it is now, and keep playing vs peope fom or around that divison  OR  you can drop (demotion series?).
0	WTF do you think "write off" means?  Fine, he gets to reduce the expense to 75% (with a 25% marginal tax rate, after all other deductions), that's still paying 75% out of potential profit
0	It's not my story but, here:   A friend's friend, the trench coat, artsy introvert type dies from some disease he was too young to have during his senior year after a long battle. The school did nothing. The football jock dies in a car accident (it was assumed there was alcohol involved) and they canceled classes and made everyone in the school attend grief counseling--including my friend who was pissed as hell they did nothing for his friend. At the end of the school year, they made repeated announcements from the main office that my pal's pal needed to come down and pick up his yearbook. The school didn't even communicate the kid's death.
1	Why shouldn't you lose LP if you LOSE? Just because YOU don't want to surrender, 4 people were done and when 4 people are absolutely done and won't play anymore, that's it. You're the fifth who doesn't want? So if you're 5/40 in teamscore, and you just vote no.... Congratulations! No LP loss right? Pressing no in a surrender vote would never be a reason to not lose LP for a game that 4 people deem lost. Take your LP loss and carry harder next game, improve your individual skills!
1	I skipped Bronze, got placed directly into Silver 2. I just got promoted to Gold 5 (oh god, HELP ME!). The trick to getting through the upper part of Silver, is to be calm.   Expect people to do crazy stuff. Every Silver 2 and 1 player thinks they're Diamond material, so they try to make sick plays 24/7. Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.   You  have to be the deciding factor. When your team tries to make sick plays, do everything that's in your power to make sure they get out of it alive. As Nasus, Wither and a Q to the face is usually enough to scare the enemy away or just flat out kill them.   Good thing about upper Silver, is that people usually pay attention to pings and chat (only short messages though. No long words either, but stay understandable). Use this to your advantage. When people start to get ahead and snowball, they tend to get very aggressive and reckless. Use pings and chat to keep your team grouped up, and spam that retreat-ping when they overextend in a bad position.
0	I tried that a couple years ago and had to go back to the "traditional" method after I nearly got in an accident.   Turns out that it's way more useful for the side mirror to let you see down the lane next to you. For example, if the yellow car in your diagram is a semi truck which is blocking the green car from your rear-view entirely.   You can always glance over to check your blind spot (and please, god, don't stop checking your blind spot just because you point your side-view mirrors weird) but it turns out you can't see more than 20 feet behind you in the neighboring lane without your side-views in the traditional arrangement. And that's important when changing lanes during highway rush hour with large lane speed differentials and a bus on your ass.
1	Thanks. On a whim I tried one last time to get my original script to work before trying SavantCast. Turns out it wasn't working because I chose shift + q as the keybind. Apparently activating an item/spell and then shift clicking a target does nothing.
1	As a mid-high gold player (gold 2) I can confirm you are most definitely not even low gold level if you can't carry bronze. A low/mid silver level player can hard carry 60-70% of bronze games and thats enough to get out of bronze in a few days.
1	Mid :  Master Yi (Noobs don't get how he gets the reset)   Jungle :  Maokai (Noobs can't be snared or they die)   Top :  Shen (Noobs can't play against global) (Maybe Darius too)   ADC :  Caitlyn (meh, obvious poke)   Support :  Lulu maxing E and grabbing full APC masteries and runes and some early MagicPen (Die to poke, because noobs can't play against poke)   As a Plat II player helping friends on a daily basis (and Ex-booster), this is the secret. I main jungle tho, so I get to play other junglers like Hecarim, Vi and Xin zhao who does a wonderful job carrying scrubs up to mid gold.
0	Whilst I appreciate that it's different strokes for different folks and all that. At the end of the day, the only thing you really ever possess, from the cradle to the grave, fully and without question, is your own body. Because of this, I believe we owe it to ourselves to explore the boundaries of what that body finds pleasurable. I've made a lot of discoveries with my wife about what turns us both on and we are closer and stronger for it.   My recommendation to you, and anybody else reading this, is to not be afraid of the unknown. Take a chance, give it a try. You may not like it but at least then you'll know. But... you might just add some physical and emotional pleasure into this harsh, relentlessly tough existence that we lead, that you might never have known otherwise.
1	I play Thresh all the time for support (as I saw you do from lolking) and from my perspective he is extremely overpowered and can carry your bot lane and the game. I usually build him extremely tanky as his dps is ridiculous for a support so you need to be alive to do this and you want to be that wall for your adc as well as the initiate if needed. First off start with 3 greens and one pink and 5 health pots (so you can harass and sustain). Win the ward war bot lane do not let your adc die to a gank that is your job as a support. Also initiate hard if you can win (lvl 2 thresh is stupid good). I almost always initiate get really low and flash out to bait first blood for my adc. Once you get ahead you can snowball this lane. If you have ult use it well it can win a 2v2 you were losing. Also make sure you are getting your adc exp before lane. Double golems on blue side on purple side ask jungler to start blue and take wolves. This will help win lane as well. Late game initiate if you can get a good pull then peel for adc. If you are initiated on just peel and use box. You can easily win games by playing this way. As far as items I rush ruby crystal on first back then sightstone and start working on locket right after. Don't buy boots early I dont buy them till mid game. Rely on your initiates for gold from the kills I hardly ever get philo unless building shurelyias (dont get most the time). Let your adc know you are going to be aggressive. Follow these tips and watch your rating soar with Thresh.
1	The system tries to put you where it thinks you belong.   Two absurd examples. Your actual elo is 100. You somehow get placed into Gold V. You can't get promoted from Gold V to Gold IV until your elo gets up to about 1550 or so - so the game gives you potato for LP until your elo catches up. You'll probably get 1-2 LP per win and lose many times more per loss until your elo catches up.   Second example, your actual elo is 2000 and you get placed into Gold V. The opposite happens; system knows you should probably be higher than Gold V, it's very confident of it, so every time you win you get huge amounts of LP - 30-40 or so per win. You happen to lose a game; the system still thinks you're lower than you should be, and it's trying to get you to where you need to be, so it doesn't take many LP from you for the loss. You lose and only lose 2-5 ish LP.
1	Highly mobile or tanky bot lane comps generally work well against kill lanes, so you want a combination of some of these champions:   For supports:     Nunu (tankiness and increased ms, allowing for better positioning.)     Alistar (tankiness and a good disengage. Punting the enemy AD carry away will negate most of the kill lane's damage, while allowing your AD carry to run away. This might turn into a dangerous situation for the Alistar though, if they decide to turn on him.)     Leona (against something like a Blitzcrank, the best defense would be 1. make sure he doesn't want to grab at least one of you, or 2. jump on the enemy AD carry when Blitz engages. If you manage to time this right, your AD will take a lot of damage from the engage, but ultimately come out on top.)     Janna (against champions relying on a dash to get in range like Leona, Alistar, Corki, and Graves, a well timed Janna tornado can stop them mid-dash, leaving them with their engage on cooldown without much to show for it. If you manage to live through the early few levels, your shield along with your other CC should allow your AD carry to live when he does get caught. He'll probably have to back still, but at least he didn't die.)       As for AD carries:     Graves (his innate tankiness along with his dash and smokescreen for disengage make him a good choice against bursty lane comps. He can also farm very safely and clear waves quickly if he feels he needs to go back.)     Ezreal (if an Alistar, Leona, or Blitzcrank manages to initiate on you, there's a window of opportunity for you to blink out. If your support has additional means of disengaging a fight, you should be able to create enough distance to walk out relatively unharmed. His ability to poke can keep some supports at bay early on, allowing you to farm up a level or two in relative safety.)     Urgot (innate tankiness and massive amounts of poke. He doesn't have any escapes though, so you should be careful during the early levels, as you might get locked in place and killed anyway. Positioning is key.)       If, for whatever reason, you picked a squishy lane without too many escapes/disengages and the enemy countered you with a kill lane, keep the lane brush warded, keep jungle paths warded, play like a little pussy and mainly farm under turret. Be careful of jungle presence, as kill lanes are generally quite tanky and can three-man dive you fairly early on.   Poke at level 1. Like, A LOT. Most kill lane supports and carries get their combo together at level 2. If you can manage to get their hp down low enough, they can't profitably engage, allowing you to make it to level 3 or maybe even 4 before their health is high enough and the lane is in a position to allow them to go in. This works especially well against Leona and to a lesser extent, Blitzcrank and Alistar. Leona because she has no way of closing distance besides flash at level 1, she doesn't have her shield, and she doesn't have any form of sustain, so harass sticks longer. Alistar can heal himself up from as early as level 2, but this delays his combo for another level, so good for you. Blitz is slightly more risky, as he can still pull you and allow his lane to do a lot of damage, so poke smart, not hard.
1	The one champion I can profess loving is Malphite. I know that he is not the greatest tank or anything but most people simply don't expect the kind of playstyle he presents. I play my Malphite on the edge of my seat constantly initiating team fights, as well as making sure all my abilities are utilized every fight. I don't save for last hitting, but I don't hold back to chance someone escaping either.   Some people call it kill stealing when I come from side jungle to shard an almost dead enemy that just successfully flashed away from my team. I call that shutting them down. A lot of my gameplay wreaks psychological warfare on the enemy team. I harass hard and often early and mid game so people end up running from me mid and late game despite the fact I have not nearly as much DPS as they do.   I love playing all the champions equally, but for some reason Malphite just clicks with me when I play him. I know how and when to push versus pulling back and baiting for the rest of my team, only to ult back in and stunlock them for our alpha strike.   Finally, his passive. So many times his passive has saved me from silly things. Face checking brush, when a Shaco dagger comes flying out of nowhere? That's alright....my passive tanks it for me, no HP lost!
1	you are so stupid doublelift, awareness is single biggest thing you need in this game. You keep thinking you are better or on par with other ADC because you keep up in CS or play better mechanically. But you are actually contributing less to the team if you don't know what is going on around the map.Being aware of whats going on in the map and feeding your team that information is what wins you games. You have been outperformed by other ad carry's in that regard. Maybe try playing dota a little and it might improve your map awareness.
0	So naturally I was mid way through composing this masterpiece of a story when my boyfriend woke up and then accidentally hit my power button causing everything to vanish. Fuck me right? Anyway here we go again:   The back story:   So my freshman year of high school I dated this guy because we both liked the band Porcupine Tree. We realized quickly that Porcupine Tree was not enough to base an entire relationship off of and decided to just be friends instead rather quickly. Being that we were still teenagers though we decided that boning would be a good idea and we did that and then I lost all interest.   Years pass and I become a senior in high school. At this point my friend has been dating this girl for a little bit and I have just begun a relationship with someone else that is going pretty well. I don't think much of this girl, she maybe wore a little too much foundation but whatever man. Over the years my friend has been acting more and more like a raging asshole with behaviors including but not limited to, flirting with every hot girl he comes into contact with no matter who he's dating, and being weird about his ex girlfriends dating other people.   This is where the problem starts because he decides one day that it would be a fantastic fucking idea to send me a nude picture with some not-so-subtle flirting. I told his girlfriend immediately over facebook. I was furious that he would do something like that. So we go back and forth a little and I apologize for what happened and then we don't talk after that and I don't hear from my friend because he is so mad at me for ratting him out.   Where things start getting weird:   Months and months pass and I haven't heard from my friend. This is fine with me but then I start hearing strange things about this girl from mutual friends. She keeps picking fights with my friend Jack and his wife over weird shit like Jacks wife warning her that she shouldn't charge people for hair cuts because that is illegal in our state without a license and things like that.   This is also when I get the message from my friend. I log into facebook one day and have the message from him that I mentioned in my above post. We talked back and forth a little but I didn't really have anything nice to say to him so it ended pretty quickly.   Where shit hits the fan:   A few more months pass and I get a message from Jack who is absolutely furious. The girlfriend had logged into our friends facebook and unfriended Jack and his wife from his account. When Jack talked to our friend about it he was really weird and uncaring about the whole thing and Jack sent the girl a message telling her how upset he was that she would do that when he had been friends with Jack for so long.   This girl then responds with the most long winded expression of crazy I have seen in my entire life including such great quotes as, "Pretty much ALL the REAL ADULTS I know don't have friends anymore, they just have co-workers" " You're like a snobby child whining about a toy that was taken from them when they have MILLIONS of other toys and toys are NOT something to cause a drama scene over. So YOU grow up. Imbecile." "Guess what? I'm doing great! WOAH, CRAZY! I have [friend], and I love that man like no other. I would do ANYTHING for him, protect him and love him by any means neccessary."   It has been about three years since the incident. Jack and our friend are still buddies because I guess the friend ignored the GFs attempt to separate them. Last I heard the friend and the girl were still together but it's been a long time since Jack and I have talked about them so I have no idea! Even though I'm not actually friends with the dude anymore I still feel really bad for him. I just wonder if the girl was always like that or if she snapped when he got flirty with another woman one to many times.
0	That would rob middle class individuals who can't afford expensive accountants of small inheritances that would allow them to do things like pay for college, while those who can afford financial services would use creative accounting to give their money to who they want anyway. All this would cause would be more wealth inequality, and a bunch of formerly rich people dying flat broke.
1	you are mixing up something. the flame for twitch was all about their stream quality - their stream lags/framedrops. twitch got a lot better now, but sometimes the good old problems seem to appear again.   the hatred concerning own3d started a long long time ago - i guess right when TSM switched to twitch. own3d has been paying their streamers with some huge delay.
1	Yeah i used to play SC2 which is basically 100% what they based the new leagues off of and they seem to have forgotten that in the SC2 ladder system the more games you played in a season generally the likelihood of you being demoted ( or promoted) goes down.  The more games you played the more concurrent losses it took to be demoted, however since as your elo rises you were matched against roughly the same elo players( elo is also hidden in SC2 from players) if you were to hold even just a 51% winratio for a significant time, chances are you are playing against players in a higher league and will be promoted.  The higher you winrate the higher the likelyhood you will be promoted.
1	People are looking passed the advantages of the other supports. Yes Thresh by far offers the most utility for any support but lets look at the others. Leona has 3 cc abilities, 1 of which is aoe. Annie brings more damage and also has an aoe stun. Morgana brings strong single target cc and a very strong shield which can block spell effects. And i'm not mentioning any of the sustain supports or high shields like lulu.
1	I agree. I was convinced top lane was where I belonged, but since I am always the last one to join the lobby top is always taken and I would have to call the next beat thing, ADC. So here I am today, I own every ADC this glorious game holds and I am slowly carrying myself out of elo hell. Being in the back melting health bars always appealed to me but I was never good so I got good.
1	I disagree with your point about Mercurial Scimitar, standard marksman build is boots, shiv/pd, bt/bork, whisper, inf edge + defensive, defensive being Banshee's Veil, Guardian Angel or Mercurial Scimitar rarely. Banshee's Veil isn't really too great against Zed unless you can't get someone on your team to pop it, I'll give you that (although the extra health does help) but I'd definitely argue that seeing more Merc Scimitar than GA on marksmen is better for Zed. If you run a build with crit chance then you can assassinate someone without necessarily needing the Death Mark to pop so their cleanse is useless and they're generally less resistant to you if they go Merc over GA since they have no bonus armour.   Basically, it's easier for you to chunk/kill someone who has Merc than it is to chunk/kill someone who has GA if you don't count the second activation of Death Mark and it goes without saying that it's also easier for your team to kill someone with Merc than someone with GA if they've used their cleanse on your Death Mark.
1	Translation (Google translate, lel):   In #BGS2013 (Brazil Game Show 2013) @RiotIronStylus and ShadowMacuahui
0	where does it say this?? Not your verse...   1:27?   In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed shameful acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their error.   again, Bible condones gay sex (like every other types sex), never for loving another man. Even then the rest of the verse talks about other sins as well, it never isolated homosexuality as THE sin. Even the verse that talked about gay sex is in the same paragraph as unnatural sex. In the Bible, anything other than 1 to 1 penis to vagina is considered unnatural. so that includes hetero-anal   I checked out the whole ch.1 of Romans,
1	Typically jacked people eat a lot of food because you need to to be jacked. There's no point in lifting if you aren't going to eat right. It becomes habit to eat like that, so after injury or stopping working out people will quickly gain weight because that's the amount of food they're used to.
0	After posting a bunch of comments here, I decided to write this simple guide on DRC. Warning: Wall of text ahead.   What is dynamic range compression?     Dynamic range compression (DRC) is used to reduce the dynamic range of audio. This reduces the volume of louder sounds and increases the volume of quieter sounds to reduce the dynamic range. More info can be seen on the [Wikipedia page]( The different parameters for DRC are explained on [How-To Geek](   Why is DRC needed?     Most movie soundtracks are mixed for a large dynamic range in a big theater. Most home theaters have smaller speakers and are in smaller rooms, which results in a non-optimal acoustic setup. This can cause the dialogue of a movie to be difficult to hear and the explosions to shake your floor.   Software Support     XBMC     While you are playing a video, bring up the [OSD and select the audio menu](   In the audio menu, look for the setting ["Volume Amplification"]( - this adjusts how much the dynamic range of the audio is compressed     VLC     In VLC's menu bar, go to Tools > Effects and Filters, select the Audio Effects tab, then select [the Compressor tab](   Take a look at the comments from [this]( /r/LifeProTips post on what these values do, and how to change them   The How-To Geek link at the top of the page also has a good explanation of the different parameters for DRC     MPC-HC / MPC-BE   If you are using ReClock as your audio renderer (highly recommended):     When you are playing a video, go to the menu bar and select Play > Filters > ReClock Audio Renderer   Check the ["Enable sound compressor" box]( and select how strong you want the compressor to be   You may want to experiment with this option on movies with a high amount of dynamic range to find what works best for your setup     If you are using AC3Filter as your audio renderer:     Run the AC3Filter Config application (should've been installed with AC3Filter, located in Start menu)   Follow [this guide]( on the AC3Filter wiki to configure DRC     System-Wide (Windows 7 or higher)     Right click the volume icon in the system tray and select Playback Devices   Right click the device you use for audio output and select [Properties]( then go under Enhancements   Check the ["Loudness Equalization" box]( and make sure that the "Disable all enhancements" box isn't checked   You may want to edit the  Loudness Equalization Settings     Hardware Support     The Blu-ray spec supports three types of audio codecs: DTS (and its lossless counterpart, DTS-HD Master Audio), Dolby Digital (and its lossless counterpart, Dolby TrueHD), and LPCM (lossless, but uncompressed).   Most Blu-rays today use either DTS-HD MA (with a DTS core for backwards-compatibility) or Dolby TrueHD (with a Dolby Digital core for backwards-compatibility) because they can provide the lossless audio of LPCM while taking up much less space on a disc.   DTS recommends that studios disable any DRC when encoding a DTS/DTS-HD MA audio stream to preserve the full dynamic range of the audio. Also, DTS lacks any kind of metadata to store the DRC settings.   On the other hand, Dolby recommends that studios use DRC when encoding a Dolby TrueHD or Dolby Digital audio stream. However, this is stored as metadata (think of tags in an MP3 file). Some decoders in receivers/TVs/Blu-ray players always use this metadata, but there are some that ignore it or need it to be manually enabled.   If you have a surround sound setup, I would recommend first calibrating it properly. You might need to edit the levels for each of your speakers (see  here .   If you cannot do this or it doesn't help, check if your receiver or TV has a compressor option. Most newer receivers/TVs call this "Night Mode." Note that on some receivers, "Night Mode" only works for TrueHD/Dolby Digital audio streams with the DRC metadata.   If your system lacks a compressor or "Night Mode," and you cannot use the software solutions for whatever reasons, you may want to consider purchasing a new receiver or a dedicated compressor device.
0	I am not going to pretend I know the plight of impoverished African-Americans, because I don't. But I can tell you what my parents went through as first generation unskilled laborers who spoke no English.   They came to US with my grandparents right around the time Mao was [fucking shit up in China]( and the majority of Chinese were poor, hungry and ill-educated. My parents were denied a higher education - they never finished high school - something my mom in particular resents to this day. They were put to work and if you expressed your dissatisfaction with the Communist Party or Mao himself you would suffer the consequences. You know, the shit that China is famous for nowadays, the repression of dissent by the evil CCP.   Staying in China was seen as a dead end, so my grandparents went to the land of opportunity looking for a better life. But having no money, no skills and no grasp of the English language meant they had to work at low wages in Chinese restaurants. Anyone who's worked in the restaurant business can tell you about the long hours. Despite the long hours my grandfather made artisan kitchenware in his whatever time he had left. He was also very tight with his money. Legend has he wore two pairs of shoes in his lifetime. I've seen the last one, with repairs fashioned out of old tires.   So in ten years or so he has enough money to open his own restaurant with a business partner. Mind you he also had to support seven children. My parents were married at around that time and not long after my dad also had his own restaurant. I was born then, and I spent most of my childhood living  in  the restaurant. It also meant I had to help my parents out when I got back from school. They were also so busy (worked 16 hours a day, 365 days a year) that my siblings and I raised ourselves. I didn't have many luxuries when I was little, but I had a roof, food and clothes so I couldn't complain.   But we made it, in part because we couldn't just watch how hard my parents were working to give us a better life and just throw that away. We got thru college thanks to scolarships and financial aid, graduated and got good jobs. When my brother got married a few years ago, he thanked our parents for giving him the opportunity to accomplish what wanted (he's a doctor now and the first in our family to graduate college) and recounted what I just wrote here. I think that was the first time I've seen my dad shed a tear and my mom was practically wailing. Well, I went way off tangent. But we were far from privileged.
0	I always thought it was this way as well. Then, my uncle came to visit and told me that he is in therapy because my late grandmother used to dangle him off the balcony  la Michael Jackson. _ My mom had always painted their mom as having been so great when they were growing up.
0	Same! Same age, same situation, same result. It was esp. odd because most everyone was still kid-less at the time and went out whenever they wanted. Except that night, I guess.   I'm not the easiest person to get along with, and I'd set my expectations pretty low in advance, but was still a little disappointed. My wife asks every year if I want a party and it's an emphatic no. It's easier now though--the pool of invitees is down to about three.
0	Your stopping distance comparison focuses completely on one aspect of speed and blatantly overlooks many others.   Let's take this comparison to the extreme: Example highway where every driver but one is driving the same speed 30mph over the speed limit. Wow so unsafe. The one other driver has decided to minimize his stopping distance by sitting in the middle lane at 0mph. He sure if safe with that 0 foot stopping distance. Good job. Do you really believe he is less of a hazard than if he were driving the same speed as the other drivers, because the others are so scarily fast? I'm sure nobody will mind him stopped in the middle of the road.
0	While you seem to see porn as purely innocuous, like any dopamine-inducing activity it's inherently open to be abused.  While I truly believe you and your boyfriend can have a positive relationship towards pornography, many people become addicted to it and it causes real problems that affect relationships.  Again, this is not to say it affects everyone that way, but you seem to be missing the fact that people other than yourself might have a different relationship to it.  It's like saying, "am i the only one around here who doesn't care if her boyfriend smokes weed?"  Yeah maybe he doesn't have a problem with it but other people do.
0	Lol I know how you feel. I had double jaw surgery and it'll be 6 weeks this Thursday. I was banded completely shut for 4 weeks. Advanced to no-chew soft food diet last week and it's glorious. Everything looks and smells delicious when you can't eat it. I'm sure you know but jus make sure to pump the protein shakes and ensure in no matter how old it gets to drink. Good luck with whatever you have going on. Doublejawsurgery.com is a great blog with recipes and helps to know there are others who went through the same ordeal. It was tough the first 4 weeks but it was definitely worth it.
1	The fix that you're asking to be done on Targon's (reset the timer if you attack) pretty much means that during the majority of your lane phase, you would never be able to benefit from it.  It's just like Ashe's passive.  You'll never gain critical strike chance because the effect simply resets the stack timer every time you attack, which you normally would be doing while CSing and trading.   In lane, you last hit.  There's 6 minions per wave plus the additional cannon minion on every second wave.  With both teams trying to get CS and trade you're pretty much always attacking.  If you ask for the timer to be reset upon every attack, you would absolutely never get a stack unless you roam or base.  It's absolutely the stupidest idea you could ask for to "fix" this item.
1	I love the concept of Ryze's kit... I just don't like the 30% CDR on his ult passive. Now you can't really build tanky which really takes the feel away from it being Ryze.   His Q becoming a skillshot doesn't bother me that much, I just hate how slow it feels.
1	Would love to see brainstorm threads to see how things can be altered and fixed in a constructive manner.   Here's the thing though. You don't see these, because junglers and non-junglers have been doing that since the Season 5 Preseason starting with Poachers Knife.  We're tired of theorycrafting because     none of the brainstorming we've come up with has been implemented in the last 4 patches. And     Every time we find something that works, Riot changes it.       Imagine if every patch the laning changed: Waves are now 5 minions instead of 6.  Laners come up with a new strategy to keep competitive and pose suggestions on how to adapt to this (Riot add slightly more exp/minion, or more gold/minion).   Then next patch, none of those suggestions are taken in effect and Riot also decides to change the width of the lane.  Again, laners brainstorm how to adjust and other propose other changes to compensate.  Remember, laners are also only getting 5 minions instead of 6.   Next patch rolls out, more changes to to laners: Doran's and Support items now cost 50 more gold.  That's one less pot for laners.   Patch after that, laners are required to have a special summoner spell that they grab before the get to the Rift that has a special buff that will work only when used on special minions in the lane.
1	That she wins doesn't mean she is good at it. it's the reason why most APs are not played as ADCs. their skills seem nice but honestly most ADCs just have kits that do it better. A soraka as adc is a tanky adc with less damage. A vayne with a soraka would prolly do better than a soraka+support.   I will deconstruct this-   her innate is useless for an ADC, save when facing Varus maybe. Her Q interrupts her AA, is not worth the time. her W is decent, but then again, it's just as decent when supporting a vayne or whoever. her E actually is a lot less usefull than as a support, as you, as the adc, can only utilise the silence part, not the mana part. the ult, again, just as good on the support if not better. it's in the casttimes.   When you say soraka ADC is viable you can say Janna is viable, or Leblanc, or Ahri. Because all those gals have range (like ADCs generally have) and.. well.. they have range. and the other skills are just better utilised on other roles because of casttimes and overall kit usage.   "but janna can shield herself for damage" yeah she also can shield the graves that is known as a walking AD-scaling. "and Ahri has charm and ult, and lebonk has snare" CC doesn't make you a good ADC, if you rely on skillshot cc you may aswell just concentrate on positioning yourself so you wouldn't need it.
1	You got it backwards. Implementing a clan tag option would REDUCE the number of namechange purchases, reducing the first problem you stated. Also, it's a preceding tag, not a modification of the summoner name. So if Billy wants to be XLS Billy, nobody else can be ___ Billy. Only him. It is VASTLY superior to the system we have today, where if a proplayer switches teams, someone could take his old name.
1	it's because TSM isn't strong enough to compete with other mechanically stable teams. TSM has really really strong mechanics/team fights, but so does m5, najin, clg.eu, frost, iG, etc, but the asian teams and clg.eu and m5 have better strategies outside of this.
1	I agree with you on one point: people automatically think he'll be like Ryze because they see mana scaling. However, they fail to realize his mana scaling is fairly poor, and doesn't come close to compensate for his loss of base damage and AP ratios. Let's consider for a sec:     Null sphere got butchered. Over the last couple of patch, Riot has reduced 80 damage at max rank and removed a 2.6 seconds silence completely (which was, by the way, extremely strong important to Kassadin). I know it interrupts channels, but who cares about that anyway? It's not an instant interrupt - it has a cast time and a projectile - and there aren't that many channeling spells to begin with.   Nether blade mana restored is nice, but other than that it's not very good. Passive is insignificant, active has low base damage. You might think it's good because they buffed the AP ratio on it, but that's a mistake, for two reasons, in my opinion. The first is his damage got gutted hard, and building him full AP doesn't seem very appealing. The second is his nether blade used to give bonus damage to auto attacks over a duration, and now it's only one auto attack every 6 seconds. Normally I would say it's better to stack the damage in burst rather than over time on an assassin like Kassadin, but that leads us back to the first reason - he is not really an assassin anymore.   Force Pulse got gutted in damage. Again, 80 less base damage at max rank makes a huge difference, especially in the mid game. At least he got the keep the slow utility.   Riftwalk damage became pretty bad. Actually, it's extremely bad. They removed an 0.8 AP scaling in favor of 2% max mana. Even if you assume you get twice as many Riftwalk casts, the damage is not even close. If you have 4000 mana, you get 80 extra damage from the ratio. If you double that to factor the lower cooldown you get 160. Note that getting 4000 mana is not very easy, and will only be achieved with specific builds late game. On the other hand, with merely 300 AP (which only takes two items), you got 240 extra damage from the scaling. Late game with 600+ AP, you got 480, which is tripple the amount you get now using two rift walks with 4000 mana. (The bonus damage for stacking the ult multiple times helps out a bit, but even factoring that in, you get less than half the damage you used to for more mana).     Overall, I would say Kassadin's damage got gutted so hard, that I don't see any point building him as an AP carry anymore. It would take 40 minutes for him to start doing any significant damage.   Since Kassadin doesn't have damage anymore, there is only one role I can see him filling: being annoying. I think you would probably still have to get at least one major mana item like Seraph's or ROA, or you'll run oom. Other than that, I think Iceborn Gauntlet/Trinity Foce would be pretty good buys on him, and then full tank, with priority on CDR for more jumps, slows and mana restoration from w (important!) during teamfights.   In teamfights, your role is basically to jump in, pop annoying things like AoE slow from E/Randuin's Active/Iceborn Gauntlet, and then use an empowered auto from W. Now if they try to focus you, you can rift walk back out, since it should be on a really short CD with CDR. If they ignore you, you can just keep jumping on their carries and hitting them.   I would like to think that Kassadin is a good splitpusher, because he can escape easily, but in reality I don't see him winning duels against a whole lot of champions in his current state.   Another important thing I just remembered is that he pretty much has no lane to go to. He will lose lane to almost anyone in his current state, so I find it hard to get him out of the laning phase, even if you do pick him for some strange reason.
0	There are so many things wrong with this post that I could write a four page essay on why OP is a piece of shit.
1	I'm surprised that people don't understand this. It's plain and simple ;   as of the last 50 years or so, people everywhere around the world (the majority at least) have agreed that before everything else, you need proper education. Now, these people also agreed that this education is better "obtained" when you are young and thus, they made laws protecting young people from doing stupid shit and leaving school for stupid reasons (this may not apply to Rekkles because he is damn good, but it applies to 99% of the kids playing worldwide).
1	Me goofing off in blind pick learning Zyra. Loading screen pops up - Akali mid and Talon jungle. Awesome. No problem, I passively farm and use plants to harass/zone Akali for a while. Use seeds to ward side bushes. All good - up by about 15 CS at level 5.   Jax jungle ganks for me. Goes pretty well, shes at 40 health and ignited under her tower. 150ish HP Jax decides he wants to secure the kill or something, jumps on her, gets killing blow. Tower kills him, gives Akali the kill. Great, even in gold now.   I'm low health so I blue pill. Get back Akali still missing, call MIA. Bot decides, "better push the shit out of my lane!" A wild Talon/Akali combo appears. Akali gets double kill. Level 6 3/1 Akali comes back to lane. Get caught moving out to my side of river to seed farm.   But this isn't enough. Now Talon decides to camp mid. They power dive me under my tower a couple of times, killing me within the silence. Game ends a bit later with a 18/2/x Akali and a 0/5/2 Zyra "GG bad mid - report for feed."
0	When I worked at Target, these two kids (little bro, big sis) got a hold of a skate board. They were riding around, making a big mess of the toys department. The big sis said she wanted to ride the board and the bro kept saying no.   So she gets mad and steps on the boy's skateboard right when he's about to take off. Literally jumps to the air and face plants straight to the ground, crying uncontrollably and the sis with a big "OH SHIT" on her face. And there I was, cracking up like hell in front of them.   Though, I did help the kid up and it took me forever trying to get their parents while calling them through the intercom.
1	Do you know why it sucks? I don't play Kassadin, but one time in a plat game i noticed he wasn't banned nor picked by the first 3 people, and i also noticed that they didn't pick the mid so i went for Kassadin, just to make sure that they, the other team, don't get their hands on it, and i said to my team that i really don't have any exp with this champ and that i only picked it so we don't have to deal with it.   That being said, i finished the game getting Legendary, dying to a Nexus tower dive as i got greedy and then getting a 5 kills later on as we were closing the game. Funny, right?
0	I got lice from a girl at work using our loaner stryker helmet. I was at home and Christ my head itched. While I was itching I had gotten a louse on my hand. I then felt something on my hand and seen what it was. Aw hell no. Had the girlfriend check my head yup I had bugs...   I went straight outside and used the clippers to get my hair as short as they would allow. Went back in to shower the girlfriend tells me we had lice shampoo left over from the kids. Well I couldn't find it but Buddy, our beagle, flea and tick shampoo was right there so I used it.   Those little bastards were committing suicide trying to get away from that stuff it took care of them. It also left the little remaining hair I had feel silky and smooth. The girlfriend had them too but refused the dog shampoo and made me go buy the real stuff.
0	The people who want to put iPads in schools are:     Apple because $$   Apple Resellers because $$   Administrators taking $$ from Apple and Apple resellers because $$   Textbook Companies because book licensing per year = free $$   Apple and Apple Resellers because replacing broken iPads = $$
0	Actually I have to disagree. America is a long way from becoming a third world country, but not for the reasons most people think. The reason why claiming America is becoming a third world country is silly lies within the definition of a third world country.   Third World countries are countries whose views and political goals do not align with America and NATO nor with the Communist Bloc. They are generally small countries with out much political power, but it's not their lack of development that defines them as third world.   Second World countries are countries who belong to the communist bloc. These have really dwindled since the fall of russian communism.   First World countries are are countries that align with America and NATO.   [Three World's Theory](   Now one could argue there's been an etymology change and that First World means developed or rich nations and Third World means poor nations, and the Second World is simply forgotten. Personally I find this to stray too far from the original concept, but I cannot argue against the fact that that is how it is often used in casual conversation today. However people claiming the "The US is becoming a third world country" are still wrong even in this context. People saying that are generally saying we're losing our democracy, civil liberties and/or civil liberties; they generally think we're becoming how we perceive China to be. While China might be what we consider a police state, it is not an undeveloped nor a poor country as a whole. So it would not be categorized as a third world country in either the original sense or in the new sense. Nor is the US in any position to really quickly lose it's place as the world's largest economy. If the US were to cut it's GDP in half we'd still be pretty much neck in neck for first place with China as it's economy stands today (and face, if the US GDP fell by half it would wreck China's GDP as well).
1	This post isn't fair. Of course with TSM playing bad there is going to be a lot of vitriol aimed at this team, and Dyrus is the the popular target for this very vocal minority.   I am a TSM supporter and don't think Dyrus should be bashed, they win and lose as a team. Everyone's performance has been subpar but it's freaking MSI. The results don't matter, and I am glad the team will be able to take a learning experience and prepare for worlds. (Think UoL in San Jose).   Now this will be my only post on the subject, but I will  continue to support Dyrus and the whole team, but I will avoid talking about TSM in the immediate future.
0	I'm a white male that didn't shit the bed in high school and has a full ride (housing, food, books, tuition, everything) at a state university in the city I grew up in. The scholarship had NOTHING to do with race, gender, or income. Just my grades (which for the scholarship weren't that impressive,  3.7~ gpa 32 ACT hardly top 25% class rank) and the work I had done for my major.
1	No but I believe his point is more it would take an insane amount of resources to try and balance this thing, because it as an extremely hard line to walk with something like this, if that stats are even a little too high it could swing things massively and that champ will be perma picked-banned every match and have a crazy winrate, and if the stats are even a little to low, whats the point you will be gimped 90% of the game by losing your pet.   The balance would need to be like draven, IE- Dravens damage is competitive even if you don't catch a single axe, however if each one he catches makes his damage even better, to the point of if you let him juggle without fail he seems OP, but it has an inbuilt counter in that you can see where they are going and dissuade him from catching them.  something similar would have to be done for the pet, such that you can only expect to have the pet active for some of the time and still do competitive damage.
0	Yeah, sometimes that doesn't take. I got asked by some kids once in the parking lot of a Walgreen's. At the time I was working midnights, and I was there to pick up a prescription before going to work at something like eleven-thirty at night, so it's pitch dark and the place is deserted. Keep in mind that I'm female and under five feet for intimidation factor. I got approached by four high school aged boys before walking in, and when I told them no to their request for liquor, they started harassing me (calling me a pussy/loser etc. and telling me that they'd mess with my car while I was inside). I ended up telling them that if they didn't leave me alone I was going to call the cops, and that I was going to tell the cashier that they were approaching people in the parking lot. They quick got into their car and peeled out before I'd even made it through the doors.
1	Here is the issue with your build:   Trying to catch the axes late game is poor play.   If you let the falling axes dictate your positioning you will lose teamfights left and right. It makes you predicable and puts you in less than ideal positions.   Getting an extra bloodthrister rather than a PD will really hurt you by lategame. Having 400 damage and 1 attack speed is far inferior to 2 attack speed and 300 damage (without even considering the bonus crit from PD). And even if you are catching your axes you will do less damage than someone who builds a normal AD carry build and doesn't bother to catch the axes.
0	I want to go on the record as a former web dev for a restaurant and say it is because they don't give a fuck.  They change their hours (local restaurant), overcharge for all their food, and try to find a scheme to make as money as they can for as little effort as possible.  I hated that job so much, and for all technological prowess I tried to put forth, I was yelled at for being honest about hours, prices, offers, etc..
1	I don't have any problems with your ideas; Cory presented an argument, you posted a counter, I differed from your post. That's it as far as I am concerned.   I only said that the problem people are having is the way in which you are responding. This is an open forum for free ideas, why bring aggression into it? Even the guy on your side admits you are being a bit harsh:   > Cor doesn't really make the effort to make polite overtures.
0	Let me tell you about the worst roommate I ever had.   We lived in an 8 bedroom house and one of us was going away to study abroad for a semester. I told the crew, "don't worry, I know someone who is transferring here next semester and can definitely take John's room.". I knew him as a friend of a friend and had hung out with him a bunch of times.   So we give him the room that happens to be connected to the living room. In a drunk rampage, somehow his door gets broken down (by him or some other drunk fuck that happened to visit my house, still not sure who did it). So you would think that if your door got broken down you would make some effort to fix it. Nope. He just placed it back in the frame and would have to push it out everyday to get out, and place it in the frame behind himself as he entered. It was pure comedy watching TV in the living room and watching him have to escape from his room each morning like he was in a cave. This was the first signs of what was to come.   So this kid had the nerve to not fix his door but then complained to us that stuff was missing from his room. BRO! If you don't want shit missing from your room maybe you should, I dunno, fix the goddamn door!   So now weeks go by and we notice a smell oozing out of his room/cave thing. He was just really dirty, smoked lots of cigarettes and since his door was always open the smell wafted into the living room. Kids were not happy.   Then one day this kid decides to look after his friends dog for a few hours. No big deal, nice dog, we like dogs but then the dog shits on the floor in this kids room. You would think that if a dog shit on the floor in your room, you would clean it right away. Nope. Let's it sit there for hours. HOURS! Keep in mind that he has no door so the whole living room smelled like shit.   The other 6 guys in the house had enough. When he went to the bar at night, they took out all the stuff from his room ( clothes, bed, everything) and put it outside. It was easy to get in cuz you know, no door.
0	Every post involving an engagement ring has a dozen or so comments about how stupid and common diamonds are.   Why is the fact that diamonds are common even a talking point? People know they are common, there is a demand, so they begin to cost more, and more, and more. If people chose to get an engagement ring based on their birth stone (as is usually the "innovative" engagement ring revelation that is talked about) the cost of those (already expensive) gems would increase beyond the current cost of diamonds.   I know De Beers, blah blah blah. The fact is diamonds are common, hard, have good tenacity as compared to other gems and have a high dispersion of light, which makes them relatively pretty to look at.   Just because some girl picks a different piece of whatever to put on their engagement ring doesn't make them more creative/intelligent/progressive.
1	My definition IS riot's definition. That's what mages are in LoL and in general. Users of magic. Full stop.   I'd like to see a source on the Morello quote, I was not able to find it through googling. On that note however I would argue that there isn't much need to focus on balancing them as support in the first place, as their spells naturally lend themselves to the offensive side of the role to different degrees (in different matchups). The main tweaking done to Mages designed for carrying tends to be in their ratios and base damages, which are largely irrelevant to the current support role.
1	So what makes this one guy special? He's probably well off after the fire. He has friends around that legs him get on his feet right? Loans from the bank and a place for a while. Im just saying, instead of donating to some bloke, why not donate it to where it can save a life or give it to people who never had. Habitat for Humanity, gor example. What I dont get is why we should pay for a housefire when this guy clearly doesnt have it as bad while you guys are acting like hes a fucking martyr. He lives in a first world country, he's probably big enough to handle himself, and as for his sentimental value items, that sucks and I sympathize.   Where were your donations to the hundreds of people having housefires and losing their things? Its probably happening right now to them too, and Im saying that the difference between the people who are currently suffering from a fire somewhere in the world and odee is NOTHING.
1	Because Riot doesn't have to answer to any promises they've made. I think it's rather smart, as a company who is slow on all forms of development, to not make promises as the Compendium does. I feel like if they TOLD people explicitly who/what/when/where/why, they would deliver.   For example, they only say what the next champion is, not when they'll be released. They only say there is a replay system in the works, and try to give a really far off guesstimate (probably in hopes we'd forget.)   Not trying to excuse Riot's downfalls, just pointing out that not every company has to work the same in order to have community acceptance.   Plus, Valve is a much older company than Riot. We're approaching Riot's sixth year(?) as a video game producer. It's hard to get mad at a company which, despite all its money, is yet to find it's footing. I'm pretty sure Riot is moving its HQ into a much bigger, better complex within the next two years or so, probably to expand its departments to improve its efficiency.
1	The problem is not the LoL community itself. It is humanity.   There are a lot of "assholes" out there. And I don't mean in games, but everywhere. The more popular a game is the more people will play it. The more people play a game the more toxic people will play too.   There is another reason which is trust.   You come back from work/school/uni and maybe had a stressful day. All you want to do now is to play a game of league and maybe improve your ranked stats. So you go in and really want to play AD, but someone else is first pick and picks AD. Meh. Ok, next game. But your AD is super bad and loses you the game.   The next game you queue in you are already in a bad mindset, because you lost a game and now want to win your lost LP back. The best way you can do that is by playing AD. People start getting stubborn and will just pick AD anyway.
0	Semi-Related Story:   I used to work as at the Customer Service Desk in a grocery store. One day, a person calls customer service and asks for the phone number to the bank that is inside our store. I don't know what it is, so I walk over to the bank and ask the attractive teller what the phone number is. Apparently, I was vague in how I asked, because she starts writing her personal phone number and asks me why I want it (didn't realize this until after), to which I respond "Oh, a customer called CS and wants to know". She gets extremely flustered, turns bright red, and just said "oh" in the most sheepish voice ever, and re-writes the banks number on a new piece of paper.   My girlfriend at the time, who was a cashier, happened to be walking by the bank and heard part of the conversation and I told her the story later that day. From then on, she would always make sure to hug or kiss me in front of the teller.
0	Came here to find you or someone else who recalled. Got buried with everyone's fucking "thing they wanted to get off their chest" about this shit.
1	Love how people use one game instance "I went 10-0 and I still lose wtf" if you go 10-0 consistently you will rise in elo guaranteed. As for people being bad on NA please was a lame statement every server has bad players had some really bad players on EU-W servers but you don't see me calling people on euro servers bad ... if you play well on a consistent basis you will gain elo if you have good games and bad games going to take you longer to rise but be honest with yourself you always here people say "I win my lane EVERY game, have the most cs in the game, always ward and call dragons/barons; yet we still lose and I'm stuck with all these morons in this elo." Well if that's the case eventually you'll raise in elo, yet too often we tend to remember the good games we do well in and still lose no one ever mentions the time we go 0-3 having a bad day or just get counter picked hard, even those 0-1 games where we didn't have as much impact on the game as we wanted.
1	I never agreed with us telling companies such as Riot and Garena on what they should do in the name of charity.  If you want to help, go out and donate directly would work just as well won't it? Although it is nice that these companies give back to the community in need
0	Cool, thanks for replying. So here's the skinny: I'm 32, always been 'the mature kid' and I basically raised my two brothers, who are both happily married with the cutest goddamn kids. (I give you this merely as preamble/credentials).   Any woman under the age of 25 is  retarded . They're children and you should not expect anything but childish behavior from them. I was like that when I was that age, too. Rash, judgmental, and easily swayed by "What's cool".   Guys do the same, but it sounds like you've got your head far enough out of your ass to put your integrity above coolness. That's A Very Good Thing (tm) and puts you ahead of the game.
1	Well in a roaming support meta, those are all the skills you need.   Since the jungle change and the emphasis on having at least four sources of cc on a team (preferably aoe and/or hard cc), a level 4 three man gank on mid, top, or hell even jungle, is pretty common. I've seen it done successfully (participating some of those instances) playing as Annie and Leona support.
1	LOL Omg, yes they have Skype you moron. But they don't have it on the computers they play on when go to tournaments and neither do the amateur players that have been getting ddosd lol. Damn your thick. Also, even if they (the pros/amateurs) use Skype, 9.99999 times out of 10 they'll have a VPN up to stop ddos attempts.
0	He looks like Nicholas Cage... In my opinion he got sent back to kill his former self for producing his terrible movies which eventually inspires terrorists around the world to produce more movies based on terrible acting. As he arrives back in time, something happens to him and he loses his memory. Now he's destined to live the rest of his life wondering who he is and never knowing what his younger self is going to unleash unto this world..This is all only a theory tho :/
0	I duno man, if you're not old enough to know how bandwidth works and figure out what's going on yourself, I don't really care if you're having a shit time online.
1	This is an obscenely good item for Vlad, Rumble, Morde and Kennen, regardless of the 5 mana regen. Start with this and spell vamp masteries/runes, and you have 11% Spell Vamp at the beginning of the game - making Revolver moot in his core build. From there, he can rush some other items that will spike his growth like Haunting Guise, making him even stronger than he already is.
0	It was right at the bottom of the market after the housing market crashed. There was that tax credit for first time home buyers and my parents loaned me a little. It worked out that my 3 bedroom house is about $300/month less expensive than my previous 2 bedroom apartment so I can pretty much rent out two rooms for very little (makes it easy to rent out) and I pay next to nothing
1	No, I get that it's a big deal. There's a lot of money and a lot of reputation on the line. But people are just getting silly on this. Everyone blaming the asian teams for cheating, but they completely ignore or excuse it when the american team does it. That's where the conspiracy angle comes in, because I honestly can't see any other reason why they yell about one and not the other.   The OP is clearly showing many instances of many team doing this very thing. But people want to ignore some of them, or try to explain them away. No. Either they're all wrong, or none of them are wrong. One guy didn't do it because he's a good guy or because he had a good reason. Either they're all wrong, or none of them are.   Bottom line is the games are over. The teams that won did so in a mostly overwhelming fashion, far beyond what a single glance would give. The only team accused that hasn't won in a convincing fashion yet is World Elite. Well, and IG lol. I'm a CLG.EU fan, I'm really hoping they can go all the way in this tournament. But I don't give a shit about the potential glance at a minimap that occurred by World Elite. Because it just doesn't matter.   If you want to call teams on cheating, and disqualify some, then all the teams listed above need to be investigated and disqualified. Yes,  and  disqualified. Because RiotTiza stated in the General Discussion post that players were instructed to face forward at all times. So it doesn't matter if they were looking at the minimap or not, the bottom line is they weren't facing forward as instructed, so they are breaking the rules and  potentially  cheating.   This includes TPA, Azubu Frost, World Elite, IG, and TSM. Probably others, if we did a real examination of the footage across the tournament. But if you don't want to disqualify some of those teams because of <insert X reason here>, you can't disqualify any of them. Not without actual proof they gained an advantage. Those screens are not proof enough to discriminate between the advantage gained by different teams.
1	I just played a game where we were almost 10k gold behind. Our cho'gath was flaming all game long and trying to surrender.   We won the last teamfight (I even got a penta!! :D) and we could finish the game.
0	IMO, this discussion in a relationship is pretty black and white. Either both of you are mature enough to respect the others' feelings and balance the amount of contact with the opposite sex, or you aren't.   ie, your gf, my ex, girls from around the world all say the same "we're just friends" line and feign naivete because in truth, they want the friendzoned guys around "just in case". If you calmly explain to her that these guys might want to be more than friends and she doesn't believe you...trust me, she knows.   in my case, my ex feigned ignorance also when her best friend and I both mentioned that this guy liked her, so I asked her if she would ever date him, to which she responded "he doesn't like me, so that would never come up" instead of answering the question; fast forward...he was the first guy she dated after we broke up.   When I met my wife, we both agreed it wasn't a great idea to be close friends with members of the opposite sex because it would give the wrong impression; have friends, chat sometimes, hang out in the presence of other people, cool, but nothing overboard; when I hear people crying about how their s/o cheated on them because they went out to movies or dinners with guys/girls "as friends" and it turned into something more, I'm confused...
1	I find it kind of bias towards top and mid laners. It's unlikely for Support or adc to get a solo kill seeing as it's a 2 man lane and junglers often kill lanes and rarely get kills from counter jungling. I think taking counting how much kills were taken by Wildturtle where xpecial(RiPplsreturn)is the only assisting the kill and vice versa(and do the same for other bot lane duos). There's gotta be something for junglers too but you can figure it out(comment is already long enough). Good Graph though :)
0	I know nothing about this kinda stuff but s bunch of (normal non accountant people)  told me I could claim gas,  clothes,  and anything else used for work. I didn't try to claim clothes or anything.  Where I worked was work - casual and I own almost no nice clothes,  but right after I got there the location owner (idk her official title and it took months for me to know who she was... She never talked to lesser employees and never introduced herself and wasn't at the office much past like,  noon...)  got busted stealing donation money to pay for her own stuff like a wedding and a car,  and she swore she didn't do it,  that the donation money was "in the building,  but they just never had a chance to actually donate it"  and gave us a year of dress down as a bribe.  A bribe that very much worked.
1	Zyra- Mid or support, but for the sake of the question, support.   Even before S4 gold influx to supports, I've played her with the burning bush build in the support or mid roll. This was of course, Banner of Command, Liz Elder(before S4, now a talisman), liandries, Derp Cap, shoes,  and rylai's.   The ammount of damage that one can pull off by popping down 2 plants and walking away is rediculous at any stage in the game. Most of my games with her I out damage everyone on the team while still filling the ward whore roll.   Seeds allow you to extend even without wards in some cases.   The ult is one of the bests at AoE engage or disengage.   Great wave clear   If I'm up against a thresh or a blitz I get the extra challenge of popping the seed down to block grabs, a true skill any Zyra player should thoroughly enjoy mastering. Going against a Nid? Stalemate in mid and shes poking away? Seeds> Yasuo Wall with the amazingly short cooldown   Back on the build. Banner of Command just got a buff to 80 AP. Hell, even with this it's still not seen too much, and its a pretty cool active. Want to set up for Barron, but down want to go down to bot and show yourself pushing it out? Drop Bob down the lane, lots of teams wont notice him. Not to mention the extra help the item gives when taking out towers. It's also another 15% extra damage for your seeds.   Dead even fights leaving enemies rolling away with 200 health? Kog'Maw's passive just became a skill shot that can cause flashes to go down even if its not even close.   Sure theres the draw back of having to protect some guy from not only everything around him but sometimes himself for the majority of the game. But I find this to be exciting. Great support players will more often than not get their credit when its due. Yeah, you get the guy that comes around every so often that goes on diving the tower against the leona/vayne combo, and then proceeds to blame you for forcing him to right click. Honestly though, when you get to the post game screne, it doesnt matter, win or loss, you'll probably not see that guy again, and you probably out damaged him anyways.   So many times where I've ran up to a solo enemy after dropping a ward off that thinks "oh its just the support, free gold for me" quickly followed by the "...WTF?" (for anyone that plays Starbound, this reminds me of Zyra supporting an ADC so much  )   Did I mention the hard core Sarah Kerrigan refference?   Finally, got a new skin that I love, some of my favorite spell animations in the game.
0	I'll just copy a comment I made awhile back...   Apparently me cleaning up was my biggest issue as a kid. They would continuously ask me to clean my room until one day when I was about 3-4 my parents told me to clean my room. I told them no and they said if I didn't, they would sell all of my toys at a yard sale to which I replied I didn't care.   That weekend they made me sell all of my toys. They made me run it, take the money, and give change (obviously with their help). I never again doubted their threats. When I was 14 I had gone to a friends sleepover and the only request was that I clean my room before I go, I of course didn't. The next morning I got a call from my dad saying my mom was going to my room in 15 minutes with trash bags and hung up. I never ran home more quickly in my life.
1	This is actually the worst course of action, taking example from Dominion. Introducing draft mode will separate the normal queue, which will get pretty small in population after the novelty runs out, in 2 smaller populations. Now instead of one queue being decent, there will be 2 somewhat bad queue. A lot of people will get bored in queue and ditch TT. The draft queue will shortly after be abandoned, and there will be a small population of fanatics on the normal queue.   The purpose of Ranked queue is dual. First it's draft mode, second and more important, it introduces some sort of point system that people will strive to get, thus keeping more people in the loop for longer until it reaches a critical playerbase.
1	It's very hard to shut down master yi in lane, especially if your champ doesn't have any CC's. Just be sure to be able to keep up in farming.   Master yi is a really strong pusher in lane so you need a champ that can clear creeps fast too. Stand a bit away from your minion wave to reduce the chance of being hit by his alpha strike bounces. Never go near your wave if you have only 3 creeps because his AS will hit you 100%.   Harass him. Sure he has meditate, but at low levels it has a long CD and its healing is manageable. Before he goes back to buy items, he won't have enough mana to spam both heal and AS so be sure to try to damage him when he's safe.   Lastly, prevent him from roaming too much by constantly clearing creepwaves. Do not allow him to snowball other lanes. If your others lanes are doing ok, Master yi won't get too much resets in team fights. A master yi that doesn't get resets in team fights is very manageable and you should be more useful than him.
1	IGN: GottaPoopSoon
1	I used to main Udyr so when I discovered a high-level streamer that was entertaining and who played him very well I was ecstatic. I learned a ton from watching Trick play and I can quite confidently say that I know his limits very well, and I would say that mechanically my phoenix-jungle Udyr is at the same level as Trick. My knowledge of the game, map awareness and top lane skills are much worse which is why I'm still in silver 1.  Point being : he's a great source of entertainment and has a lot to offer if you don't imitate his play-style but instead learn from his thought process on how to gank, when to push, all these things.  Fans/Followers : please be aware that he's only "MAXIMUM DISRESPECTING" because he developed his own playstyle that works for him, that he's incredibly comfortable with and has mastered. This is not your playstyle, you do not have 500+ games with a champ yet.
1	A diamond? Got stomped in bronze? With Kat?   Either he literally only trolled the whole game or you're lying. Bronzies and Silveries do so many mistakes in lane that even with a "new champ" taking advantage of them and of their predictable patterns is super easy. I'm Silver III (fresh out of placements, looking to climb) and had a Diamond 5 coaching me. His game knowledge and mechanics were so much better than mine that he could stomp me in lane with anything versus anything, since he could take advantage of my mistakes. Positional mistakes, minion wave control mistakes, skill usage and cooldown management mistakes, lane control mistakes, reaction times.   And if your buddy is Diamond, it's also impossible that he didn't at least have basic knowledge of what Kat does. Kat doesn't even have that bad of a laning phase, just hit Q and gain farm + free harass at 0 cost. Map awareness, vision control and decision making being the one of a Diamond, he could've stomped solely based on roams too, so even if he got camped he wouldn't've been stomped.
0	Another tip... do this at home.  Do this before you're in the presence of someone that your son/daughter might have to shake hands with.  I can remember hating, as a little kid, when my dad would see someone and then "remind me" that i needed to say hi and shake their hand.  I just always felt like it made me look like a baby even though the intent is to make you look like an adult.   Also, at 29yrs old, my parents still feel the need to include such greats as "rthaw, you remember so and so, say hi."  And, "rthaw, did you say hi/bye to so and so?"   Like no mom or dad, I just wanted to stand next to them all day and feel weird.   I'm 29 years old and function on my own in the real world as an adult human being... I know how to say hello and goodbye to people lol... Ahh, parents!   The abbbsolute worst is if I tell my parents a story or something going on in my life, and then one of their friends is around... they say to me, "Oh, do you have something to tell them?"  Or, "oh, he has something to tell you."  Like... If I did, I would've told them.  Right now it just seems like YOU have something to tell them.  So... tell them already!   Even after they've raised you, they're never done raising you...  I'm sure I'll be the same way.   Sorry about the rant...  holidays are coming up and I'm just dreading these interactions.
1	They don't own the fact. They do own the content of the report they put out. Currently to the best of my knowledge no one else has a report or any content released about this situation, which means that RL is the only journalistic source for it.   In my mind, if the OP has made the post and said that Liquid had filed a compliant about potential poaching and asked for community discussion about it, that would be fine. But what the OP did from my perspective, is posted a direct quote from the article itself, thus plagiarizing the content of RL's article.
0	This is great advice.  Story:  there was a huge fuck up at work, where various people in various departments dropped the ball.  The owner of our company sent an email out asking what happened.  Everyone started playing the blame game, or saying "I don't know".  I said "I dropped the ball, it won't happen again."  I got an email back saying simply "thank you".  I'm the only one who still works there.
1	Main AD carry here (~1650-1700 elo) and flash heal is probably the strongest summoner combo you can take. If the enemy has exhaust, just disengage and run back until it's over, then re-engage and you can usually take them down with the help of heal. If they take ignite, if you can tell they are committing to the fight fully, pop heal when you get to ~50% hp. Chances are, they are saving ignite until you get low enough so that it'll kill you, and heal heals for more than ignite does dmg. Also, if you are fighting against an ad carry with cleanse, you know you can trade a lot better in fights and harassing because you have so much more effective hp from heal. Late game cleanse may be better than heal, but QSS > cleanse, as QSS removes ALL debuffs from your champ, and if you run QSS and cleanse it's just unnecessary. Also, with flash + heal, late game if you get jumped on and chunked, you can usually flash away, pop heal, and destroy whoever jumped on you (unless they are extremely fed and you aren't farmed enough)
1	Playing Nocturne in a lane isn't all that hard. The key is to learn how to stop and last hit. Nocturne makes it so easy to last hit. I've done both mid and top several times.   I use spacebar for my stop, and I just stay behind the melee minions. If one of their caster minions is about to die, I Q it. If one if the melee minions is about to die, I last hit AA it, or any minion close to do the AOE damage. If you really have to, Q to avoid unit collision, then AA with Umbra. But don't push. On top, get Unspeakable first and fear the top laner when he tries to last hit. On mid, get Shroud to block the spells when able.   Stay conservative; realize how easy it is to push your lane. On top, you have nothing to fall back on if you push too hard. Mid is trickier, but if you push, you can steal their wraiths ( and your wraiths and wolves, if you have no jungler.) If you don't have a jungler, you still kind of fit that role, so enjoy the bounty of neutral minions, and love life. If you have a jungler, then stay back, wait for the signal, and initiate the gank with Q into E.   Item wise, it's really up to you. I love an assassin based build, but it's generally not feasible to work with team comp. So start with boots and 3 pots, build into HoG, then either Wriggles or Madred's Razors and Vamp Scepter (you'll build them into a Bloodrazor and BloodThirster,  Wit's End, Frozen Mallet, the BR and BT from above, and AotL. Build these in order depending on your enemy. EDIT: If they go armor, Prioitize a Black Cleaver in replace of BT, BR, or AotL, depending on your preference.   I go 9/21/0 and use Ignite/Flash and CV, but that's just me. I love seeing them run out of view, CVing them, then ulting for the kill. But that's just me. If you don't, ignite and your choice, everyone loves a flash.   One last thing; Although you don't like to jungle, pushing your lane hard at the beginning will set you up to roam, which IS what Nocturne does best. Wards are your friends, both to see ganks coming, and to pick out an out of place carry who begs to be taught a lesson.
0	Gather round children, to hear my tale of woe.   Over the summer, I worked at a daycare. It was fun, but that is besides the point. One day, the supervisor came up to me. She said, "tomorrow, we are having a special day. In the playroom, there will be buckets and buckets, enough to fill the entire room, of Legos."   So obviously I'm excited. If the kids are playing with them, that means I get to play with them. All day I waited, patiently.   The next day arrives. The room supervisor decides to go at the end of the day. Aww. Whatever, I have waited this long, I can handle a few more hours.   The time comes.   We lead them upstairs. I'm excited, the kids are excited, oh joy of joys!   Two containers of megablocks in the far corner. That's it. I nearly cried.   What monster does that, raise your hopes and just crashes them down?
0	Was at Wild Waves water park in WA as a kid (10), with my brother who is two years older. Went to the wave pool. Having fun. Brother see's a band-aid. Points it out to me. Moments later, a little boy (probably 7) bursts out from the waters depths yelling "ROAR!!" and without missing a beat, munches the band-aid, showing it to us between his teeth. Alarmed, and in mild shock, we get out of the pool. Later they close the wave pool because floating turd.
1	I'd like to give you a tip; When playing AD carries, berserker greaves are better option than mercs 90% of the time (you can sell them and buy mercs later on if needed), also you should avoid rushing BV too, if you don't get any damage items you won't be able to do much till late game.   Just buy Berserker's Greaves, IE/BT, PD, then either BV or IE/BT depending which one you didn't buy yet.   Though I'd like to mention that you should just focus on getting as much damage as possible and stay out of the harms way, position yourself so that you won't get killed and hit whatever you can reach (it's okay to hit the tanks if you can't reach more valuable targets without putting yourself in danger).
1	It's alot of older players, and it's actually pretty interesting from a sociatal stand point how all of this went down. Pretty much he started the reignofgaming site, which consisted of a few tier lists. These tier list were the first real guide lines to non pro players on what to play and how strong it was. People acted like these tier lists were the bible and it ended up being a HUGE detriment to the league community. It gave people a reason to be toxic, and because a pro stood behind it there was a huge circlejerk if you picked anything considered low tier, playing then was infuriating. People really disliked him for it and bashed him REALLY hard. Like people have killed themselves over some of the things people were telling him, it got pretty out of hand. So he went on tilt (I'm assuming now) as he is an emotional guy and got kicked from team after team. Now people hate him just to hate him, kinda like teemo, and he rages alot but that has more to do with actual trolls who are actively trying to lose games they're in with him. And that's where we are now.
1	Lots of things to account for here.     Is it an absolute failure across the board? If they have a fed as fuck riven, fed leblanc, fed vayne with janna and your team has 0 kill potential, you're better off farming (aka, helping your own lane).     Mid-game power spikes. If your team is somewhat mid-game oriented and just butchered the early game, you're going to want to help the champion that power spikes the hardest (i.e., Rumbles, Renekton, MF, etc.)     Late-Game power spikes. If your team is a support heavy / late-game oriented you're going to want to help the late-game player (in most cases the ADC). Albeit, bottom lanes are really hard to gank when they're behind but you just have to coordinate better. Helping your late game carry get ahead will give you the chance to come back even after all your other lanes are behind because everyone just has to be a meat shield for them.     Playing defensively. Sometimes, you just can't gank any lanes because you'll die to all of them. There's no point forcing anything regardless if your laners are telling you to or not. TRUST YOUR OWN INTUITION. In this case, buy tons of wards, keep tabs on the enemy jungler, keep ping spamming, and show up in lanes often to dissuade the enemy from going aggro in lanes (don't commit though). This is often done by jungle pathing where you path towards lanes between camps instead of just going from camp to camp while farming from behind. Basically, if you can't gank lanes, at least gain vision control so your lanes don't get dived or ganked.     Understand the win conditions. Gank the lane that will matter in team fights. For example, I had a game where I had a yorick top who was building tanky keep asking for help in his lane when I was prioritizing the bottom lane Draven when all 3 lanes were dieing. It's important to realize that certain champions will do their jobs regardless of money (in this case, Yorick's job is to ult Graves and be a meat shield). If you have a midlane assassin, they need to be a little ahead to do anything so you're going to want to give them AT LEAST a flash on their opponent so they can get rolling.
0	Except that this is a horribly wrong analogy.   I don't even know where to start. Read the electricians response.
0	I just want to put in that the stories in this thread don't have to be the case. My mom supported us singlehandedly, which sometimes meant we were living paycheck to paycheck. I was involved in our finances from a young age. As a child, I always knew we didn't have as much money as some other families. As I got closer to my teens, I started getting an idea of how much bills were in relation to her income. I learned how to budget. She taught me how to reconcile a bank account, and how to creatively budget money to pay the right bills at the right time. I learned to bargain shop. I learned to make what I had last as long as possible, whether it was clothing or food. As a result of this, I may be on the frugal side, but I will say that while I watch my friends struggle with late payments and overdrafts, I'm extremely grateful for what my mother was able to teach me with our financial struggles. Try to be like my mom. Give your child some good life skills early on.
1	This is not a matter of MLG sucking.  It's a matter of a shifting dynamic of who views their streams.  I have been going to MLG Raleigh for the past 3 years and the growth of League of Legends compared to SC2 has been astounding.  The problem is with the speed at which fans expect a shift in they dynamic.  The viewership being in the overwhelming majority for League of Legends over SC2 is a very new thing (within the last few months) for MLG.  Its viewership has in the recent past been dominated with SC2 patrons and before that it was FPS games.  Even in August at MLG Raleigh there was a similarly sized group of people watching SC2 as there were watching League of Legends.  The company needs time to shift what it is providing to what the viewers want.  If things stay the way they are as far as viewer count (which they most likely will) MLG will most definitely be providing a second LoL stream in the very near future.  The 15 bucks has never even been worth it for SC2 so I understand where you're coming from on that :P
0	I'd love to get over into the right lane, really I'm over here in the left because this truck was going under the speed limit and I'm trying to get a safe distance ahead of them before I merge back in, which is why I have my right blinker on. This should be en-oh you just cut out in front of him without signaling, causing him to slam on his brakes as your small engine struggles to accelerate to stupidly high speeds while you flip me off and pass on the right... and the next guy behind you does it too, as does everyone riding my ass because I'm not in enough of a hurry to go over the speed limit.
1	Never on AD carry, the only one I'd consider using crit runes on is GP due to Parrrley's ridiculous crit damage.   AD carries have no skills that benefit from crits like that, only Miss Fortune and Ezreal (IIRC) even have skills that proc on-hit effects.
1	First of all dont write something like i wish my team would stop dieing in all-chat.That just puts you into a bad spotlight for the enemy and your team. When someone on your team is afk since the first minute or ragequits just write in all-chat pls report  __  for ragequitting/afkeing. I personally dont report people that apologize and come back into the game.   When someone on your team is afk just continue playing your game, try to motivate your team but dont start flaming or feeding intentionally. When the enemy team starts getting rude and says something like haha noob team losing i honor (afker) and stuff just report that person.
0	Yeah that makes sense. Although, even with the meetings, the work week shouldn't exceed four days. It seems to me that our lives are spent slaving away at work 5 out of 7 days of the week, and then spend the two days we get off fixing any issues within our own household. That doesn't seem enjoyable to me. I hate that society has taken everything to extremes, life in America no longer seems to be laid back and enjoyable.
1	Hi lyte, I'm very excited about team builder coming to NA and I will definitely be one to try it. I just wrote a post where one of my points highlights the importance of role familiarity in correlation with one's ability to play at a high level there. I wanted to suggest a way to adapt team builder to ranked to make for a much better overall gameplay experience in terms of more competitive play. It seems the biggest problem with team builder in ranked is certain champions could be banned.   I don't think specific champion needs to be included in a team builder type of queue for competitive play. As gimmicky strategies with high risk that most likely require all players to be on the same page, will most likely be tested in normal games or more casual games. Even without specific champion declarations, I think team builder could still make a big impact on the ranked experience. Why?   I think the biggest problem in terms of building a team in ranked is having people fight over roles. Most people aren't hell bent on playing karma jungle, but rather they are familiar with a certain role and the matchups in that lane. This leads to people fighting for the role they are most familiar with.   The underlying reason people fight so heavily for roles in normals is because they want to practice. However, in ranked, they fight for roles because they want to win, so they want the role they are best at to give their team the best chance at winning. The fighting ensues because they feel if they give up their best role, and they have to play a role they aren't as good at, and the player they let play their main role doesn't do well anyways, now two people have done poorly.   This root problem of fighting for roles and causing rifts between teammates during Championselect could be solved through a team builder without champion specification. If I were to queue up as support because I am best at support, then I will get to play my best role. It's never a fun experience when three players all call "best top" and proceed to lolking each other trashing each other's kdas or match histories. I personally am god awful at top, and if I were to be placed on a team where someone else wanted to support and only top was left, I would probably fight with them for support.   Additional note: the reason champion/champion type is not needed, is because the main strength and weakness of a good player in any role, is familiarity with matchups and the role. E.g. Junglers who are good at smiting/timing buffs and counter ganking. Adc who are good at last hitting and harassing. Top who is good at wave control and map awareness. Mid who is good at roaming and pushing. Support who is good at vision control. It doesn't matter if I'm an assassin top or tank top. If I'm not good at wave control and being aware of when the jungler might gank top, I'm going to not do well, maybe feed, and incur the wrath of my teammates leading to a horrible experience for everyone.
1	You are making more of this than I intended.  My point is that the sample size is very small, so the implied three-digit precision of the numbers is illusory.  There is no way to "prove" that the skill difference between KBM and ALL is smaller than the skill difference between FNC and SSB based on how the math works out from six games.  You can say that your mathematical model of skill difference provides one way to rate it, but if the result is not in line with opinions based on more information, then it may be that the model is inaccurate; certainly the single point numbers you use would be more accurately described by distributions around a mean.   Even that mean is subject to some skew.  For example, had KBM not won at all, it would be a DP scenario, where the ELO score would be a guesstimate.  How valid is it to try to precisely determine an ELO number (or midpoint of an ELO range) based on a single win?   A case that warrants some investigation, perhaps: SSB lost one game whereas SSW lost none, and SSB was docked only 90 points,  rather than the ~200 that would have tied them with one-loss SHRC, or the ~200 that KBM was given for winning one game.  Had SSB been docked the full 200 points, then FNC's upset delta would have been smaller.
1	There's no real counter to Nasus right now. I had several games where Nasus got camped and completely shut down but once the tower is gone a good Nasus will just keep farming and take wolves/golems too for more stacks. The closest thing to a counter is having a strong/fed AP mid and your carry having higher than bronze mechanics (ie hiding from the teamfight until Nasus withers some other chump).   Since the rework on Q I've never seen a Nasus not come back from a horrible laning phase (he's a lot like Irelia in that regard) and the only real way to beat him is to win teamfights. If you can get rid of his team before he hulksmashes your carries he's pretty much useless.   If I see a Nasus pick and I get to play AD I just pick Trist or Lucian. Lucian's E is on a fairly low cooldown and breaks the slow from wither, he can deal a lot of damage without being in range of Nasus (the shitty damage from his ult is still better DPS than a carry that gets completely zoned and shut down) and his Q and passive allow him to deal decent amounts of damage even with the attack speed slowed/Nasus bringing a Frozen Heart to the teamfight.   Trist on the other hand is like a complete counter to Nasus' mechanics: long range autoattacks that allow you to stay out of wither range, a jump if you happen to get withered and the ultimate to peel Nasus off yourself if he manages to break distance. Last but not least: The healing reduction effect on Trist's E takes a lot of tankyness from the doge. He's only such a pain in the ass in teamfights because he heals off your team with his ultimate - so if you ignite him he loses a lot of survivability and dies rather quickly.   I play a lot of Nasus and no matter what the enemy top laner picks I will always be able to farm. People love to pick stuff like Riven against Nasus but if you know what you're doing you won't lose to a Riven of the same skill level, ever. Armor runes, cloth 5 start, lifesteal quints make you a bitch to get out of lane. Even if you get ganked you should pack teleport so you'll be right back in lane. Once you got your first few core items it becomes fairly apparent that Riven is a bad pick because she can't trade with you anymore and she WILL lose lane and tower if she gets killed.   People love being overly aggressive against Nasus ("hey bro you gotta shut down Nasus or we lose") but all this does is make them an easy pick for a gank (good luck trying to get away withered and with the jungler on your ass - a flash won't save you).
1	Look at your death recaps. Check to see how much of the damage was from magic, and how much from physical, and build resists appropriately. You've got the right percentages when one of two things happen: (1) you stop dying, or (2) when you die it's 50/50. That said, I like to start with cloth armor and hp pots. Most of the damage dealt in the first few levels is from autoattacks, which cloth helps to mitigate. The next item depends on who I'm laning against, but is subject to change based on overall enemy team comp. If I die to an autoattacker/AD carry but he's the only one on his team, I'm not going to build a Thornmail.   Tank builds are the most flexible, I think. You have to build to counter, so it's difficult to say "here's a build that always works; go forth and pwn" because that would be a blatant lie. However, I'll tell you my typical build and the reasoning behind it. I start with cloth, get a philo stone and a hog on first or second trip back, boots1, negatron or null magic mantle (negatron to build into FoN if the enemy team is caster heavy, or null magic to build into mercs if they have CC), giant's belt, finish FoN, finish boots, buy glacial shroud, build giant's belt into warmog's, build glacial shroud into frozen heart, build either banshee's or sunfire depending on enemy team comp, and finish with an atma's. FoN is highest MR, and FH is second highest armor, so by the time you've got those three items, you should be pretty unkillable.   Remember that you're building in response to enemy builds. If there are champions who can build either AP or AD, look at their builds before committing to a particular set of items. Don't be caught off guard if you see an AD Teemo when you expected AP. Again, always look at your death recaps. They're extremely helpful.   Be flexible with your builds. I've built both Thornmail and FH in a single game because the enemy team was dumb enough to have pretty much only AD. 300 armor, 4k hp, and 75 MR is better than 190 of each resist against all AD comps, and vice versa for AP comps. It's unlikely that you'll see such AD/AP heavy teams, though, so usually you should have an approximately equal amount of each resist.   Also, know what type of damage each champion does, and how much damage they do. If I see a tank, a support, two melee autoattackers, and a nuker, I'm going to prioritize MR. I can disregard the tank and support, because they're not major damage dealers (not that they should be completely neglected, but they type of damage they do is less relevant because they deal less damage), and the autoattackers are melee, so they also focus on survivability early game, so I know that the main source of damage early game (probably balancing out later in the game) will be AP. So in that case, don't rush a sunfire/thornmail.
0	Be a man. If you don't, somebody else will.
0	I think all of this was stated above but I'd like to throw my two cents in to agree with you. Op if you're reading this I've gone through a similar withdrawal- it helps to get some basics laid down for your day and it's easy to add onto. I like to have a cup of tea in the morning and exercise. Not because I love doing it but because I actually feel more optimistic when I workout. Not the typical "look at your body and the progress you made". It's the fact that it really messes with the chemical balance in your head. If sleep from exhaustion isn't working, Id recommend melatonin as well. So many people pitched in here because we all wish the best to our fellow readers who opened this thread feeling like they had something to contribute for you or felt they needed the advice as well. You're not in this fight alone.
0	I can't count how many times I have seen this exact situation play out with my friends who just assume the reason they didn't get the job was because of their race. When the same thing happens to my white friends they have a whole different list of reasons for why they didn't get the job, but ultimately, black or white, they all boil down to the same thing: they didn't get the job and they are dead certain it was for some reason other than their impeccable qualifications which clearly anyone can see.
1	Different skills are important in league. They are differently important at different elos for a variety of reasons.   The most important skill in League (or pretty much anything) is self-analysis. You have to find out why you're losing and why successful people (at that elo) are winning.   I personally had the opposite experience. Silver was trivially easy. As an adc, I could attack the whole fight and successfully kite 1 or 2 bruisers without relying on my team much. Once I got to low gold, I started getting flattened by bruisers. I had to analyze and change before moving forward. It sounds like you simply went into an elo that's more accepting of your skillset. You need to identify that skillset so you can improve it. Mechanics/positioning/objectives/laning/teamfights/awareness/handling team morale/not raging/etc, etc, etc. If you don't adapt, you can be "stuck" "below your level". By "stuck", I mean stuck the same way you can get stuck at math if you don't study math. By "below your level" I mean the same way you might get stuck on statistics even if you know calculus - calc might be more "advanced" but you're at a severe disadvantage in anything that has stats in it if you never work on it.
1	Well, I'm not sure if the meta is changing, but I think that how the game is played is now changing and Goose is a huge part of it.   Not only the CC crazyness on the bot lane with J4+Leona, but the way they focus on counter-picking is brand new, Goose seems to be more focused on denying the enemy picks then picking a "super strong team-comp" by it self, and thats something new.   I believe that ad+support bot, ap mid, bruiser top and "traditional" junglers game meta wont change, but counter-picks will be more important in the future, and by that I'm not saying "OMFG PICK SORAKA WITH DE OTHA TEAN PIKS KARTHSHKJHAKDJHFAKAKDJH", but counter-pick a whole team strat, deny all their potential in any kind of fight and thats GG.   Thats, in my opinion, the "meta-change".
1	I've played over 500 games as Draven. I've been playing this champion since I saw Aphromoo play it soon after Draven was released. On Draven launch, I tried him and I actually made a post because I was foolish enough to think that Draven's axes were too much to handle and that he wouldn't be viable in a teamfight situation (I recommended his Q pickup circle would've been increased in size). I was obviously false. Once I saw Aphromoo play it, I began to realize the incredibly fun playstyle that Draven affords those who master him. Since then, I've accrued close to, if not over 500 Draven games over two accounts (Zain88 and I Like Draven -- I play normals because I have very high normal elo, and it's more fun than ranked in many respects).   Now to get on to what is related to this thread:   I beg of you Rioters to please not try to "balance" this champion based upon the very limited knowledge of people who don't play this champion. Telling me that "Draven players didn't notice their bleed damage" is simply false. I notice every single Q I throw and auto-crit (without Q) I throw. I pay attention and have internalized a counting mechanism for how many times I have landed a Q/auto-crit on any given champion so that when I disengage from them, I know exactly how much damage my bleed is going to do. This matters just as much at level 18 as it does at lvl 1. Draven's passive SHOULD be shit late game, because Draven was built to be a lane bully. It's my job to beat my enemy ADC pre-6. If I don't, I pay the price by falling off lategame. If I don't beat a Vayne, Kogmaw, or Tristana before we hit 6, I deserve to lose the game because I don't scale as hard as they do.   If you want to tell me that my bleed at early levels is too weak, then please, reduce it. Drop it to 20 per stack at lvl 1 then. It honestly doesn't matter if this damage gets reduced, because I will adapt to play around that new set of damage. I will adapt to this the same way Vayne learned to adapt when her W damage was nerfed. I have absolutely no issue whatsoever in a direct nerf to my bleed damage. However, Draven's bleed, whether you believe it or not, is a fundamental part of his kit, in the exact same way that Darius' bleed is a fundamental part of his kit. The only difference is that my ult doesn't interact with my bleed stacks. However, imagine you take away that interaction (and I suppose with W too, though that one is much more unnoticed) -- how much of an outcry would you get from players, because it removes something they physically RELIED on because it's a fundamental part of how they learned to play the champion and against the champion.   Now think of Draven with this new passive. I'm not going to go ahead and rail against the idea proposed, but obviously it's a bad one for an ADC. To be honest, I don't think this kind of idea is good on any champion save a support with a global like soraka, and you give that "on kill" to "on assist" -- and even then it's a very sketchy idea, though much more defensible. I'm getting off-topic here. Think about this new Draven passive and how much it fundamentally changes it from my perspective, which I will arrogantly call a veteran Draven player's perspective. I literally learned how to play with this champion for 500 games learning how much damage this bleed does, both early and late game. I've learned when to rely on it, and when I fucked up because I didn't ready my axes pre-fight enough to give me that 1 extra axe to throw because I was forced to drop some pre-fight, and 1 more Q+Bleed would've given me that kill. That bleed effect didn't just teach me how to count 34 dmg or 108 dmg, it taught me when I needed to improve, because 1 more axe would've been the kill, or if I wasn't stupid enough to go in for that last flash-auto, the bleed would've killed him and I would've gotten away for free (because cool guys don't look at explosions).
0	It's hard to tell the difference between someone being naive, and someone being manipulative.   In every relationship both parties want something from the other. No exceptions. It can be good, and it can be bad; but I would say the most important part is being honest about it.   For instance, alot of people would deny judging others on appearances, but it is the first thing we all do. It may be their actual body, how they dress, how they carry themselves, or more likely a combination of all three. Then we make assumptions about each other: are they nice, honest, and what do they want from me. Then we communicate by trying to figure out what the other person thinks you are thinking. Alot of people fuck up here since they only have one reference (themselves).  From there it goes all directions of crazy.   I live in a cold world full of beauty...   In my own relationships I just try to be honest to myself about the assumptions I make, and honest to others about my intentions. Like if I see a beautiful girl doing something i enjoy also I just say, "Hi. You're very beautiful and I too enjoy  __ . I would like for us to get to know each other," and I've had more than one laugh and say that had a boyfriend. Which is all cool, because then we all know where each other stand and can get on doing the activities we enjoy. As for jealous boyfriends: that's a personal issue for them and is usually cleared up over a brew.   An interesting book on these topics is  The Four Loves  by C. S. Lewis. Yes, he is theologian and the book comes from a christian perspective, it has alot of sound concepts and I would encourage you to have an open mind. Ironically, C. S. Lewis is what made me question my own religious raising and cast aside theism. Religion is just stories stolen from poets. Now I am rambling...
0	Well I guess that's your thoughts on the matter.   I have a sister who lives in a different country then me,  that I have seen twice in the last 3 years.  My almost 2 year old nephew only once. She posts funny pictures or videos of new words he says almost daily because a large part of her family isn't there to watch him grow up.  Sometimes there is a lot,  but I don't sit their thinking I'm going to unfriend her. Especially when their is a do not follow button,  and it's my choice to have her updates on my stream.  I know she doesn't post pictures of my nephew for her friends for likes or attention ,  she posts them for our dad (who lives in the same area as me and sees them as much as me) and her siblings.   Anyway,  this is just my experience and I Know it varies.
0	Went to see Lucy and The Purge 2 double feature at the drive-in. Halfway through The Purge a kid in a car near us starts making all kinds of noise, crying and shit.  Parents make meager attempts to quiet him.  Then about 4 or 5 times this happened, the radio in their car suddenly turns to a different station.  Mexican radio, talk radio, classical, country...must have been the kid.   Eventually we hear him crying more and saying "owww" (parents trying to quite him down again).  Yeah, this kids gonna grow up to be just fine.
0	Fiances mother had a habit of putting bleach in the toilet and leaving it there hours. One day she forgot to tell me and I was in a hurry. Midway through pissing there's this loud fizzing noise and then my lady parts are burning and then I can't breath. I quickly flush and get the hell out of there. Worst sore throat ever for the next 3 days.
1	There's nothing wrong with disagreeing with Riot's marketing scheme, and if a lot of people feel the same way about it, there's nothing wrong with everybody voice their opinion. I think a lot of people are feeding off the energy that we have an entire subreddit of people that for the most part feel that it's a stupid idea that we have to "rent" skins because a lot of people were looking forward to it, and then we feel cheated.
0	I ordered something from Macy's guaranteed delivered by Christmas Eve.  Call FedEx at 4:00 pm because my package was marked for delivery this afternoon.   Local depot marked my address as a business that was closed, and will try redelivering on Friday.  Local depot wouldn't answer for me, or for the national line.  Operator said he'd put in a ticket, mark it priority, and that the local depot would call me by 8:00 pm at the latest.   Joke is on Macy's of all places, because it was their guarantee.  I'll get my package plus a gift card for the full value of the item.
1	only buying hp will make the enmy adc crit 800s+ and botrk % dmg on you and you have no boots to even get close them him.   Also you have to invest a little bit of gold to get that much hp.   Also it does 1760 physical dmg on a full hp target ( the adc will be full hp if volibear manages the flash ontop of them because his spells/aas dont hurt) without armor.   by the time a volibear could get all that stuff its probably lategame so the enemy adc will be lvl 18.   lets look at the math:   lvl 18 lucian has 73 if im corrent. and a lategame adc usually builds a GA which is another 50 armor. with flat armor seals he gets another 9 armor, so he has 132 armor at lvl 18 with a ga and armor seals.   the dmg gets reduced by 100/(100+armor), which means in this case:   100/(100+132) = 0,43 -> he only deals  43%  of the actual dmg,   this is in our case ( asuming /u/narokai is right) 1,760 * 0,43 =  756  dmg.   Lucian has 1830 base HP at lvl 18. probably the +36 flat and the +3% maxhp from masterys so he ends up having 1921hp.   Not very impressive to give up all defensive stats/mobility/cc just to deal not even half of the adcs hp, which the adc can heal up on you because you have almost no armor.
0	I'm a (straight) bouncer at a gay bar. For me, being a "fag" is not just flamboyancy and fashion. I notice that a lot of people considered to be "fags" are also rude, elitist, and have generally bad attitudes.   PS:  Forgot to mention that they also have a habit of fucking in the bathroom.
1	Well, they actually cared, because Brand's E can't be dodged, so if the range diff with, say Karthus' Q is 75 instead of 125, your window of time available to dodge his skill (delayed, unlike yours) is reduced a lot, so it will become more of a trade.   Be aware that most of the higher ranged mid champions have said range on skillshots, not point and click like Brand's E, thus you have more chance to dodge their skills while using yours if the range gap is low.   For example, Brand is/was known as a counterpick to Annie. Now he's going to eat Annie Q everytime, assuming a guaranteed stun more reliable than Brand's it really hurts his laning against Annie.   In the Ryze example, you have to take into account that Ryze is not a burst mage, but a DPS one, and if you take his W, you are going to eat some dodgeballs and pretty big damage, not just his W damage.
1	Personally, I think it helps a lot. I played with level 30 friends when I was level 5-10ish until I was level 30. At first, when still learning you may get stomped, but the more you play, the more you will learn. Going up against people that know what they are doing is challenging as a newbie at first, but you improve a lot fast. I would usually play with my lvl30 friends, but when I played on my own around lvl20-25ish, I would end up carrying my team hard.
1	This. He may end up getting frustrated just because of the skill gap. He won't be  mad  at you, but you two may end up in a fight that goes about like this; "IM TRYING MY BEST" - " I KNOW. JUST DONT X" - "whats x?" -" OMG."   :|
0	I wish I could introduce you to my friend Adam.  He's by far one of the coolest people I've ever had the pleasure of knowing.  He came out to us about ten years ago (I'm 31 now).  His being gay only made a difference in the fact that he would bring another guy along when a bunch of us did couples things together.  Adam is funny and outgoing and makes everyone around him laugh and smile because he's such a great person to be around.   While I know and have met a number of gay people that are complete and total douches, some of them are no different than the straight bro douches, except they fancy other men.
1	The first time I started disliking TSM is when Reginald made that youtube video about being stuck in elo hell. I watched all the shit with TRM go down on stream and I watched the scapegoating happen and i didnt like the team any more for that. I thought the team was good through season 2 because they weren't really in the spot light and I liked oddone and chaox. then s3 happened and I didnt like chaox because of the shit he did in anaheim. good on tsm for getting rid of him after that. I thought wildturtle was pretty similar in playstyle from what I saw in soloqueue so I didn't like that decision. then reginad went from coach manager player owner to just coach manager owner. I thought of the four roles he did for TSM his playing was far from the weakest so I respect TSM for trying to delegate responsibility but hate the fact that there's never been responsibility. As someone whose personality is a lot like Dyrus, it made my blood boil when reginald abused him on stream that one time. I felt really bad for dyrus. I don't like other TSM management for not doing anything about that. I don't like how people think bjergsen is that good. he isnt a cut above the rest if it werent for his jungler that sets up shop in almost every game. same with reginald back in season 2 I guess. I dont like TSM for that. I dont like TSM for getting rid of Xpecial before they had a decent person to fill his shoes, it seemed impulsive. I dont like reginald for calling monte out on those 2 occasions, the second time with new coach locodoco. Reginald should have been punished harshly by riot games for that. I dont like bjergsen because he cant follow contract rules and poaches players. I dont like how dyrus has handled the whole "i get camped a lot" thing. In the past if he knew he was gonna go against pressure he picked people who could apply pressure throughout a camp like kayle and vlad. now he just plays supports and tanks, one dimensional champions and then wonders why he is so limited when he is getting towerdove.  he gets all angry and says "i jsut want to play league of legends" like playing a strategic role is not playing the game. If he wants to just kill things and farm and have his jungler gank for him he should join a challenger team, in TSM that player is bjergsen and that's probably not going to change. In the highest level of the game playing strategically is a lot better than just farming and killing things, no one should disagree with this, but when you say playing strategic tops is a lot better than playing ones that farm and kill things , suddenly top lane is an oppressed group that never can even play the game? definitely dont agree with dyrus on that one
0	Am I the only one that quit smoking and is not counting the days?  I quit smoking sometime this year (~6 months ago) after working in the life insurance industry and finding out how much is the difference in cost to insure a smoker and a non smoker.  I'm someone that loves to get the lowest cost on anything and everything, so when I saw that I was like "fuck this shit" and quit after about 10 years of smoking.  Only the first 2 days were hard, now I can't even smell cigarette smoke 'cause it gives me a headache when before I would love the smell.
1	You forgot "
0	can confirm, women = crap drivers. lent my mother my car, she called me for directions twice, couldn't tell me which way she was facing, so i could tell her which way to turn, called me 3rd time had been hit by another truck.
0	Excuse me, but, since when is >I, myself, enjoyed the sensation I felt after smoking a bit of this stuff myself. So, too, did my roommates. Generally, we threw in on a bag here and there.   considered well written? Look, I don't even have to try to FTFY: I enjoyed smoking a bit of the stuff myself, as did my roommates. We generally threw in together for bags.   ProTip: If it sounds more complicated than it needs to, it's not good writing.
0	The exact opposite thing happened to me once. Saw a black guy standing outside his car in my entirely white and mostly retired Jewish affluent neighborhood around 2 AM. Asked him "everything OK?" He said "Yeah." I replied "Because it looks like you've got a flat."   This story isn't about breaking down stereotypes, though. He then sheepishly admitted that he didn't know how to change a flat and that he didn't have a jack or a tire iron, although he did have a donut. First I had to help him remove the massive subwoofer from his trunk, then I showed him how to loosen the lugs, raise the car, and swap in the donut, using my own jack and tire iron. I laughed because there was a bowl (pipe) in his trunk, which he said he'd been looking for recently. After I finished changing the tire, we had to put the subwoofer back in, which was its own mini-project.   As a thank you, he offered me a bag of weed, which I politely declined. While we conversed he mentioned that he had been arrested 14 times, all for marijuana except twice for assault. As we said our goodbyes he said he was surprised that no one called the police, implying that he knew he was in a neighborhood full of uptight white racists. Rightly so apparently, because barely two minutes after he left, a marked cruiser arrived and the officer asked me, still outside my property smoking a cigarette, if I saw the vehicle in question. I said I had been outside for a while and saw nothing out of the ordinary and the officer left without double checking.
1	Has the "Loss Forgiven" been completely forgotten by Riot?   I had a friend playing a ranked game, and 9 of the players disconnected simultaneously. The one lone guy pushed down 3 towers before the opposing team returned. They then quickly killed the lone guy and pushed all the way back to win the game, all before the 20 minute mark. (To point out, my friend was in the winning team.)   Because of these circumstances I decide to look into if the losing team got "loss forgiven". But alas, they received a normal defeat, accompanied by a nice loss of ELO (thanks lolking.com for the info!).   Not five minutes later, Riot have posted a forum thread about the issue and put the notification in the launcher that the problem is already being worked on. Now correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't this Exactly what the "loss forgiven"-button was designed for? It's been ages since I saw it used now, and given the Major issues on EUW I'd really expect to see it more often.
1	Chuosta if I could say one thing, when all your comments are getting down-voted, we're talking 10+ atm, you should probably just stop. All your doing is giving more material to the majority who dispute your opinion. Additionaly the Unskilled Player report does almost nothing. And using one of your points if your bad with a Champion cause your first timing it then maybe practicing against easier opponents will help.
1	1000 stores is impossible and leads me to believe this is fake. The truth of the matter is: Internet cafes are that profitable, especially ones that run high end equipment. I use to work at an internet cafe and I will say this: PEOPLE ARE ASSHOLES. They steal keyboards, they fuck computers up (on purpose sometimes for sure too.) They pay for like 7 hours of internet and then SLEEP there. There's the porno perverts. You don't want to ever use the netcafe bathroom either (Gross beyond words)   It's just not a very profitable venture + it's so much grief even if you can manage to turn a slight profit. I live in Canada's biggest city (Toronto: Population 2.5M directly in Toronto and another 3M in the greater Toronto area) if net cafes barely make any money here, they're sure as hell not going to make big profits in small rural area's (unless they have some kind of monopoly on the internet.)
1	People who excessively report have no gravitas in the system. A report from someone who RARELY reports has significantly increased weight than someone who spams reports every game. If they spam reports, the reports won't truly count towards a person getting sent to the tribunal.
0	I have 20 minutes until I have to go. So here's a short *Apologia" of "old dead books."   We are not merely inheriting a set of skills, but an entire cultural tradition. "Old dead books" represent some of the biggest ideas of the culture behind us and knowing them helps us understand how we arrived in the world today.   Literary analysis is a superior way than merely focusing on "grammar and composition" (though that is likewise important) because it requires attention to the  ideas  which form the society we see around us today. And we see it argued in ways beyond purely logical arguments (after all, we don't live in a world where arguments are made only by logical statements!).   For example, take T.S. Eliot's  The Wasteland . It's a poem which reflects the perceived complete breakdown of order post-war. It reflects post-war nihilism. But it doesn't just  say  it. The poem itself is disjointed. The narrator is insane and identifies with a multitude of impossible illusions and persons. The poem just doesn't SAY that the idea that there can never be perfect communication between SIGNIFIER and SIGNIFIED has rocked Greco-Roman/ Christian assumptions of the universe which have been a staple of Western Civilization for centuries, Eliot SHOWS it through the structure of the poem which is highly complex, rich with cultural allusion, and disjointed AS WELL as through the content-- the bodies on the bridge appearing like dead people, the pollution and corruption of sexualities, the loss of fertility in the characters, the turning to Tarot cards and quack spirituality of the protagonist, etc.   In this way, literature attunes us not merely to arguments but nuance, cultural ideas, and the world not only "of the mind" but "of the mind of the past." We are challenged to enter others' points of view and  imagine  what it may have been like in that post-war period in England where every intellectual foundation one had relied upon seemed to be falling apart.   Finally, read some of the best "composition" out there. The most influential arguments-- The Declaration of Independence or John Milton's "Areopagitica" arguing for freedom of the press. They're not bereft of cultural and literary allusion! Far from it! Their assumptions are GIANTS in the Western tradition but studying literature is one of the  WAYS  we see the development of those ideas living and breathing (and in that way, it's probably a bit ironic you call the books "dead").     We see criticism of the American Dream in  The Great Gatsby .     We see a response to American racism and prejudice in "Huck Finn" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"     We see rationalism, atheism, and "realism" in the post-Civil war period in Stephen Crane's short story "The Open Boat".     We see what the Transcendetal movement is all about in Thoreau and Whitman.       (Sorry I'm using all American examples! But I hope you get the point.)   These things are not antithetical to composition and grammar but  understanding  them and arguing for them is a way in which we can practice our rhetorical skills and our grammar and composition through refining said argument.   Is this done perfectly? No. Unfortunately, too many teachers use multiple-choice plot-based test for their literature courses. I think it is best that they be taught in conjunction with written and spoken arguments (and spoken arguments unfortunately have been much ignored, lots of people cannot articulate an argument).   With attention, and increased weight given to, standardized testing (at least in the United States), it's becoming a bit more difficult to move away from the standardized test model. That, rather than the study of literature, is more of an enemy to a good understanding of composition and good argumentation.
1	Not sure why Riot refuses to global ban champions in both solo queue and competitive play. If a champion reaches a certain ban rate clearly there's something wrong with the design. 6 bans is pretty pathetic for 117 champs as is. Add in the fact that red side is forced to ban Kassadin they may as well have 2 bans per game.
1	You never said it explicitly, I'll give you that, but in that first post you described healer gameplay as "hindering their opposing team's" and phrased that sentence in a way that gave it what I felt to be a negative connotation.   I then said I was under the assumption that that was the point of support, to hinder the other team's gameplay, "to prevent the other team from playing how they want to," which often involves disruption, whether it be in the form of disrupting farming (harass), disrupting escapes/chases (movement modifiers), disrupting damage (healing, shields), etc. Summarily, there are ways to prevent the game from going exactly the way the other team wants it to, besides just healing, all of which fall under the umbrella of supporting your teammates. Ergo, supporting is not just healing (I'm just repeating myself here because I've always wanted to say "ergo").   You then disagreed with me, saying that "the point of [a] support is...to support his team members." This is where I started to think that your definition of support was limited to healing, because of a convoluted chain of logic that I will do my best to put into words. You said that healers hindered the other team's gameplay, which I took as healing = hindering = disruption = support. When I said the point of support was "to prevent the other team from playing how they want to," I was referring to all disruption that could be considered support, so when you disagreed with me and said supports support, that combined with your first post about healers hindering gameplay (and therefore being supports) was what led me to believe that you thought only healers were supports.   When all is said and done, though, I think the root of all this is just an issue of semantics, an error on my part. When you referred to healers hindering gameplay, you were probably not talking about preventing the game from going the way the other team wanted it to, as in disruption that I would consider supportive in nature; you probably meant that healers made the gameplay boring, passive, and not really any fun. Everything started when I made this error, because my post led to another misunderstanding, where you thought I was saying that the point of support was to make gameplay boring, passive, and not really any fun. And that led to ANOTHER error, where, due to the reasoning in the paragraph immediately above this one, I thought you were saying that only healers were supports.
1	It isn't being outplayed though. If someone is trolling you in champion select then your chances of losing are going up drastically, you could say that the same thing is going on for the other team but the fact is it is happening on your team. Drafting has nothing to do with someone who que's for ranked without proper knowledge of the summoners code, disregard for the team, and more importantly just really are assisting the enemy team.   -I know it's a scary thing but you have to implement change at some point and Riot will not do it without the community backing. They do not need to because they have their pro's and their show, I made 1.8k elo and they do not care if you or anyone else does because they have their show. I personally want to see more decent players at their true elo, I know alot of guys who go in a game raging and I just say "Hey, I will help you get some elo." Then I proceed to by duoing and working with them and they really aren't bad players it's the fact that they are under so much stress from losing because of a good player at a high elo who knows they can get away with trolling a game that someone who is trying to dig themselves up out of to become a serious player and working really hard to.   -A system like that doesn't need to  distinguished between a good or bad players that is for the community to decide. That is how the tribunal works, that is just how the game works, and it won't be changing anytime soon. If you walked into a match(ranked) and started flaming people, everyone in that match will remember you and if they see you again they will think (if not say) "This guy is bad news, someone dodge." Yes, it's scary to think that if you pick a champion that is unorthodox that you will be kicked, but I've picked karma mid and tell my team "Look at my stats I got this." They don't dodge and we win! It is all about what someone else feels comfortable with that helps you win the game.
0	Does anyone know what the illegal immigration policies are in Mexico?   [ Sigh ](   There are (at least) two glaring problems with your post.   1.You seem to suggest Mexican immigrants here had something to do with creating Mexico's laws. If they had the power to create such policies, they would be running Mexico (and getting rich by doing so), not living in the US illegally.   2.By pointing out Mexico's laws, you single out the Mexicans. Which is no surprise to any intelligent, reasonable person who knows even a little about this issue. Nobody gets up in arms about any other unpunished misdemeanors. It's entirely about the Hispanics and has little to nothing to do with legality. If it did, we would see these pro-Arpaio, pro-SB1070 rubes marching for harsher punishment of speeders, underage drinkers and petty thieves. Or how about the [punishment of sex criminals](   Arizona's law is [for profit]( and written by some [bigot working for a bigot group that tries to pass off as legitimate]( These are facts.   Your "point" is entirely irrelevant. Defending shitty US policies by pointing at dogshit Mexico's shitty policies is like justifying date rape by pointing out your victim's father is a rapist. Until you stop making such moronic comments, do not expect to be taken seriously.
1	Garen isn't op at all. He has a strong lane phase against certain champs or people who have no clue how to fight him. He has to build tanky to remain relevant in the late game, and even then, it's not like he's a late game terror or anything, he can just tank for days.   By contrast, Jayce or Jax also have scary lane phases, but if they go 3/0 or better in lane your whole team will start to fidget in their seats because they don't wanna deal with their teamfight power.
0	Exactly! I acted socially awkward all my life and wanted to change that. Then I learned to not give a fuck and it actually helped. I got plenty of friends, including female ones, when I just stopped caring. I still act pretty awkward, but then I always think to myself: I will probably never meet 99% of these people again for the rest of my life.   For example, when I accidentally hold the door open for someone who is actually way too far away. I realized, I will never meet that person again and he will forget this ever happened in 2 minutes. I proceed to hold the door open for him, smiling my face off. This has actually gained me a couple of smiles from girls.   Or when a waitress tells me to enjoy my meal and I say "you too". I just break out laughing and proceed to not give a damn.
1	I think the problem that causes this is not actually a misunderstanding of the word "intentionally," but rather that many people only see the first 5 report options. I know i didn't notice the small scroll bar on the side of the report choices at first. When a player aids the enemy team in a way that does not meet the other four options, it makes sense that intentionally feeding would be the only remaining category to explain their actions.
1	There is a difference between AFK and disconnecting.   Disconnecting is due to uncontrollable circumstances.  Also there is a person behind the screen, people have lives too. Unless it is clear that they left the game with full intent because they simply didn't want to carry on then  yeah, I agree with you.
1	If you want in depth explanations for both matchups, check out goldfather8's guide to riven on solomid.net. I can't access it right now but I will link it when I can get into the site.  Until then, I'll do my best to explain both. Olaf is actually a manageable lane for Riven (let's be honest, all lanes are for her). The key is baiting and timing your e in such a way as to blow his e for free, as well as to make him spend mana, because this is what you have over him - you outsustain him as a non-mana based champion. Be very careful about all inning him, as he can fight back very well. A trick you can use, should an all in go awry, is to flash out after he exhausts, pops ult, or what have you. As he chases (and he will chase), wait until his ult, w, or whatever else he popped drops, and turn on him with your full combo. The lane requires you to outplay him, but it is definitely playable.   As far as Garen, again you will want to abuse your e as much as possible. Make sure to use it before his silence lands, and kite out of his spin as quickly as you can. The goal here is to bait out his skills before going on him with your standard harass combo (1 q in, w, finish q combo, e out), and if you can do this more than once then the lane will begin to move in your favor. Be very careful when he hits level 6 though.Once you have farmed a bloodthirster, you will begin winning the lane, but it is still very difficult depending on how Garen chooses to build.
0	Haha, I worked with road construction, so I'm all for this! :D (archaeological oversight, but because of how it's organized, we always knew total cost of investment).   Fuck, man - whenever someone is bitching in my presence about "why won't they just fix them the damn roads?" too insistently - I just tell them how much it costs per km built (of like really shitty 2 lane road, nothing fancy). Has not failed to shut people up yet.   FYI this is being done in EU whenever EU pays for  anything . There's a huge-ass sign saying what fund it came from, what was the total cost, and how much EU pitched in.  Every. Single. Investition.
0	Actually we are all Homo Sapien originated from Africa and some of us were mixed with Homo Neanderthalensis. The genetical difference is too low to speak of race.
0	It's a double edged sword, especially at the intro level courses.   1: Expect most of them to be dumber than rocks. It's not their fault, for the most part they have not been taught how to think critically in High School... so that will be a significant portion of the intro level classes. One example: Intro to chem, lab experiment to measure the density of an egg by measuring the density of the solution it "just floats" in, they hear the instructor talking about weighing measuring the different volumetric devices  to get the mass of the solution. First instruction in the manual " measure out 500mL water and add NaCl until the egg floats between the bottom of the beaker and the top of the solution".... what do they think to do? "Weigh the empty beaker right?" The good part of it is, in lab or group based classes, you have to teach them, and the best way to  really  learn something is to teach / tutor someone else.   2: It gets better once you start getting to 200 level classes.  By then the ones who can't / won't learn to think and the ones who don't even bother to show up to class are weeded out.  300 level classes generally are the dedicated ones who will graduate with you, you probably won't even notice the age gap anymore.
0	Yeah I wish people knew how to deal with it better. My moms friend was pregnant when I was about 8 years old and I remembered her telling us about it when I saw her at one point probably a few months along, and I asked her how she was doing and she got really offended and started tearing up and told said "Actually I just miscarried and I've been having a rough time, so thanks for bringing that up again." Which wasn't too bad but then ever since then, and I'm 23 now, she tells the story to people like I had found out and asked her just to make her depressed.
1	No ranked mode coming.   MWAB's Post:   >Hey dudes,   >Let's chat.   >First off, I want to reiterate what Ghostcrawler said. We won't be removing Dominion nor the Alternate Maps team. We've accomplished a lot this last year with both Dom and TT - They're both in a much better state of balance and overall health than they ever have been.   >Secondly, I'll be frank. Dominion does not have the player base to support a ranked queue right now. It's not a matter of diluting the primary game mode or needing extra dev support, the population just isn't large enough to sustain a healthy queue. How do we know this? Well, we've actually done quite a bit of research on how many players are needed for a healthy queue. When it's not met, we see stuff like increased toxicity, higher turnover, decrease in queue size and a generally degraded play experience. Splitting the already small community into two queues would create a poor experience for both sides. Waiting 30 minutes to play with people with a 500 elo disparity is no fun for anyone.   >
0	Since nobody's replied to you: the difference is that OP is intentionally opening up the possibilty for an accident to happen. If there was an emergency and OP had to brake, the result would doubtless of been the same. But surely you see how these are not the same?   I have no problem with OP trying to get the driver's attention, but doing it in a way that might hurt someone or cause accidents is just ridiculous. Car's come with lights, (highbeam flashes, hazard lights), and a horn. OP could of used these, or his own hands (change lanes) to signal the driver. OP could of called the police and alerted them about this dangerous driver.   But instead OP made a situation where an accident could likely happen. Then holds up his hands and acts like it was justified just because the other driver was being reckless.
1	Gorilla landed some key hooks (while also missing some key hooks and mistiming Zhonya's/GA/Chronoshift deactivations), but I think Zefa was the MVP for effectively muting Alliance from mid-game onward.   Zefa didn't exactly need protecting---he was often on the front-line even with his range (the preemptive shields helped, of course; they gave him more than 1K additional HP, allowing him to gradually take down turrets/inhibitors with impunity). Goes to show how confident his play was, and to be honest, given the precise interweaving between his positioning and AA , his attitude reflected his play.   I don't follow the OGN religiously, so I don't know where Zefa is ranked. Is he considered a top 3-4 ADC in Korea? He certainly impressed me today with his sieging and positional prowess. I would imagine it's something like:     Deft/Imp   Cpt Jack   Zefa
1	You have to make some deterrent against appeal spamming (even if they are limited). The idea of limited appeals doesn't really appeal to me (no pun intended), but you could do what some sporting codes do when a player commits an infraction. They have an unlimited number of appeals, but if they appeal a ban and it fails, then their punishment is made harsher and they are blocked out from appealing again within a certain period of time.   As for everything else, I like it. I'm level 13 and so am a very long way from participating in tribunal, but it is certainly an interesting beast.
1	I'm really not sure what you are trying to accomplish with this post. Why would you play ranked with friends who aren't near your skill level? Ranked is for trying to improve your own play. What are you going to learn playing with lower elo players?   And seriously with the
0	Honestly, I skimmed the link you sent me so this might be wrong. In the examples given in your link, the commas were there because they were in the original quotes. Such as: "blah blah, blah blah" can become "blah blah," said "blah blah." This makes sense because the commas were part of what was being quoted. However, in this case, the commas weren't part of the quotes, but rather were there to separate items in a list, the items being quotes, so because the commas weren't part of the quoted material, they should be outside the quotes.
1	Played together in a custom game with 2 friends of mine, me + 1 friend against the 2nd friend (who introduced us both.) This is the story.   While I was downloading and installing League I was looking at all the champions, read lores etc to see if any champion interested me (there was 40 champions out at the time) I decided to play either Teemo or Nunu, I finally decided to play Nunu when I entered champion select (back then all champions were free and there was no shop system or IP as the game just had been released officially)   I didn't change my summoner spells or anything so I had Revive + Heal and I didn't know about masteries either so I couldn't put my 1 point into the page.   Anyways, I am feeling pumped to play this game as my friends say it's pretty darn fun and I had been skyping with them for a few hours before they convinced me to actually play it so I was pretty darn excited to try it myself, pvp.net minimizes and the League of Legends logo pops up but nothing else, I ask my friends if this is intended and they tell me to be patient, I wait for 2 minutes and my friend finally realizes that you have to install Adobe Air manually to actually play the game. Great to know, thanks. So I hurry and try to get the right version of Adobe air and after a few tries I get it right, but it takes a long time for me to fix it properly.   25 Minutes later I get into the loading screen and I am pumped to play, get into the game and I see our base (it was on Twisted treeline) overflowing with blue minions, including a few bigger ones. I kind of know what my abilities already does as I read about it before so I level up my Consume and get to business, I take agro of one of the big blue guys and actually use my heal just to kill it (with the help of my minions) and I am thrilled so I yell out "I killled you!!" thinking it was my friend who was the big blue dude, turns out it was just a super creep and I had just used 20 seconds to kill it. I get a bit demoralized from this first experience and a few minutes later we lose the game.   Needless to say I am a bit disappointed of the first 5 minutes of playing the game but I say I'll give it 1 more try.   3 years later, over 7000 games and here I am. My second game was obviously much more thrilling than my first was but it's still a good memory. I am very happy to still be a part of this.
1	AS a LoL player since beta and recently active Redditor, i would say the most exciting information/videos i have come across are not the cookie cutter recap videos about what happened each match or each week but the best videos are the ones that get into the players heads explain their thought process in scenarios and just let the community see what its like inside the heads of the pros. Also the recent videos LCS has done, the one with ClakeyD and NickWu, team Curse and Cloud9 letting the viewers get a glimpse of the lives of the pros are great and always popular.
0	I feel since more than one person on facebook could potentially be the philosoraptor. Just because you are one of the many singular, identical, philosoraptors doesn't guarantee that philosoraptor would be you as a human; for there are many different possibilities that can also be philosoraptor, we you, and any one else who took the test, can only be one entity- ie philosoraptor.
1	dont even think about it. everyone knows the tribunal is full of wannabe cops, who like to spam punish at every case.
0	At one point I was concerned that I was pregnant. I do not want children, and I use multiple forms of birth control, I'm just REALLY unlucky.   So, I did my research on abortions to see what I might be getting into. That was the most horrific thing I had ever read. The fact that people willingly go through something so violating is horrifying.   It doesn't help that, at one point, I was forced to have sex by my ex, so I can't be touched by most people anywhere below my waist. I can't imagine how someone gets raped then goes and chooses to be violated again to remove the baby from the rape. It's just so horrifying and terrible, my heart goes out to them.   Edit: Yes, yes, I forgot, how dare I feel violated by the idea of someone opening up my cervix and removing something from my body. I mean, my personal opinions are totally terrible and wrong, just like everyone else's in this thread.   No, it's not going to be violating for everyone, but for ME? It would have been. For me reading about it sent me into a panic attack. For me, getting my papsmear was one of the more painful experiences of my life, so I KNOW how much getting an abortion would hurt. .   Edit Part 2: Yes, yes, you all are all high and mighty for me having a personal issue with getting an abortion because I was raped. Thank you, you have made that VERY clear. I am pro-choice, have no issues with people getting abortions but again, I can't be touched below the waist because I have issues with that PERSONALLY.
1	This may be controversial, but I'm taking a breather, so here goes.   Lore is not, and never will be, the best reason to play League. It's always kind of sucked. The sheer variety of champions, settings, and change means that the lore team will always be relying heavily on tropes, to which we can bring prior understandings. Janna is a particularly familiar trope/cliche- that's why her story sucks. It gives us no new interest or information.   in fact, champions are explicitly built on tropes. When champion designers are asked, "Where did you get inspiration for Lucien (for example,)" they usually respond with something like, "We thought it would be really cool to have a gun templar in the league." Thats a trope, we all recognize it. And thats where any power it might have comes from. Because its certainly not from his 500 word lore page.   Reliance on tropes means that there is less storytelling that needs to be done, because we bring to the characters an understanding of who they are and how they act, gleaned from familiar archetypes and analogues in other media.   But, the kicker is THATS OK. Lore will always, at most, be flavor to add to core gameplay experiences. I'd much rather there be a robust esports scene, good gameplay balance, and a new champ every month or two than a good story. If I want a story, I like to read books. Or watch movies. Both of those media are better for storytelling than (most) videogames, atm. Let alone a MOBA, which as storytelling restrictions inherent to the form.
0	Sophomore year of high school I brought a Rubik's cube to school to look like a baws, even though I had no clue how to do it. My friend (call him Brian) takes it and says he knows how to do it. He spent most of the day trying to do it and couldn't get back into the knack of it. Finally we're sitting at lunch and Brian is still going apeshit on this cube to no avail. I say "just give it up, Brian" and not 3 seconds later he throws it on the table with a hardy 'suck it' face. He spends the next  two weeks  trying to teach me how to do it. Showing me the algorithms, me writing down the steps to the algorithms on a sticky note practicing and trying to get the hang of it, and getting pissed off to no avail. All the while he is bringing his to school showing off that he can do it. I finally came around and got the hang of it and started getting better. We would have races in class (AP class, final exam is 3 weeks before the rest of school ends; we had a lot of free time) and he would beat me every time, stopping and smiling at me as I would finish. One day I finally beat him and went crazy jumping around cheering (it got to the point where the whole class would watch our races) and high fiving people. I go over to Brian and thank him for teaching me, and he gives the most badass response ever: he put his hands together, squinted his eyes and did a little bow, uttering  "You have completed your training, grasshoppa. Use your powers only for good, never for evil."
1	Basically, the more unexperienced/young the player, the more he is likely to believe in some form of "KS" or another. Younger players are selfish and entitled, and will always view themselves as "deserving" the kills on any fight they are involved in.   More experienced players will understand that this is how the game flows. Ultimately, with more experience, you will learn to even "Donate" kills to champions that benefit or snowball more effectively, but the whole "KS" dimension disappears.
0	Thank you.   I first saw that there were 2 seasons, and was excited after watching a few episodes, they really had some good stuff, and having more is simply awesome.   But, then they go from "heres a 40 minute long episode tying together a specific theme each episode about States history, with interesting information and context" to "well, lets just make a 20 minute quiz show and ask a few random strangers some trivia questions, since ya know...less work on our part!!"
1	M5 said they had that problem, they also said that this effectively costed them some online tournaments ... i guess CLG.eu at same situation now, they have to choose now, risk small online tournament and save special tactics to big offline one, or other way around. I think M5 did the right choice there, and go the glory of winning IEM Kiev and Hanover. iam sure if they spoiled their super aggressive jungle play before Kiev people would of been prepared better... of it they spoiled their crazy 1v2 urgot bot play ..
0	Well, there's a cut-off point.   On the one hand, just meeting a girl in the club and dancing with her doesn't really mean you gotta know if she was always a girl. You don't ask random club-goers what STD's they have, or how many sexual partners, or even if they have some family history of diseases or are of a certain ethnic descent. If you're shallow enough that you have to know what was 'twixt their legs at birth before you'll even dance with them, I see that as your problem.   If you've gotten to the bedroom and THEN you find out, though... well, I consider it important enough to share something like that with a partner  BEFORE  you start any serious hanky-panky. It's kind-of slutty to hook up with someone without getting to know them, or letting them get to know you.   Of course, in the future, all things optimal, nobody'd ever know the difference. Ideal treatment for transgender is complete and total surgical and therapeutic alteration to match the 'preferred' gender. Obviously, such treatment isn't currently feasible, but that's not to say it never will be. At that point, if you're still going on about the differences, I'd say you have a mental issue of your own.
1	I can't believe you people even think this kind of crap is acceptable. I'm going to get downvoted for this rant but I don't care.   So you're coming up with a change that would totally redefine how we see a champion? (in this case: Diana) That's fucking great! But what is your reasoning for this? Most champion change suggestions come when a champion is completely inside of the current champion selection meta.  This is due to everyone claiming that said champion is Overpowered, when in reality they merely counter the previous champion selection meta. So if it's not because Diana is overpowered, it must be because you think she is UNDERpowered. Hahahahahahahahah, oh wait you're serious. Hold on... let me laugh harder. Diana's capacity to gank low level is only limited by your poor imagination on how to use her skills. Which is also the reason that shyvana jungle hasn't been a thing until people actually started using it for her jungle clear and discovered that her ganks are actually fine even pre 6. The same is true with diana. You just have to think outside the box when it comes to ganks (God forbid).   Now, on the subject of what you want to change... Making her R her E would make her incredibly mobile and counterless at level 3 unless she received some serious changes to her damage scaling, which would make her feel completely different as a champion. Furthermore the range would definitely be decreased.   and having her E be her R well you essentially ensure that it be at least as powerful as an orianna ult in damage and ulility... BASICALLY MAKING IT AN ORIANNA ULT. >:( I assume the only reason you would think this ability as her ult would be a good idea would be for the ult synergy. Newsflash: She already has great ult synergy. Ever heard of a champion called Yasuo?
0	One of my dad's old bosses took his wife, her son, and his two kids to McDonald's one night after some event or another. They all wanted to get home after a long day so they just utilized the drive-thru. They place the order: three hamburger happy meals, a number one, and a 6 piece nuggets. They pay, get their food, and drive home.   Now this man, while brilliant with investments, had either no common sense or something. They drive 45 minutes home to the otherside of town, passing FOUR OTHER MCDONALD'S LOCATIONS THAT WERE ALSO OPEN, go inside their house, sit the kids down at the table, and open up the order. They're missing a happy meal.   He gets upset he didn't get the food he paid for. So he pulls out the phone book, looks up the location they'd visited, and calls. He asks for the manager, explains the situation, to which the manager apologizes and offeres to have an entire order ready for them. He declines because it's such a long drive and states he only wishes to speak with the person who handed out the order. He was calm the entire time so, possibly due to his calmness or the ineptitude of the manager on duty, they put him in the phone with this 16 year old girl who handed him his food.   "Yes, my name is (redacted). I came through your drive-thru with my wife and our three kids. We've had a very long day, my kids are hungry, I'm hungry, my wife is hungry, amd we're all extremely tired. Your locarion is 45 minutes away from our house, so driving back out there is currently beyond my means. So what I wamt you to do, to make this entire scenario better, is to get on the phone with my kids, and tell them which one isn't going to eat dinner tonight and why."   He then handed the phone to his son.   Having worked fast food for over ten years, I can honestly tell you those are the kinds of people that call.   Edit:
1	I feel like a reward system like this would drive people to play certain champions to get rewards that they really want, someone could want a Kha'zix icon but they're pure rubbish at Kha'zix, so they try to get better and end up costing many people either promotions games or what ever else. Though this issue wouldn't be a problem in normal's but if they did that there'd be a ranked version of these rewards which as i said could/will cost people time and wins.
1	I've actually built this item against Elise few times and almost every time I end up playing Shyvana.   Against Elise I did because she was able to avoid my full burst as Talon and I would end up dying to her spiders mostly. Thus having the aoe melee damage, I could mop the floor with her spiders with few AAs on Elise itself. It felt good.   As for Shyvana, it's mostly the only AD item I ever build on her and usually Hydra upgrade comes later into the game. Rest of the items I go tanky and beefing up her, hydra alone gives her all the damage output she needs. Although it is sometimes a debate in SR to figure which way I should go first. Defensive or offensive...   What I'm curious though, is how this item works with Nasus. Haven't tried it myself, but I'm wondering if Q farms up from all the killed minions in it's active and whatnot.
0	Something similar happened to me in both 5th and 3rd grade. They were both extremely bias against the boys. The 5th grade teacher harassed us, the 3rd grade teacher humiliated and disciplined us.   Our 3rd grade teacher had favorites, of which I was one at the beginning of the year, but somehow that changed. Soon I was the bad kid who was blamed as the ringleader for the 3rd grade boys. It got to the point where she would make me change clothes for gym in the same room as her while she watched, which was really traumatic for me because I have bad social anxiety. She said I would cause too much trouble if i was left to change with the other boys, and would give me detention if I refused to change out of my uniform for gym. She's dead now, of old woman syndrome.   My 5th grade teacher was just generally biased against boys. She once lined us all up and made us tell the class if we were circumcised or not. She wouldn't let us leave the room until all boys answered. This was a catholic school, so those who were not circumcised were seen as outliers, and the whole school quickly knew. I was sad knowing that one of my close friends was now being made fun of because he had to tell a bunch of 5th grade girls that his penis looked different. This same teacher also told me I would go to hell because I went to church with my episcopalian father. When I told my dad all of this, he came into school and shamed our teacher into tears. Literal, glorious tears.   I'm now a 23 year old agnostic who hates authority. Thanks school! I grew up fast.
1	I beg to differ. KR side did managed to execute with sheer composure and elegance tho. In fact almost every player in KR side out skilled and out played in the matches in terms of vital aspects. I have to emphasize again, the word is almost.   We got to give the accurate and right criticism and not make ourselves feel better by giving nonsensical bias remarks. It just simple spawns a coherent town hall of self delusional individuals and actually start to drift away from the planes of reality. The reality where we need to pull up our socks in order to once again brand ourselves as the top dogs in this game.
0	You must keep your eyes on the target, which in this case is their eyes. They won't be able to see you with their shit eyes, and you get off scot-free when they can't identify you. No sex offender list, no one shits themselves, you hit the crazy lady with some shit karma. Boom!
1	Not only during dead time. Without those Casters (and I mean THE Casters) matches wouldn't be as enjoyable.   Starting with their "homely" humour. They toss jokes around like they gathered for some friendly watching and whisky. They also use a lot of reddit/"mainstream" jokes about teams/players (like "60 minut EG games"). Today's "best" atm would be "a little Cyanide and his baby face" made by Deman but Joe Miller's high pitched voice is there, too.   Next, they ask good questions and let players to be "man of a show". It is a prop to not only Casters but also players.   Long story short (
1	1st Round   mMe 2-0 TSM. This is where I predict an upset. TSM will simply not try hard enough to win, they seem way too over-confident right now and I think mMe is good enough to punish that.   Curse 2-0 TSM Evo. Evo is simply not playing that well right now, Curse is the strongest they have ever been.   CLG 2-1 Legion. Legion was good at IPL Facedown but they seem wealer now, and CLG doesn't seem that strong right now either, But I expect CLG to be able to perform much better against NA teams then against the Asian teams they have been playing against. Every one of CLG's lanes is mechanically better than Legion's, especially bot lane, and I don't think legion have a good enough cheese strat to overcome that, but they might, so I predict a 2-1.   Dig 2-0 TD. Dig has said they where holding back at Raleigh, and they still beat TD in 2 out of 3 Bo3's at Raleigh. I think when Dig is not holding back, TD will simply not stand a chance.   semi finals   Curse 2-1 mMe. Curse beat mMe at Raleigh, and I think they can do it again at PAX, but this has the potential to be an amazing series and could go either way.   Dig 2-1 CLG. This one is tough to call, and is sure to be a good series, but Dig seems a bit stronger than CLG at the moment so I think they will win. But still, it will be close.   3rd place  CLG  ?-? mMe. this one is far too tough to call, I think CLG has a slight edge, but mMe is still a strong team and definitely has the potential to beat CLG.   finals   Curse 2-1 Dig. Again, really tough to call, but I feel like curse deserves to finally get a lan win after having the MLG win stripped from them so I give this to curse.
0	this entire thing is only two sentences.  U high?   I'm too old for Miley, I'm too old for Selena, but goddammit I'm not too old for
0	I would say a few things. First, I would note that I generally would prefer less choice when it comes to the logistics of my life--I would often rather be in a situation where I receive benefits that I am certain are of at least moderate quality without having to spend a lot of time weighing opportunity costs and wading through the details of the 30 page contracts of 30 different companies.   More significantly, though, I would suggest that security services are unlike other services in that they do not just provide benefits to the subscriber, but impose costs on unrelated third parties. You as a consumer might well benefit from hiring a force that is known to occasionally deploy excessive force or harsh interrogation techniques of suspects. But as someone who might be walking down the street and harassed by your hired goons, I might have a conflicting interest. It is in this sense that I would rather have there be some sort of neutral third party rather than for-hire security.   And, just out of curiosity, I would love to know more about the details of private security. Say that you suspect I have stolen some property of yours. Can your security forces detain me? Do I have to respond to their questions? Do I or those who were at the scene have to provide evidence? Say the thief dropped their wallet and a bystander picked it up. Do they have to turn over that evidence to you for inspection? Even if it isn't clear that it is actually the thief's wallet?
0	OP, I think you did right. That project was absolutely developmentally appropriate for a six year-old, and the correct call. Having said that, I'm going to put up a limited defense of "projects done with parents' help." My mom helped me a LOT with science fair projects, and those experiences made me love science.   I should preface that my mom was NOT overly involved in general with my homework. My dad was dying from cancer when I was 8-11, so most of her concentration was on that. But she is a professor of medicine and an NIH-funded researcher, so helping me with science projects was more like a carpenter teaching her kid to build a chair than a parent doing my homework for me. It was like showing me how her job worked.   There's a difference between a parent doing your work for you, and your parent acting as a one-on-one teacher. I did a small-scale epidemiological study when I was  twelve  for Pete's sake, a questionnaire sent across three local schools and evaluated for statistical significance by chi-square. Clearly I did not do that work all by myself. But I learned so much from that experience: the importance of having controls, sources of data bias like selection bias from voluntary questionnaire responses. I made a science poster and learned how to practice and give a presentation that concisely explained my project and its results. I learned how statistical significance is crucial to good data, and how, if you end up with a null result from that statistical significance, you will get second place but not actually win the science fair because positive results are sexier than negative ones.   That was my mom helping me, but it wasn't her doing a project for me. That's an approach a lot of parents take, and it's faster for the parent, but it doesn't teach your kid anything. Instead, she poured tons of time into taking responsibility for my education by teaching me herself. I learned more about science from her help than I ever would have by designing a developmentally-appropriate project myself. It was freaking awesome.
0	It's not a military presence China would be worried about, it's a culture presence, or a democracy presence, or a freedom presence.  Regardless of what you think of repression in western democracies, it's undeniable that we in the US are MUCH more free than they are in China.  While yes, all of those locations are nearby, none of them share a land border with China.  If DPRK went to war with the US, SK, Japan, and invariably the rest of NATO, not only would we win, we'd begin a reunification process that would unite the two Koreas into one Best Korea which would probably have a democratic rule and plenty of freedoms, plus a  land border with China .  That's what people think China would be worried about.   However, I don't think that that worry, which could be assuaged in a number of ways (closing the border?  Giving people a little more freedom?) and would be relatively minor seeing as the land border is already quite small between China and Best Korea.  On the other hand, backing DPRK would have massive economic backlash.  Remember what I said about going to war with the US and NATO?  There goes good economic relations between China's two biggest export partners: US and the EU.  Such a collapse in relations would likely lead to China's economy tanking, and would also have adverse effects on US and EU residents as well, likely causing prices on common items like clothes and electronics to skyrocket.
1	I always liked the concept of Shen as a tank, instead of being this giant wall or incredibly magical being or an undead monster or a suit or armor; Shen is a "normal" man/ninja he tanky because he protects his friends, his ideals, "justice and peace." Shen is the quintessential opposite of his rival Zed (Mr. Kill the weak, chaos, shadows, death and etc). Shen is a tank by choice protecting his ideals and his friends.
0	One of my favourite lectures when I was at college opened by the teacher explaining how the book we were reading was all about interpretation, and how people can have different opinions of the world around them.   Scribble, scribble, scribble.   He then went on to given a 45 minute talk about the text. "This bit is  important " he'd say, and then detail something which  completely  undermined and misread every portion of the book, even to the extent of making up whole sections. The narrative is all about the protagonists innate sexuality. His desire for fulfillment from his mother. Vengeance for the death of his sister.   But still, the students went  scribble, scribble, scribble.   And at the end, whilst a few of us were giving each other sideways glances, a bit unsure as to whether we'd even read the right text, someone raised their hand. They said, and I quote, "you're talking bollocks, aren't you?" (we were British).   And the teacher replied, "Yes."   A few grumbles, a few complaints, and then he carried on. "Go back and read the bloody book, and don't trust everything an old cunt like me says."
1	That may be. I've put in almost 150 ranked games already.   In regards to playing more, my girlfriend typically works for only 4 hours so I may play two more hours on the weekend than I do on the weekdays.   My main character (Ahri) I have the following average according to my ranked stats:   Wins: 17 | Losses: 19 | Win percentage: 47.2% | Average Kills per game: 5.6 | Average Deaths per game: 3.1 | Average Assists per game: 7.9 | Average CS per game : 143.1   My second character (Rumble) I have the following according to lolking: Wins: 24 | Losses: 16 | Win percentage: 60% | Average Kills per game: 5.6 | Average Deaths per game: 3.8 | Average Assists per game: 7.1 | Average CS per game : 144.9
0	Yea, it's funny how people think this "eye for an eye" adult-child bully logic bullshit is a good thing. Fuck that. It's one thing for a kid to call the rude kid names, but if people think it is good for an adult (authoritive figure) to out and belittle a child, and then agree that doing that is one-upping the "bad parent" , they don't properly comprehend even basic psychology. That child was "dressed" (raised,conditioned) by their parents, if they're  wearing shitty clothes (bad behavior) would belittling their shitty clothes help the child change into something better? No, just like belittling their personality won't change anything either,  you dumb, neurotic asshole . Since you can't change the parent, focus on  your own child , teach your child how to deal with the bullshit in life (rude children, to start), how to speak out, and how to have patience. The bullshit will never go away, so focus on strengthening your own child (like you're supposed to) instead of focusing on the bullshit that knocked 'Em down.
1	EG as in Epik Gamer, not Evil Geniuses. They were an NA team back in season 1 that managed to place quite highly in a few (by standards back then) high-profile tournaments. They were unique in that they basically didn't take the game really seriously; they barely practiced, if at all, and didn't really have set roles, making their games highly entertaining. Dyrus could play jungle (leading to  this , top and AD, Westrice could play AD or top, and Dan to this day is the only player to ever use Heimer professionally. I believe the full roster was Dyrus, Dan Dinh, Salce, Westrice and Nhat Nguyen.   In season 1, they garnered a pretty big fanbase due to their carefree attitudes and individual charisma. However, at the start of season 2, there were internal issues after Dan, Dyrus and Westrice left, leading to the remaining members joining the newly formed TSM.Evo. TSM.Evo proved short-lived, and the rest is history.
1	Anything can be fixed with number tweaks.   Ashe just got her AS buffed from 3.4% to 4.0% and her pick/win rate is drastically higher than what it used to be.  Tristana got buffed from 3.0% to 4.0% and now Trist is  everywhere .  The worst part that Riot recognized that low stat growth is DEATH for an ADC, and then released Quinn (at  3.1% ) the same patch those two got buffed.   Give Quinn a base stats buff and I'd guarantee you she'd be played.   Give her Ashe/Tristana's attack speed per level (4% per level instead of 3.11%).  Or give her Draven's attack delay instead (-.08 instead of -.065).  Hell, even giving her Graves' AD (51 instead of 48) with Draven's AD growth (3.5 per level vs 3.0) would help.   Riot just doesn't want to buff characters  ever .  I can promise you I could make Quinn a viable carry overnight just by giving her 650 range like Caitlyn.
1	Just before that made our premade 5s rating worthless and introduced teams (not complaining it was a good move). We went and played a bunch of ranked 5's with 5 supports. Taric jungler, Sona solo top, Soraka mid and AD Janna + Alistar actual support. This was about 1800 elo   We ended up winning all 4 games and everyone was laughing, getting drunk and really having a good time.   Me less so - I had to play the real support Alistar. But still - it was great, I like being around people who're having fun.
1	In general, i would Agree with "this guy" on the issue that there are in fact, more than 20 champions in the game yet only those tier1s are seeing the most plays. BUT! i believe this problem to be somewhat limited to the LCS/Challenger (and their publicity) and somewhat Diamond and the Skilllevel that can be found up there, everything below this its more "monkey see monkey do" than anything and has nothing to do with "this champion beats that champion".   Let me Explain.   Champions are like tools/Equipment for those players, they use them in a way and max out their potential to the limits (and sometimes beyond, aka CDR/AP Tryn ololol). These people are so good in this game that in fact, it matters to them those little margins one champion beats another. They can use those advantages. Its like 2 F1 Racecars, one carbon, the other "less" carbon, or a brandname Drill (Bosch Blue f.e) vs. a Storebrand, or even   Now give those Tools to the gold/silver/bronze/whatever 24/7 casual dimwit, and the pro a potato, and he will most likely still wipe the floor with that dimwit up and down every lane on the rift. this holds true to lower elos as well imo.   If your skill increases, your champion pool will either increase, or at least specialize, you will rise, and meet better people and then, at some point that most of us here will never ever ever reach (numbers dont lie, theres like 1 or 2% of the total playerbase competing for chal/dia) it might matter that you pick that Tier1 Champion rather than that below tier1 champion, until then -  doesn't matter had fun .   The entire argument that "champion X is better than Y" holds only true if you meet equally  high  skilled people where it acutally matters. Tier1 champs in lower elo dont contribute as much to the victory as most of us would believe.   Yes there is a lot more to the whole, but i believe it boils down to a few key things, on of which is:
0	I did this so much (especially when I started playing open-world RPGs) that now I just tell everyone I'm a "collector". I actually tend to sell most weapons and armor I don't think I'll use but I tend to collect useless shit for no reason. For example, in Oblivion I collect all the crumpled pieces of paper I find and place them in a basket. Everyone once and a while I come across a brick on the ground that I can pick up... I save those too and play with them like Legos when I'm really bored.
1	I had an issue with my computer where I'd gotten the Maestro error.  After several reconnect attempts, it was finally suggested to me by a friend (Luckily, I was in a premade 5 Blind Pick) in Skype to reboot my computer.  I rebooted and then I had to download a LoL 'patch' as well.  Then, I went to eat dinner while it was DLing, and then it was still patching by the time I'd finished.   I got back into the game eventually after another few reconnect attempts about 25 minutes into the game and then played for the last 10 or so minutes.
1	If you want to break it up to be easier to read:     Hi, this is one my first times posting on reddit so please don't be to harsh. I'm very interested in league of legends game theory, not only playing but thinking about what's OP what's UP and what needs balance changes...I think a lot of us can agree that since the latest major patch there have been some issues that need to be fixed, I'm not saying I know how to fix the game I'm just giving my input and would like to see what everyone else has to think of it.   TOP LANE   First we will start with top lane, now we all know of the nature of top lane before the patch, it was essentially a very snowbally lane and this made for toxic gameplay. What I mean for those who don't know if a jungle ganked top early, and I mean a level 2 gank and got a kill off, or even burned a flash if the player is skilled they will snowball off of any advantage and the lane would be ruined for either top side for basically the rest of the laning phase. Riot tried to fix this by introducing flask the flash+wards+mass pot start insured that both sides would be safe and would be able to safely cs so that each player had the chance to get some cs, shop, and once one side got ganked the lane wouldn't completely be over. The problem is that top lane has essentially become a super safe farm off considering that a good top playing will always have his lane warded. I think to fix this issue is to make flask 325 gold and also give a ward that last for 1 minute 30 seconds this would give the option of either going flask + the ward given from it and either by a second ward to play extra safe or get more pots, nevertheless it would make the lane more interesting with more options and it wouldn't be as difficult to gank early with the ward from flash being less effective. Also I think that flask is a bit OP atm and needs a slight nerf and I feel this would be a decent change.   JUNGLE   Now let's move on to the jungle, the new jungle is meant to be able to support every type of jungle control jungles, carry jungles, support jungles. It gives the support jungles such as maokai and amumu the ability to scale with jungle control with the sightstone item, buffs will always be valuable early so control jungles like shyv and nunu can always be decent, but the biggest problem in-lies with carry jungles such as nocturne or gangplank the main point of the new jungle is that it should be treated like another lane, if you pick a carry jungle you should be able to sit back and farm the jungle for 25 minutes, and come out with enough gold for items to carry. It's quite simple I think the jungle creeps just need to give more gold, however this is a problem, the game shouldn't be a farm off till late game. The game needs to be active early however all lanes start with wards and good players will always have wards and normally know where the jungle is. So it comes down to all 3 jungle types need to be viable, control jungles will always be viable, the only reason they arn't seen that much is because these type of jungles do a lot of invading and are better suited off for arranged play not solo q play, support jungles got nerfed because they thrived off of early ganks and gp5, in season 2 if a maokai got an early gank off, backed and got philo and hog, if he doesn't throw his advantage he can win the game himself....this means that it is now harder to get these early kills that snowball them, as with carries the main goal for carry jungles is rush 6, get a couple items and when you gank it needs to be more coordinated, and it's much harder to 'carry' as the new role intends. What I think could fix the issue is to simply make jungle camps give more gold early, the first to second clear needs to give more gold. Last season a jungle or both would get an early kill and it would set them up for the rest of the game. It is clear riot doesn't want there to be early ganks on mid or top(before 5 minutes roughly) so let's assume that everyone is good and wards there lane and no ganks are gotten off by the jungle that they will be jungle farming the first few minutes if they gain more gold early they can choose a path easier, either a more jungle oriented path i.e., wriggles or spirit stone, or go straight into better carry items, phage, shiv, brutilizer, or for more tanky diving heroes, giants belt, glacial shorud, this would give more options to either clear the jungle faster or 'making plays items' you could call it.   MID LANE   As for mid, particually AP mids I honestly think it's simple AP mids dont scale hardly as good as they used to most AP items cost less gold but gives less stats so at the end of the day all this means is that APs are worse at 6 item, I just think buffing deathcap, morellos, would help a lot, also I think dorans ring needs a buff I think that it should be an item purely for laning meaning if you put 475 gold into this item you should if played evenly with your opponent when lane if they are rushing something more for mid game, like deathcap or haunting guise I think a good buff would give dorans ring back to 100 HP and double the mana regain if you kill a minion but make the item unique. This would also give mids more items to go for meant for laning, with the morellos nerf and dorans ring not being very good atm imo at least I think the only real start for laning specifically is going rod, however now a lot of people are just rushing mid game builds for example deathcap haunting guise sorc shoes. Hardly anyone anymore will go a couple dorans or get hextech because it has been obvious that if you want to be viable as an AP mid you need to get yourself out of laning and be able to be a threat in team fights.   AD CARRY   ADC we can all agree ADC was kinda OP with 6 items, however that is exactly how they are supposed to be, you should be shitting your pants if you see a 6 item ADC, also you must remember you also have an ADC and as a team you should recognize that your goal is to make your ADC as scary as theirs will be. AD got nerfed and although they have different starting paths I believe it can still be worked on a bit. We will start with dorans blade, if as an adc you buy dorans blade you should be making a clear statement that you are trying to win lane. I think the same thing should be done as I do with dorans ring, increase the HP make the passive 10 hp a hit, but make it unique. Although 10 hp a hit sounds good, it's supposed to be good if you are willing to put 475 gold into a laning item it should exceed in lane, also that is 475 gold late on a bloodthirster, an IE, a shiv which could make a huge difference. So that's my first change, second change I think is that the attack speed nerf eccspecially to PD needs to be reverted, attack speed is needed to make carries scary at 6 item, PD needs to give more attack speed more move speed and the ignore unti collision needs to be on shiv, PD is for late game and move speed and attack speed are so helpful on a 6 item adc, shiv is more of a laning item imo and the ignore minion collision would be better on a laning item. As for that late game, GA gives less defence, and there is less lifesteal, even though BT only gives 2 % less now that might not sound like a big deal however it is considering ADs are slightly worse and those that beat them which is assiassians and bruisers got buffed it makes the adc issue worse.
1	You need professional help dude. You get to sit on your ass all day long in your early twenties and make more money than most of us will make our entire lives playing a VIDEO GAME. You will never know what the real world is like, because you have a few brain cells that make your reaction time better than most of the world. AND THAT'S FINE, but you need to stop acting like an entitled asshole about it all. You should APPRECIATE the fans that pay your fucking bills. You shouldn't look down on anyone that you play with that isn't a member of TSM and might not be as good as you. Do you know how many people would kill to be in your position? The majority of time you act like it's really wearing on you to have to play a video game all day to earn a living. I don't know how a person so young can act so entitled, without feeling the need to give back to the ones that pay his bills for him. We didn't ask you to be a video game hero, you chose to be. The least you could do is have the SLIGHTEST bit of professionalism, and the SLIGHTEST bit of appreciation for your fans.
1	First of all you should have ran cleanse because they were running some strong cc. You cannot afford to get initiated on by shens taunt and be debuffed by the damage reduction or get stunned by sona or feared by nocturne. Your net , your trap and your range should be enough to keep the divers at bay. In these cases placing a trap infront of you and microing around it makes it even harder for champions like those to go on you because they will get snared ( even if noct ults he gets snared ). Choose your targets wisely at first taking precautions about what cooldowns the enemy team has on their skillset. You knew Nocturne had randuins so you should not even try to get close to him or focusing him because it would lead you to get AS debuffed. Shen on the other hand can be "ignored" after he taunts. You can probably take a couple of hits from him and still be at like 55-65% at the end of a small skirmish. The main problem would be when both of them initiate on you. They become sort of an unkillable duo flying through the air which could take you down with ease. The only way to avoid getting focused is to not grow aggro or have an escape plan. You need to stay far when the teamfights initiate so that you become less prioritized over your teammates. This makes them focus them and not you and gives you free shots at them or maybe the other carries. If they do initiate on you anyways you need to have an escape plan up your sleeve. Net over a wall or flash, go into a bush to loose sight , place some traps etc...   Edit:
0	I actually explained what makes you a dick and gave you reasons why you should reconsider your attitude. Apparently you couldn't be bothered to read anything other than the
0	Yip.  The guy who is probably my best friend in the world was dating this truly awful girl almost the whole way through high school.  She and I would get into stupid fights all the time (started because she's an overreacting bitch, continued because I'm not all that great myself).  I'd always get pissed because my friend would never choose a side.  I made sure people knew how I felt about her, including him.  The whole time they were dating, and after they broke up for the first time, I persistent told him what a bitch she was, and he just shrugged it off.  It didn't ruin our friendship, but it was pretty frustrating for me personally.   Months after they broke up for real, my friend calls me and says, "You know, you were right about her.  The whole entire time.", and, as previously mentioned, our friendship is completely intact.   The moral of the story is to be honest with your friends.  If they're really your friend, they will forgive you and appreciate your honesty.
0	I dunno, man. I've been here for over 3 years now, and right after I joined I remember there being an insane string of bullshit, "I rescued this kitty from a dumpster behind a satanic church" type posts.   It was followed by a hilarious string of spoof posts with people claiming to have done things like traveling halfway around the world with Bill Gates on a clandestine mission to kill dozens of terrorists, and just happened to rescue a puppy that got caught in the crossfire in a burning orphanage.
1	NUNU. His snowball would be totally OP then. Also Cho'gath, Sion, Vladimir and Mordekaiser. Atma's is balanced item because you buy it on tanky melee champions that have to be in close combat so they buy HP item's and runes/masteries. Popular mix is AtMog's or AtMallet (I prefer later). Atma's+Mallet = 700HP+34AD+slow. If there would be "APma's" with the same 2%AP from HP and some mres (instead of armor) and mana regen (instead of crit chance) it would be: APma's+Rylai's = 500HP+90AP+slow. Nunu has 1.0AP scaling on Ice Blast and 2.5AP scaling on Absolute Zero. Now add other snowball items'. Bruiser version: Atma's+Mallet+Warmog's = 1970HP+59.4AD+slow. Caster version: APma's+Rylai's+RoA=1130HP+725MP+182.6AP+slow.
1	The biggest issue isn't even if you will allow it, because most unknown streamers get insta downvoted by BM redditors. Not saying that everyone is like that. I say bring it back and just crackdown on spammers. As many posts should be allowed, BUT with that being said if you spam and get no responses or is downvoted and you keep spamming your stream you should be banned for xx amount of time from the sub-reddit. This way streamers who are on the rise or are interesting can post on a daily/weekly basis until they establish a twitter/facebook etc to notify people who are interested in watching their stream.
0	I have similar but not quite the same situation in my dreams. I always end up with the most beautiful women one can possibly imagine (duh!) but I don't get rejected, the dream just peters out before I can get some good sexytime going and end up awake with a sad feeling.   Of course I don't let being awake get in the way, slowly I force myself back into a sleepy state, guess what? Dream starts from the very beginning, and again, as I'm about to get serious I wake up frustrated as fuck! EVERY FUCKING TIME.
1	Being an effective support hinges on your knowledge of several things:   1) Your team composition and knowledge of their abilities   2) Their team composition and knowledge of their abilities   3) Vision   -and a whole plethora of other factors.   Support has one of the hardest jobs because their role is to be the eyes and ears of the team. Micromanaging is difficult, but your teammates will (usually) appreciate all the knowledge you bring to the field.   The ability to micromanage at a high level comes with good ol' honest practice. One of the most important things to learn to manage are timers. I began by putting baron/dragon timers in chat and reminding my team of respawns about 1min-30sec before it happened. I started timing wards so our jungler knew when it was a good time for him to gank. Keep a close eye on the time, because constant awareness is your best friend.   The mental focus it takes to time all these things actually helped me tremendously when learning how to judge team fights.   In team fights, I mentally do an evaluation as to low and high risk teammates. If I see that our AP carry is going to be CCed down because our own CC missed, I make sure to prioritize saving that player. If I see our tank is successfully tanking all five enemies, I prioritize his defense. All of this happens in a split second and honestly comes with some more practice. Learn the signs of a risky decision and make sure to counteract it, and in some cases, protect them before the bad stuff even happens. Half a support players job is to make sure your team doesnt get into trouble in the first place, not just to bail them out of it.
0	I work in a computer repair bay... Sometimes shit just breaks. There are heat failsafes built into modern (and ancient) CPUs that will halt them when they hit a certain temperature. Leaving a system under load for extended periods of time is not abnormal, though not recommended for your electricity bill.   That said, what error is it spitting out on you? Is it cycling power at all? Are you getting bios beeps? Are you getting the bios screen at all?   As a general check over, here's a few things you can do:   1) Check the motherboard for swollen capacitors. Google them to see what they look like. Swollen caps=bad mobo. You can buy a new board, or replace the caps if you know how.   2) Pull the GPU, and power up using only the onboard graphics. This will let you know if the GPU is the problem part.   3) Pull the ram, alternate sticks in the first ram slot. If all sticks still fail to boot, move to the third. If a stick of ram has failed, this will let you know which one.   4) If your machine isn't cycling power at all, I will bet money that your PSU just fried. Could be a surge, could be bad capacitors. Try another PSU (best buy has a fantastic return policy. Buy one from there, use it to test, then return it).   Your roommate reacted poorly, but that doesn't automatically make it his fault. Check the hardware, it's probably a relatively (<$100-200) cheap fix. Computers are hard to break, they tend instead to fail. There's a huge difference between those two; try not to kill the poor guy :)
1	Long story short this guy is not a tool box. He knows what the fuck is up.  His stream is informative, entertaining and just fucking funny.  He is also ex military (even if a swabby) so show some love.
1	I'm on the tiger hype train right now because I feel wayyyy too strong with it in games. I feel like I haven't had such an easy carry jungle since vi was in her strongest state, or hecarim before everyone knew about how strong he was with elder. Xin for that matter was also really strong earlier in this season.   The main thing is that tiger udyr thrives off early game and taking objectives as well as shutting down people in duels and ganks. If you don't do calculated aggression, you aren't using him to his potential.   I'd just use tiger whenever. It does more damage than phoenix if you queue tiger procs(you could do the same with phoenix), and you build tanky anyway because if you are tanky you last longer and deal more damage because of bear peel, tiger, and turtle shields that last for days. Phoenix can still win in duels, but you have to play smarter. Phoenix only has better clear speed IMO.   A lot of rambling there.
0	See, the only issue I have with this line of reasoning is that it implies that someone who screws up can never be credited with having learned from their mistakes.  If she views sex before marriage as wrong, then she should absolutely view herself as having erred in her own past...but it doesn't mean she can't tell you  now  that you ought not to be doing it pre-marriage either.  "Let he who has never sinned cast the first stone" isn't a defense against ALL lecturing and instruction, but perhaps only against its most judgement and condemning strains.   That all being said, I am totally pro-fucking.  I think waiting til marriage to hook up is a recipe for disaster, and that in general people should do what they want, so long as they aren't plainly harming other people or themselves (and damage to your relationship with a god doesn't count, since the latter's existence is merely hypothetical).
1	I agree that these would all help new and current players. The one thing that comes to mind though, is that there is 100+ champions and each champion has such a unique playstyle and set of abilities which can only be learned and mastered through practice. During the time of this practice, players tend to learn the general mechanics of the game such as kiting, csing, builds, etc. and improve in all parts of the game, although sometimes slowly.
0	I'm 18 and built my first PC this year. It powered on absolutely fine but I could not for the life of me get the monitor to work, I tried for hours to try and troubleshoot but could not get it to recognize the signal input from the PC. I ended up ordering 2 new cables and after they got here a week later and it still didn't work I was on the verge of tears until I opened it up and realized that somehow the video card had somehow slipped out a little and was not pushed in all the way to the motherboard, FML moment if I've ever had one, how I didn't check that before jumping to the conclusion that the cables were bad is anybody's guess.
0	I was swimming like a boss when a girl cut in front of me from another ,supposedly, faster lane and slowly started swimming breaststroke . I finally had some space to go my own pace in the right lane for me and was pissed that now I had to wait or switch lanes.   Now I'm normally a pretty chill guy but when exercising, adrenalin gets the better of me. I thought, fuck I'm just going to start swimming and whatever happens, happens (normally you can feel the wake of someone else and at the worst hit their feet or hands).   This time however due to my my angry pumped up front stroking pace and her glacial pace this didn't happen.   As I sped forward hand outstretched I met her legs as the were just pulling in for another leg kick. My hand slid upwards between her tighs and, well, yeah...   At this time I go into full panic mode and pass her swimming the.fastest.weismuller.aint.got.shit.on.me.pace ever.   As I'm breathing heavily, after another olympic 50m, at the shallow end, I'm seriously wondering if I'm going to be arrested, let a lone if I'm ever going to be welcome in this pool again.
1	Since the site doesn't have an FAQ here is all the information I gathered:     The tool doesn't find your actual hidden MMR, it approximates it based on your recent match history. Thus, if you have hundreds of ranked solo queue games under your belt, it doesn't matter if they don't show up in your recent match history. It seems like it needs 5-10 of your recent games to be Solo Queue for this to work appropriately.     The MMR is going to be based on the averages of your team and the enemy team, individual MMR isn't available in any capacity currently through the metadata that we have access to. This means if you are duo queuing the MMR shown will represent an approximate average of the MMR of you and your partner combined (if you play with them in all your math history games).     It's going to be a bit more accurate than indicators such as LolKing Score, but  is neither exact nor official .
1	Lol playability and skillset does not require high apm or sick mechanics, doesnt mayter how good you are or how fast you are you wont make.use of it on league.as Doublelift said (widely known as one , if not the best mechanical player in the game) league is way more about general game sense/awareneas than mechanics, you can practice hard and improve ur mechanic skills quite quickly but improving in the game as a whole is way harder than it seems and takes alot of time and practice..   what im trying to say is that dyrus is a very, very strong league player and thats part of the reason people watch him, besides his amazing persona that every1 loves
1	Implying Riot would ever take back one of their half-baked excuses for doing something.   For the record, I have never legitimately cared about any of the things I am about to list. I only got upset because of the terrible logic and bad excuses Riot tried to use for their actions.   When they changed Lux's ult name, they said the name wasn't English and that it didn't immediately convey what the ability did. As for non-English, there are Riposte and Shunpo off the top of my head. As for abilities that don't convey what they do...jesus, take your pick. There are so many abilities that don't immediately convey what they do that it isn't even worth trying to list them all. All in all, while I don't care that her ult's name got changed, it just seemed dumb of Riot to do it and then try to justify it with some logic that they clearly only thought about for 5 seconds. If their reasoning for that ability name change was solid, why not change half the other ability names in the game for the same reasons?   Then there is the Slay Belle Katarina backing animation. Riot said that the pole dance was too sexualized, and that it didn't fit Kat's character or the theme of the skin. This logic is especially terrible. Let me list the ways. For one, too sexualized? Almost every female in the game has huge tits and their splash arts have them pushing them out to make them draw attention. You have Janna making a sex joke, and oh, what's that, Nidalee ALSO DOING A POLE DANCE. Two, it doesn't fit Kat's character...I didn't realize that Dr. Mundo was a corporate business man by character, or that Cho'gath was a gentleman. I didn't realize that Gragas and Vlad were in biker gangs. The point is that skins aren't meant to reflect the character, that's the whole point. They are skins, not lore-extensions. Three, again, it doesn't fit Kat's character. Assume now that such logic is valid. It's still a dumb thing to say, because Katarina is ALREADY a highly-sexualized champion. Most of them are already, but I would put her near the top of the list of sexualized champions, so a little pole dance animation is not completely out of character. Four, it doesn't fit the theme of the skin? Google "sexy mrs. claus". Go ahead, I'll wait. Yeah, just like Katarina, Mrs. Claus is a commonly-sexualized theme. All in all, again, the backing animation didn't really mean much to me, nor would I ever have bought it. But I just can't stand when Riot comes up with some half-baked reasoning for their actions that make absolutely no sense.   And yet again, we find something that I would never have noticed nor cared about. I don't play Graves, and even if I do, I probably wouldn't have even noticed the removal of the cigar. But jesus, why remove it and then say that they did it because it influenced people to smoke when there are so many other examples of similar things in other splash arts. Again, I am sure Riot just got pressured by some outside source to change it, but instead of admitting that they are getting pressured into it, they pretend it was their idea and that they felt the need to do this, and they come up with some half-baked reason that is inconsistent with their other actions.
0	First, sorry about your grandma.   Now, understand that your grandma was past the age where she would have been bearing children. Therefore, it mattered little to the earth whether she lived or died. Her potential impact was that of one person.   If (and it's a  big  if) you want to control population by killing people off, you want to do so to people  before  they reach child bearing age. That is, children and teens. By doing so, you eliminate not just them from the earth but all those they would have brought onto the earth.
0	I'll agree to disagree.   Just think about it this way; Mentally handicapped programs are good, but not all mentally handicapped people will get anything good from them. Because not all mentally handicapped people have the same handicap, they are all different, and unique in the way that they learn.   This is the same as any other situation with any other group of people. Every person is different, no program can honestly absolutely cover every single person, but the fact that the program exists is a good thing.
0	In highschool when things were really easy. I would sleep in class, goof off, day dream, basically just not pay attention. Not do the homework not study, then finish the test first, go back to sleep, then get the best grade. The best was when the tests were on a curve and i'd get the lame extra credit questions right to. O the look my friends and peers gave me when their tests were graded 110/100. How i miss multiple question no idiot left behind tests.  (As i'm sure you can probably tell from what is most likely terrible grammer, spelling, and typo ridden i'm not actually extremely intelligent. The U.S. education system just sucks)   EDIT:
1	Denying, Zoning, and cs'ing equates to more skill than what LoL currently has to deal with. Try [fake-deny-harass]( for yourself.     I much prefer Armor for every point of Atk Speed, HP Regen and for each point of HP, and Mana regen with Mana, to buying each stat individually in LoL. This analysis fails to account for the possibility of damage (On your auto attacks) for each point you purchase, depending on what type of hero you are.       [This is assuming you're purchasing Strength/Agility/Intelligence as opposed to the individual stat (IE Vitality Booster)]     Look at the build every AP carry goes in a high level game and come back here to talk. Only very recently have AP carries received diversity from HP (Rings or WotA)+Deathcap+Voidstaff. AD Carries have been the same since Beta (IE+PD+LW), and Supports are stuck to GP/10 and Reverie (Drums of Endurance) in to another item or two.      There is diversity to item choices in DotA that LoL can only pray for. They'll get there one day, in 6 more years. The active abilities are crucial and bring the diversity LoL is trying to achieve. Their is enough items and effects, and team combinations (In DotA), to warrant that every game you should (optimally) build very differently to counter what you're playing against.     Your point here I agree with. You have to be more smart about using your abilities in DotA than LoL; to ensure a kill, or force an escape skill. You cannot play willy-nilly with your mana and OOM yourself like LoL players tend to do, because they can. This includes making calculated tower dives as well.      My question to OP is, 'Why?' I've played 1.7k games of LoL, and I am leaving it for DOTA 2. The community is better in my experience so far; with voice chat in game, real strategy and the art of the draft, I just get wet at the prospect of a competitive change of pace.   (LoL is competitive, but differently. Compare the laning phases and when heroes take towers compared to champions*. Compare a VOD from Tobi to a LoL tournament.  Na'vi coming back from being down double rax with a fed morph from a just purchased Rapier for Windrunner.)   *Laning phase for LoL lasts until to 15 minute mark on average, with a 9-11 minute drake (dragon). In DOTA 2, taking a tower at 4 minutes isn't uncommon, with 2-3 down by the 11 minute mark. Roshan (Nashor in LoL) can be taken at lvl 1, as opposed to its spawn at the 15 minute mark in LoL.   The attitude of most LoL players is that they're king with their 51% win rate with a champion at an average ranking. They don't realize that they don't deserve ranking they don't have, and that any higher of a ranking and they'd be the team feeder with that champion. Also, it's always their teams fault they lost. They don't ever consider that '[...]90% of the time it's their fault they didn't win.' (Partial quote from 5HITCOMBO: "While 90% of the time it's not your fault you lost, 90% of the time it is your fault you didn't win.")
1	You forgot about the whole ggchronicle thing in S1.
0	u/anonymusprofessional is right. And scientifically speaking it's better if you keep your goals to yourself as just telling someone your goal gives you the same chemical response as actually completing that goal.   In college you need to go to every class, stay away from thirsty Thursdays, frat parties etc. and make the right kind of friends that are going to support your study.   Or not, have fun, and end up right where you were before, like me, a 24 year-old college dropout.
0	I am calm, I am chill.  I am having a conversation about an old phrase and people's propensity to view their own preconceptions as indisputable facts, as your original language would have me believe.  I'm not sure where you are getting this as text doesn't accurate carry tone (did I raise my voice?).   The only thing I said directed at you was since you did either intentionally or unintentionally misrepresent your opinion as fact, I believed you were not justified in claiming you made no mistake.  (egg on face being a reference to being embarrassed over a mistake).   I am not attacking anyone.  Attacking you would be calling you an idiot, commenting on your mothers personal life, or other such unrelated nonsense.  I merely attempted to point out that too many people often post their personal opinions as facts only to backpedal afterwards.  It would help in many areas if we all used sources and didn't tout non-expert opinions as facts.
0	Seriously, I don't get it.   If you know how to properly use Windows - you press the Windows key in W7 and start typing into the search box; it fills up with items and you press enter to load what you were looking for.  You don't click the menu and search for the item.  Windows 8 works the EXACT.  SAME.  WAY.  Metro is everyone's major gripe.  Guess what?  With these simple keystrokes you have just eliminated your need to interact with Metro.  All of the sudden it works just like your start menu used to.  The problem is the vocal majority doesn't understand how to use Windows efficiently.  Metro is trash.  No one is arguing that, but Windows 8 loads faster and has a bunch of other minor tweaks that makes it an improvement over Windows 7.
0	easily accessible clothing.   Do you have any idea how wrong that sounds?   I agree that you shouldn't leave your phone laying around in a public area, but I can't see what that has to do with women's clothing. Leaving your phone up for grabs is quite something different than choosing what dress to wear. In fact, I'm kind of regretting my analogy in my previous comment.
1	As a plat player, communication more than often loses game rather than winning. The only important communication you should bother doing is in champion select and pings. I refer to the "typing effect". My teammates or the enemy will often type to their opponents or their allies in a sort of rage or in an effort to make their teammate correct some behavior (Go attack him... Go... Go...Go, etc). This means that the person typing is concentrated on his team and what his teammates are doing rather than himself. You should not have to communicate in this method, and it (in my experience  1k ranked games ) is often detrimental to yourself. Pings are short and concise and get MOST messages across. Want to do baron? Ping. Want to call mia? Send three caution pings from the last known location towards the direction he is going. Want a teammate to attack? Ping the opponent.   This is not to say ALL communication in game via the chat is a bad thing. Certainly, some things help. You should discuss some strategies and what you believe you (please only you, if you tell others what to do they rage in solo queue) can do better while there is downtime, such as walking to lane. But in my experience, communication is more often than not detrimental to the winning state of mind.
1	To answer the item question I think that all of those items are viable but each one has its own specialty.     BOTRK I feel would be a very good item if you get far ahead in lane as it allows you to duel with your lane opponent very well with all the stats it gives you plus the active.   Bloodthirster would be a good item if you get a little ahead but you are no longer just dueling your lane opponent. Bloodthirster gives you the highest AD for any single item in the game when fully stacked and the lifesteal would help you a tonne in teamfights. The main reason for getting BT over BOTRK would be if the opposing ADC has no real escapes of kiting potential e.g. Kog Maw or maybe Varus.   Static shiv along with ravenous hydra are the two best splitpushing items that Trynd can buy. So if you are planning on AFK splitpushing all game then I would recommend one or both of these items.   Infinity Edge in my opinion is one of trynd's core items with its crit chance and damage increase. Rushing and IE might not be the best route to go with as it gives you no sustain during teamfights without giving up a large portion of damage for your heal. Some examples where rushing and IE would be if you are so far ahead that you just crush anyone before they can do damage or if you have lifesteal from some other source, such as lifesteal quints.
1	Ok, I haven't seen anybody else do this, but this is my "standard" >combo every single time I use thresh.   >Basically it drags enemy towards you, drags them a SECOND time >towards you, AND THEN you dash to be behind them, and you can E >them towards your ADC even more! >You can press your Q and hit someone to drag them, then walk >backwards to drag them again, immediately after that you CAN press Q >after you've dragged them and you can dash on them, it will dash you >to the place were you originally grabbed them from, so you will >actually be behind them, you can then push them forward (because >your infront of them) with your E.   >I hope this makes sense, please try it!   >
0	No, I don't think they're a very good representation. I absolutely hated the mannequin episode, in fact, the first time I saw it I gave up on watching Doctor Who. Then I listened to some songs from the band Chameleon Circuit and I got curious and watched a few more episodes... which turned into another season or two... then I binge watched the entire series. A few episodes are so stupid and ridiculous but others are so incredibly emotionally-charged, it's insane. Some people love it, some people hate it, it really just depends on the person. If nothing else, give the David Tennant episodes a go, then decide whether or not to keep watching.
0	Story time:   While I was in High School in California, we had something called "History Day" projects, where in Sophomore year (World History) we did a project that was similar to a science fair, but on a historic event.   The history teachers chose the best few, and the best of each school went on to District, where the best went to Regional, and so on, up to State.   I chose the Tuskegee Airmen, and even interviewed a few who had made a local appearance for the project. It was  legit .   I made it to District, and they had three to five judges going project to project asking questions about it, making sure you knew what you were talking about.   One of the judges at District was this  OLD  white dude. While the group of judges were quizzing me about my project and the  Tuskegee Airmen  and everything they went through, this old white dude chimes in with: " I was there, it wasn't that bad. We had a few black people in our unit and they were treated fine. It wasn't as bad as they say ."   Needless to say, I didn't make it to the Regional competition.
1	There was an official post awhile back saying that the LoLKing stats were close, but not exact.  I believe the example was Ezreal. when LoLKing had him at a 55% win rate, the 'true' win rate was actually higher.   My guess is LoLKing computes their stats using Match History.  If you look at your own match history, you can see the type of data they have available.  There's a lot you can do with that data, but a lot that you can't.  LoLKing has only a relatively small subset of the data, because for the most part they only poll for that data on request - In other words, if nobody enters a particular summoner name on LoLKing that week, LoLKing will not have their match history and will not use it as part of their calculations.   So, the next thing to realize is that only a certain subset of the LoL Player base uses LoLKing.  Generally, those players are more serious about the game. They want to look at stats, they want to improve.  They are also more likely to be persuaded to try fotm/overpowered champs, but they are also less likely to lose just because their opponent has an 'op' champion. All of these to some extent influence the data, and hence the conclusions.
1	Why has Link's post blown up? I didn't read the post since it was too long :p.
0	true story. i was dating a girl for just over 5 years, even engaged for the last 8 months of relationship. i found out she was cheating with one of my really close friends (one of only 3 friends who even visited me in ICU 4 weeks prior when i almost died from an infection). thought i was fucked and wasted 5 years (well, that part's kinda true), how was i going to move on, blah blah blah, depression depression depression (i was 24 at the time). she executed some hypnosis level mind control over me for almost 2 years after breakup as she tried to keep me around, in her pocket, whatever, by saying how awful she felt, leading me on we might get back together.... i dated around for a year and a half, and found a girl i was friends with for 8 years at that point on a dating site. we were engaged within 6 months and married at 27. i'm 29 now and my wife is fucking kick. ass.
1	Um, yeah. It is arguing semantics. He's talking about how people use the word "meta" all the time and don't actually know what the word means. What you're talking about  is  metagaming, but there is no such thing as "the" meta. There is the most effective/efficient strategy/team composition as supposed by the people who  do  metagaming, but that is not "the meta". "The Meta" would be a compilation of every piece of knowledge of the game and how things within the game interact with one another that was not made specifically available (for instance, the dynamic between the bombs and Syndra's W would be part of The Meta).   Metagaming is simply doing stuff in the game, not for necessity, but for reasons that you or somebody else has supposed  outside  of the game itself. For instance, right clicking to move is not metagaming. Deciding between Black Cleaver and Last Whipser is metagaming.   Basically, this is why semantics are important, too. Because a bunch of people started using a word incorrectly, the word "meta" will now, probably, be used incorrectly for the life of LoL. When people who actually  know  what "meta" or "metagaming" means hear people discussing the LoL "meta" they will be confused. They will know that it is similar to what they know the word to mean, but it will be somehow different. This is why semantics are important for lucidity in communication. Because many people are semantically incorrect, there will always be a communicative barrier between "us" and "them". Being able to communicate clearly is the very foundation of language.
1	Super long CC's are a part of it. Doesn't matter how far ahead you are when Enigma can stun your whole team for 4 seconds. But that's not all of it. Team strategies are generally a lot more asymmetrical.   You can have one team that's really good at grouping up and steamrolling you, but the other team can have good split-pushers that threaten to solo-kill your base if you cross the river.   You also generally have carries that peak at different points. One team might have a Lifestealer that peaks at 35 minutes and can turn on his magic immunity and kill someone in 3 hits, but the other team might have Medusa who requires way more farm but can split-shot your whole team to death if she can turtle til 50 minutes.
0	Gee, you're talking as if the prom queen/king wasn't just a big popularity contest at all.   And the cynic in me is saying that your not being "As good" as a handicapped person is really the cause of annoyance, and if it was stereotypical prom queen/king winning you wouldn't have a problem with it.
1	I agree that people should have to follow the summoner code no matter what bracket or tournament they are in. Riot has a history of banning newer teams that have bad mannered players on their team, but I don't really remember an instance where they banned the higher level players or the ones competing in the LCS for having bad sportsmanship, and they should start doing that.   I don't care if this guy thinks he is the best league player in the world, nothing can justify him acting like that. I can sort of understand what kind of mindset would make someone act like this. You are at the LCS and people chant your name, people fucking love watching you play a video game. It's a dream come true...or is it? Most people see the dream as being that good to be there and compete with others who are just as good, to prove to themselves that they are better...some people let that dream consume them instead and end up like this.   When you smack your talent around in other people's faces, you don't deserve the benefits you have gained from having that talent anymore, and you shouldn't be allowed to play with the best as a result.   To put it into perspective, what if this league player looked up to me or was competing with me in something he really enjoyed and I was his hero for whatever I might be doing, maybe in this case I'm way better at not being a douche and he respects me for my "Abilities", and one day I went over to him and was like "You are a fucking loser and will never be as good as me at not being a total asshole. You will always be a total asshole."   I seem kind of fucking obnoxious and ironic, right? "Pro" players do the same thing and Riot should take a serious stance against them doing this. In the NBA if a player gets into a fight they may be put on penalty and suspended for a bit. If a player curses at the ref he is fined (a lot of money), benched, or given a penalty. If a coach is being an asshole to a player on the opposing team or the other coach, or even the ref, he will be asked to leave. This is professionalism and this is the standard League of Legends and Riot should live up to if they want to continue to be taken seriously as an Esport, and so they should ask their players to do the same...only in a sterner voice now.
1	A support generally has the job to keep track of the map and the timers so  it would not be too strange if he made most of those calls. It also always depends on what champ you play. As a support soraka you dont really make the calls of initiation and roaming and taking objectives as much as a agressive and tanky support like alistar and taric.   but like I said. Your job is to ward and keep track of timers and the map overall. It is not so strange that you, as a support, is the first one to notice if someone from the enemy team is in the wrong place or an opportunity opens up.
1	I honestly think that it's a lack of supporting infrastructure in NA. If I were to drop out or delay college in order to pursue a pro League career I'd be setting myself up for a miserable life. Pro players don't get paid enough to compensate for the loss of education that is 100% mandatory to get a real job in NA, and the insane costs of college here just accelerate the issue. The only feasible way for an American player to afford becoming a pro is if their parents support them financially until they make it big and can pay for themselves, but if I told my parents that I'm going to spend all of my time playing videos so I can become a Pro Gamer that would think I'm insane.   NA teens and young adults have 2 options, get a minimum wage job and struggle to live or go to college and incur 20-40 thousand dollars of debt and then struggle to live and pay student loans.
1	I sincerely hate posts like this.   If you're getting genuinly upset from playing this game, stop. fucking. playing. The only thing keeping you here is you making excuses to not stop. You're making yourself feel bad by playing League, stop.   I've been playing League from late S2 and I have had moments where I wanted to make a reddit post like yours. Unlike you, however, whenever I got this urge, I quit playing League. I played some Skyrim or some CS:GO or some WoW but I stopped playing League for the whole day.   A lot of people will tell you to take breaks often when you're ranking up.  I do it differently, when I'm enjoying myself and I'm doing well, I play non-stop untill I get angry. Even if I won the game that made me angry. If you're enjoying yourself, keep playing. If you're getting agitated because of  A VIDEO GAME  then fucking stop. Turn off the League client, go play something else, watch a stream, go make dinner, take a shower, do anything that takes your mind off League.   Then the day after, come back and play League untill you get angry again. Rinse and repeat.
1	You win games through objectives, not kills and assists. When your team has the lead in early to mid game, you guys should be pushing for objectives continuously and pressuring the other team to either group together and lose farm from other lanes, or to risk losing an objective (eg. tower, dragon).   When games goes 40+ minutes, the early gold lead that your team had has probably diminished. Carries on both teams probably have maxed out, if not similar in items. So at that point it's about coordination in team fights and catching people out.
0	The only reason I think it's different is because college applications hopefully only happen senior or junior year. He does not have to do that maybe even a month from now. It has only been a week into the new school year for several people.   I work and go to college classes as well I know what it's like. I don't agree with the message of this post because life can be generally harder for some people in school. I do not volunteer but I don't think im a bad person, I just have bills to pay so I work. It just seemed like an overstatement to say 80 hours a week. And maybe he/she exaggerated on purpose.   Yes, work is any labor, physical and mental that can be done I understand that, but it is also synonymous with employment. I'm really asking where do we draw the line? Is work any task you don't feel like doing now, because there are a lot of things I don't want to do but I do not consider them work.
1	I use a Dell XPS 15 L502X series currently - LoL hasn't given me any problems; however, other games have been an issue such as Aion, CoD: MW2 and MW3, sometimes CS:S, and a couple other games.  For any other L502X users who are experiencing freezes with their laptop while gaming (screen is frozen and you hear an endless 1 second loop of sound and you can't do anything except hard restart your laptop) I would suggest using this program called MSI Afterburner.  Reduce your core and memory clocks by 100 MHz and then try playing your games.  Remember to reapply the settings whenever you shut down or restart your laptop.
0	One time I went by my Mom's house in the middle of the night for some random reason. There was a truck in the driveway I'd never seen before. Use my old key to go inside, furniture is all gone, carpet cut up amd rolled into corner, go to back room. See guy in sleeping bag, kick him in the back as hard as I can asking him "Where is she?!". Kicking continues not letting him up. Stop and ask again, he tells me the house was repoed and he was sent to clean it. I run and never look back.
1	Here's my story.   I started playing rankeds a bit too early and dropped down to 800 elo. My mechanics were relatively bad and I had a rather small champion pool. Still the main issue I had back then is that I didn't have enough knowledge about different champions and their abilities.   So I went back to normals and started practicing jungling as I found it to be the most fun role to play. Sure it has it's downs too, people tend to blame the jungler when things go awry. Which to you can probably relate if you have jungled in the lower elos. I praticed about 5 junglers and 2-3 champions to other lanes. This took maybe 100 games.   I eventually went back to rankeds and started raising my elo. I played jungle everytime someone higher than me didn't pick it. If I didn't get to jungle I tried to get my 2nd strongest role and so on. I got to 1200 rather easily, but then things started to get tricky. I was stuck for over 50 games around 1200. There started to be a lot of games where even when I was quite fed(I mainly played tanky junglers).   So I picked up the ultimate playmaker, Lee Sin. I tried to pick him everytime he wasn't banned or picked. I started to carry my games harder with him. And finally started to raise my elo again. From this point on my elo rose quite steadily.   I got to 1490ish a couple of times where I was just one win away from gold, but lost a couple of games in a row and dropped. Yet again I found myself just one win away from gold. Our 1st pick had picked Lee Sin jungle, the enemy picked Gangplank and Nidalee. I decided to go top as our 2nd pick went TF mid. I thought "oh hell with it, at least I piss off my lane opponent" and picked Teemo (as a sidenote this was my first teemo pick in ranked). We actually won the game and I finally got my gold.   I stopped playing rankeds after this. I'm currently just playing normals and the new 3v3 with my friends until S3 starts.   P.S. I only played couple of games per day on those days I actually had time and weren't too tired. This was due to time constraints from my university studies and summer job.   P.P.S. I only queued solo.   Thanks for reading.
1	Worst experience I had was back when I first started playing with a friend, I was maybe Lv5 and he was Lv18ish. We both played Twisted Treeline constantly and I was still learning. I was playing Anivia, he was Tryndamere, and our third teammate was Pantheon. The other team had two afkers, leaving a lonely Caitlyn all by herself. Somehow, that Caitlyn managed to skyrocket levels and farm above the three of us and proceeded to stomp in a 1v3. My friend, Trynd, was butthurt raging about how Caitlyn was  thee  most broken, easy champion to play while I just watched his stupid reasoning silently demoralized.
1	Well I'm just pointing out the possibility that you  are living life with a shade over your eyes that dilutes human values to your stereotypical or static views.
1	Elo is a rolling average system, of course a 1600 and 1200 game could look the same, it is very easy for players to be of 1400 quality but currently at one of those marks.   Exact Elo is more variable in a team game, but the system still works. If you are a 1600 Elo player, you will more often than not swing games at 1200 Elo in your teams favor, shifting your win ratio about 50%, causing your Elo to rise.
0	Depictions of the Devil covered in boils and scars, animal-like hair, and monstrous deformities were also common. None of these images seem to be based on Biblical materials, as Satan's physical appearance is never described in the bible or any other religious text. Rather, this image is apparently based on pagan Horned Gods, such as Pan, Cernunnos, Molek, Selene and Dionysus, common to many pagan religions.](
1	Why am I not surprised that everyone's talking shit about CLG's teamfighting this game :I. Well no shit, there's no way they could teamfight when you have the best Rumble player in the west land perfect zoning ults every single fight.   To be fair, there's not alot of ways 'in' on that C9 comp. Sure you have J4 and Maokai, but you have a backline that   A, was getting zoned out by Rumble ults all game (That's Balls for you, best Rumble NA).   B, Was not fully itemized to handle the Zed dive (Doublelift was never able to farm up a QSS since CLG desperately needed physical damage).   And C, did NOT pick Janna over Thresh this game despite having all the engage they needed with J4 and Maokai (I know they wanted to zone Balls out of CS in the lane swap, but Haunting Guise/Sorc Shoes needs 2600 something gold to make where as Maokai needs ROA/Upgraded boots which costs around 4000 something gold. Rumble's gonna get those items one way or another, so zoning him out to the max isn't gonna do much, especially when it's Balls's Rumble)   I doubt anyone's gonna upvote this or even pay attention to this, but CLG never stopped making good decisions this entire game. They were constantly proactive trying to get the right teamfight engage onto C9, but C9 wouldn't let them. You could say the Baron stall was extremely questionable, regarding the inhib push, but to be honest it would have worked if only C9 derped around and only started to bait baron when CLG's Inhibs came back up
1	They didn't get hacked or anything like that. A DDoS is when a geographically diverse botnet streams junk data or requests at an IP address to block out legitimate traffic. It isn't the equivalent of robbing a store or breaking windows, it's just sending a bunch of cars down the road you would take to get there so that you can't get to the store. There are only three solutions, only one of which is relatively viable for an operation the size of TSM's gaming house.     Security through obscurity. Keep the IP address secret, change the IP address when it is compromised. This is TSM's solution, but their ISP is reportedly slow to react to their requests. (to use the car metaphor from before, this would be changing your address so the cars don't find out where to block the road, this works but only until they find the real address again).   Have bandwidth that exceeds the incoming malicious data. This has only ever worked for people like Google. (You can't traffic jam my road, you only have 40 cars and this is an 18 lane highway!)   High level ISP support that involves controlling the DDOS a step away from the user. Your ISP needs to take a proactive approach to not route the malicious signals to you in the first place. This sort of thing can take hours to respond and is NOT a part of the contract for a home or small business user. It is primarily used for major datacenters. (this is like having police stationed several blocks away dedicated to directing traffic that appears malicious away from your store, you will still see some interruption because they won't spot every one individually)
1	Yes i know that. When I play him mid i love having a blue on me. But the thing is, if I play a mana jungler i will not give it to you, unless i have some mana regen items, which is in my example nearly never the case, cause i mainly play khazix and vi, which both need some pretty decent amount of manausage tho.
1	Sorry, but League is an easy game, at least as for a game which originated from the RTS genre.   Everyone can play league, its easy, and it appeals to the masses. The illusion of a high-learning curve is hidden behind a grind-wall.   If you could actually play every champion without paying, and having the same starting point as everyone on your team, and the other team the game would be a lot faster to learn and master.   There is basically no room for innovation in League, every soloque game exists of a fixed meta, and even fixed FotM champions. And everytime something is played in a way which wasn't intended by Riot, it gets immediately nerfed/reworked.
1	The obvious alternative is Last Whisper so I guess comparing the two is the best way to go about things.   Black Cleaver   PROS:     More Bonus AD   Bonus AS   Arguably synergises with other 'on-hit' effects (MF's W, Vayne's W, Kog's W, etc.)   Applies a debuff which helps the team (assuming you have other ad champions, which is pretty common)   *Can** have more of an effect on Champions >90 Armor. (Other AD Carries, AP Carries, Supports, -some- Junglers etc.)      (*) Depends on the time you spend hitting said champion.   CONS:     Doesn't affect abilities unless you hit them first.   Doesn't help against most tanky champions (even if you apply the 3 stacks)   Doesn't apply an immediate debuff   More expensive   Often comes in towards the later part of the game, thus making it harder to attain the initial 1650g.     MY CONCLUSION:   Keeping in mind this is the thoughts of a 1300s player and is strictly opinion, you're much more likely to get something useful out of Scarra or an actual professional AD Carry.   I personally like Black Cleaver over Last Whisper on a lot of champions, mainly because if you rush it early game you can shred their armor down sometimes into the negatives and deal  true damage.  If you manage this in laning phase it's actually pretty devastating from what I've seen.   I  think  that qtpie rushes it on Corki to 'stack' with Corki's armor ignoring passive as well as his e. If you use this item in conjunction with a Taric you shred even more armor off a specifc target.   I think the popularity of last whisper is based off the notion that in most cases ability damage is important (and thus needs inherent/passive armor penetration) and that in most cases the bruiser/initiator will dive in and become the prime target for the AD carry due to their proximity. Bruisers  typically  have 90+ Armor so it makes more sense for the AD carry to be packing a more efficient item.   My counter-argument however is that the damage from Black Cleaver, and the debuff armor shred is useful not just to the AD carry but to the entire team, and if you for example happen to be running a Kog'Maw (one of the more popular AD carries), often times you will be able to snipe down one of the opposing damage dealers (who has less armor). A lot of people focus on wota stacking, but I think that BC would have a better place in the game if teams tried compositions where the AD champions would focus the same opposing champion and make a more efficient use of the armor penetration debuff.   There are off course counterarguments upon counter arguments against this. I'm sure that the first two shots of a BC AD carry are most likely inefficient against most target in comparison to a LW AD carry, and another popular AD carry, Graves, is an example of one who relies heavily on his abilities. In his situation, having the passive or innate armor penetration greatly aids his skillset.   All in all. I'm rambling.
1	Just a quick thing: What some people find as a fun champ others might not.   Why don't you wait and try each other out when it is free? Or try it on a friends account? Because I bought a 6300 champion and regret it. My friends all liked Ahri but I didn't find her much fun.
1	Go hard before level 3. His level 1 is weak as all hell - either he takes flip and does virtually no damage beyond that, or takes Q and will struggle to so much as farm because he has no displacement to escape. At level 2, he takes the other, but still won't have the damage or speed to really do anything. This is the point where you should look to call for ganks and start shutting him out. By level 3, his second rank in Q may just be enough to start really chipping away at your health. A champion with quick dashes to recover from the flip's displacement may be helpful as well. Also, keep in mind that any champion with a skill that makes them targetable will still take ticks of poison in those frames if it's already been applied. It won't go through invulnerabilities, however.
1	Don't think you understand the problem with scrimming semi-pro teams. The complaint Regi made was that players in NA aren't good enough/organized enough in their 5's teams to scrim against. TSM/CLG/DIG/CRS won't benefit from pub stomping amateur teams. A similar complaint was made by TSM when they first announced Ranked 5's. According to Scarra (I think, not sure who but 70-30 Scarra)  the only teams that scrim on a regular basis are TSM, CLG, CRS.   This doesn't mean teams don't want to play, but scrimmin for these pro teams are 8 hour a day scrims against teams that are competent enough to practice their strategies against. Scrubbing teams is pointless since if the other team can't get out of lane phase, there's no reason to practice strats against them.   According to Scarra (once again unsure) even some of the mediocre Korean teams were of a skill level that they could have practiced strats against.
1	Chaox may have gotten some insight into the future by visiting asian gaming houses, however he was unsuccessful in converting that insight into anything of tangible value to either himself or the western region.   I am hesitant to agree that he "saw the future", rather he was exposed to it, because he was unable or unwilling to use this information it I think the article vastly overestimates the value of the mind of chaox.   He wasn't the raving lunatic that everyone ignored, he simply didn't bring any useful information to the table. If he were to do so, he would easily be able to either create his own brand, or consult on a team. He has had offers to do so, in fact I think he did coach one challenger team for a short while and there was nothing extraordinary about his personal performance.
1	A  few astute summoners have noticed that Pantheon's ultimate is acting a little strange since the 4.7 patch, carrying a much longer landing time.   Riot Draggles responded to the thread, nothing the bug/change as logged: "Hmm, thanks for spotting this, I'll escalate this right now and report back when I have more info." He continued: "Not sure if it's intended or a bug, but either way it's now been logged; the tooltip doesn't match the game so something's going on!"   Pwyff also stepped in to comment on the bug and the hostile title of "Riot ninja nerfing to sell Dragonslayer Pantheon": Thread got forwarded to me and I'll ask the team to look into it.  As a side note, even if this was detected to be an unintentional ship, the process to deploy even a single change to millions of players is slightly more complicated than flipping a switch, so it might be a little while to hit this. In other words, bumping the thread nonstop after we've confirmed we'll be tracking it down may not be the best use of your time :)  As an additional side note, can I just mention something? For some reason it feels like you're going out of our way to assume negative intentions, even when there's never been precedent. Given that we've never 'stealth nerfed' a champion (that's an insane gamble for player trust) to sell anything, but we've shipped a lot of accidental nerfs / buffs over the years, I find it hard to jump to the conclusion that this is the time we switched our mindset.  If this was indeed an unintentional ship, the other thing I'd apply is Hanlon's Razor ( but maybe a little nicer on calling us stupid. I'd say more like occasionally careless, but I'd also counter that with the fact that the ecosystem of League's code is incredibly complex. There are millions of different unrelated dependencies, so changing one thing can have unintended consequences on others. As a great example, when we shipped our global +4 armor to all champions to compensate for the armor rune nerfs, a few champions who were getting skins / model changes (Twitch) ended up shipping without the armor buffs because their code dependencies forced the old armor values. No malicious intent anywhere - just a lot of change.  The skins team loves to make skins, and the gameplay team strives to ensure the live game is healthy at all levels. The only major times those teams jump together to coordinate a skin launch is when we're trying to ensure no major champion updates hit after a skin launch (and that's so it doesn't lead to massive player confusion). Outside of that, it's just not player focused to be trying to maintain a live game ecosystem while also trying to maintain some kind of skin launch cadence. So we don't do it. And you can see this in the times we blatantly nerf a champion as a skin is coming out (sometimes it gets tragically coincidental and I get headaches).   Just throwing my two cents out there. I realize I'm not going to convince everyone with these kind of things, but pleasant conversations are nice :)  Also I'll pass along the Quinn stuff. There are a few comments I'm noticing with models getting locked in certain directions while casting spells but that might be a bigger problem to tackle. Also I realize AD Malzahar is a thing, but it's also a very weird niche thing that requires high-level knowledge of Malzahar to pull off. Promoting AD ratios might give it more visibility and honestly just cause confusion. For all of the above, there also comes a cost of prioritization. Every change we make is potentially a different change we can't make. Even if we hire more coders, the fact is we have one kitchen and if we cook a billion things at a time with a billion chefs, we're going to get our orders crossed up.  I lost track of that analogy, but the
1	This guy is right, the only reason it was not implemented on aram and tt was because it is much harder to stack up the bloodthirster because there are less minions, but now it does not require stacks it is a viable item to be implemented into these other game modes
1	I've been playing League for about 3 years now.   I started to play the game because most of my friends were playing this while I was playing HoN, I came over thinking League was the lesser game. which is somewhat true, if you just take the mechanics at heart, but I digress.   Ended season 1 just about Bronze and was disgusted with myself as I thought I would fare much better coming off a similar game with a 2000elo, yes it's a totally different game, but I thought my skillset of HoN would translate easily into League... which didn't at all. I tried to play Super carry every single time as of how I was winning my HoN games most of the time.   Problem is... there is no real Hyper carry in LoL and is much more team oriented than HoN will ever be. Took me awhile to adjust myself, playing with trolls and being unable to carry because of it made me rage quite a bit, but I persevered and ended Season 2 in Gold with a highest rating of 1700 before the rating collapse just before the end of the season.   Now season 3 is abound and took me forever to get out of silver 1 (I was placed there for some reason at the beginning of the season although my rating was much higher). I think I failed my promotion like 5 times. But I persevered again, I'm currently Gold 5 promotion to 4 and looking to get to Plat this season.   I've played a shit tons of games, face palmed more than what not, but I've found out that attitude is everything. I'm a stubborn guy and I cannot tell you how many times I went on a losing streak of like 15 games only because I wanted to get back the elo I had lost from two back to back losses. Now I just stop playing after losing two or three games depending on how I play. I mean you can tell if you're just playing badly or not, because if I don't I will lose continuously and I bet you do too.   Another thing that people don't seem to do enough is work with your team, as I stated above, coming from HoN I was used to just pick an Hypercarry and roll faces, but this cannot be done in League of Legends or at least, not by yourself. I never wanted to support, because when was the last time you heard of a support carrying? Well due to being the better man, I found myself supporting quite a bit in late season two and early season three and I will dare to say that I've become quite good at it. I've found out that while I'm a beast hyper carry in MOBA that let's me, I am a much better support / enabler in League of Legends, my main roles are junglers and support and what I do is enable my team mates to carry as I hope them being ahead can make up for future errors that they'll do.   Be the one that makes the calls. in solo queue nobody calls shit, be that guy, be the team captain. I can guarantee you that it works more often than not, your team will listen accordingly (because most of them are just looking for direction, so why not be the one taking charge?), use pings to your advantage, communicate with your team, don't let anything to chance. Also, try to calm people down, stay positive, most of the time, debbie downers will not be able to go against your positive energy if you keep saying keep it up / it's fine / we're still into this / focus. If they do though, just don't reply to their remarks, I can't stress this enough (especially on NA)  DO NOT FALL TO THEIR LEVELS ,  do not play their games .   Because the rabbit hole goes down as far as the rabbit wants.   So yeah, I'll be honest, it's been a bitch to get out of Silver 1 even if I ranked much higher in season 2, but now everything is Gold again and I'm making my way up to Plat. You just have to realize that even if you do everything right and still lose, Solo Queue should not be about Elo, it's really about improving yourself as a player fixing the errors you do in a game, take advantage of the successes you had and bring that attitude forward to your following game. I wasn't good enough to carry myself out of Silver 1, failed my promotion so many times, but I knew I could do it. Analyzed my games and noticed my failures, fixed the errors and finally did it.   wall of text; shame on me
0	intra- = internally   inter- = inbetween   ...-ish, don't take this too literally, just as a general rule of thumb   Edit: forgot single \ns are ignored by Reddit.
0	Building off what some others have said. I am 24 at Uni and ever since freshman year I have been involved in whatever was going on. There is always a party or girls or bars and always drinks. Last year my best friend growing up committed suicide and my adventures got out of control. With absolutely no exaggeration in the months between April 2011 and August of 2012 I blacked out more than 50 times, lost a job after trying to kill myself by taking a bottle of Welbutrin then going to work (the effects are scary as shit). I also wound up in the hospital 4 times with alcohol poisoning, wrecked my car twice and finally got a DUI. I left damaged relationships in my wake.   Don't get me wrong I had a fair amount of fun. There are always girls willing to fuck and people willing to buy you drinks to keep the party going, but at some point it gets depressing. Its the same goal each night. Drink, fuck, and try not to die or get arrested. Eventually I realized that the sex wasn't worth it because I didn't even remember anything but blacked out snapshots anyway. I threw away my health and grades for it all, not to mention an exorbitant amount of money.   All of the friends that I went out with are still friends. We still talk and see each other occasionally, but its different. On the outside looking in to the nightmare that I went through, it seems like an abyss containing nothing but despair and pain. I wish I could pull them out too, but they are smart. They will figure it  out soon.   I haven't drank since September 20th of 2012 and it has completely turned my life around. I'm a straight A student now after switching to Chem Eng, and I've realized that I meet more friends now than I did before. Lasting friends. I have 2 jobs at school that are pretty sweet. I teach with a girl that is in the women of (My School) calendar, and I've been inspired to learn German by the hot german girl I sit next to in one of my classes. So friends may be lost, but simultaneously opportunities and better friends will be thrown at your face like dicks at a bukkake.
1	This goes back to balance changes.  If they nerf those adc's being able to carry in botlane will be near impossible.  Where I am at in platinum it is extremely hard for botlane to carry, even when your adc gets 5 plus kills early.  I know this because I main support and make it really hard for my adc to lose lane.  Thus we usually win lane but it doesn't matter if another lane does poorly.  Bot has nearly no carry potential.  If they nerf the main strong adc's bot will be completely irrelevant.
1	I mean you answered it yourself there.   The Dota decision making team does dumb things (you can see it for yourself by playing Dota2), that game is crap.  All they had to do was pretty much release an updated version of LoL, but even that was too much for them.  Yes they have an SEA server and it is shit and it takes a long long time to even get in a game because of lack of interest.  While i'm not saying Riot couldn't do it, but I mean they can only do so much at once.  They aren't going to overextend themselves when their current servers aren't all up to par.
1	It's a great thing that he is still able to play even without functional hands. He also deserves some reckognition for this. (Inbound down boats for this:) At the same time, he's not the only one out there having a hard time at life, so please don't go overboard on one guy, look at the whole image of his situation in relation to others. People are going way overboard in the comments on his twitch stream, while it's from the best of intention (i suppose) that people write it, it still gets quite silly to read after a few minutes.
0	Well, if we're using our grandparents as a reference, then yes.  They have earned the right to a retirement.  Our generation still has yet to earn the right to rest on our laurels.  Older generations have had to deal with the draft(s) and thus far all we have had to deal with is an entirely voluntary military, plus all the benefits of modern technology.  Sure we've experienced tragedies... but as a generation we haven't experienced anything remotely as tragic as D-Day, or any of the World Wars in general.  All we've been good for is a few Gulf wars and a bunch of shitty diplomacy.   All of this is not to say our current veterans do not also deserve a great retirement, as they certainly do.   My point is:  earlier generations dealt with much more shit than us.  They can say shit like OP's attempt at a meme because, well, their generation earned it.
0	I agree, I don't think I'm overly attractive; but this one time I was getting onto a bus and I asked how much it was to get to where I wanted to go and the bus driver said "it's normally 2.80 but your a good looking chap so have it for 2.40 ... I'm not gay".
0	Same here only I didn't have a high IQ. My dad started teaching me math, reading even a little bit of algebra before I started kinder garden. Sure I only really picked up on the math and some of the algebra but all the way to grade 7 I was the kid who wouldn't stop asking questions.   Lots of counselor's told my parents their was something wrong with me. Had a grade 1 teacher that taught us for english who thought I was slow and should be let back.   Some of my teachers hated me cause I was the "brat" but I was lucky and had a few teachers who liked me cause I was so respectful.   Some of my teachers had me as the class tutor because I would finish homework so fast. Some just to get me off their back because I was asking for something to do and some cause the help made their job easier.   Fucking school I was in wouldn't let me skip ahead so come grade 7 I just gave up and called it in. Grade 8 - 12 I never handed in a single piece of homework.   Graduated with straight C-'s across the board. My highest grade was in English 12 because the final was worth 60% of my mark and I got a perfect score on the provincial.
1	This is true, but if you play enough games your win rate will be at ~50%.If you are very good, lets say prof player, then yes you could have a lot more. For most of us, if you play well you get a 52-54% win rate.   If you criticize one game, then yes. I just had yesterday a game where we had a huge lead, our amumu wanted a 2 man baron and when the enemy team came, he didn't let baron regenerate and just kept poking it. Resulted in him dying and giving baron. Changed the whole game and we lost.
1	As frustrating as these losses are, this is not an example of "trolls" in this game.   In the two cases you cited, you had one lane get completely dominated.  This can easily snowball to a team loss, even if you do well in the other lanes.   People commonly confuse unskilled play with trolling.  At low skill levels, and even higher skill levels, there will be times where someone gives up 6-7 kills in lane.  It's really too bad, and very frustrating to lose those games, because you feel like you played fine or even that you played well.  Unfortunately that is the nature of a team game.   Also, I doubt in the two games played, it was  entirely  the mord and akali's fault the game was lost.  It's easy to get caught and lose the game, and then blame someone who was feeding earlier to the game loss.  Sure they contributed, but in the end it's a team that loses not a single player.
1	I will agree that Regi has been underperforming, or as some might say performing as badly as they expected.   It's not just him though.  Xpecial has making some questionable moves.  His flash stun with Annie was really awkward.  The casters said that he did it after Regi left, but that wasn't the case, it was almost like he did it without communicating to his team, it was so strange how nobody tried to follow up, which makes me wonder why he did it.   In the first game versus SKT, Dyrus made a  really  dumb decision when he literally walked towards Renekton... who could stun him... and gave up first blood.  That was one of the only few times I would say I noticed TSM doing something stupid.   And I know it's easy to watch things unfold and see the mistakes happening and think "man why did he do that.." but some of the things Dyrus did in these past few TSM games were just confusing.  What's crazy about that is that I'm a Silver V shitter.  I'm only really good at the game compared to my friends and a lot of people I encounter in solo queue.  Dyrus was an NA allstar, so was Xpecial, and all of them are mechanically superior to me and have superior game knowledge, but that's exactly why I'm trying to say that their play confused me.  They are all very good players and I actually like all of their personalities, but when I saw them make mistakes that even I wouldn't make (casting hemo on a healthy Shen who has high MR who can escape easily, walking back into a 2v1 after narrowly escaping) it's just disheartening!   I wish TSM would play as good as they truly are.  I don't think they were at the top of their game.  It wasn't just facing better opponents, I feel like it was a combination of nerves and really bad communication and a lack of coordination.  If they played like that versus GG.eu, it would have been a very shaky win for TSM.   I really hope that they figure out a better way to communicate.  Maybe not rely on only Regi to make calls, at least not all of them.  It should be all of them making calls whenever they see an opportunity to create a play, and everyone needs to have calm nerves and the confidence in themselves and the person calling the play to follow up on the call.
1	TBH, Monte is critical, but fair. Thoorin is the problem. Monte actually backs up why he didn't like the plays, picks, and how it could have played. Thoorin is just a dick that bashes TSM for the heck of it and makes personal insults at Regi.
1	The responsibility for the Meta, from a design perspective, lies with Riot a bit more than your comment would indicate.  LoL is a fast paced game with a plethora of champions and items; the goal being to win, to be the 'best.'  The path the being the best is more about a calculation than a choice.  For a ludicrous example, you could build an AP Caitlynn, you have the option, that choice.  Would your entire team considering you batshit insane/pants-on-head retarded?  More than likely.  Is it anywhere near effective or efficient?  No.  Efficiency calculations are what determines most builds from guide sites.  Skill, situation, and composition modify the values quite a bit, but with some basic awareness and skill, the advantages become clear.   The player calculate the most effective solution they can but Riot, as the designer, is also responsible for there being 1 particular calculation that works so reliably/overwhelming well.  Now, they are certainly trying to shake things up and they started with the most globally effective change; the jungle.  We've started the effects too; counter jungling is now a huge part of the jungler role, or even the entire team.  If Riot can provide adequate tools to achieve comparable results to the current Meta, then the blame will lie purely with the players; that being said, no one will know there's adequate tools until we try to use them.   On the flip side, between the constant 'do this or we lose' and people afraid to deviate from single-buildpath guides certainly doesn't help the community/players break free from the Meta.  I think honestly a large shift (other than gimmicks) would have to start in normals before anyone in ranked would even consider something other than a DPS/0cs-Support bot, AP mid, Fast AoE jungler and sustain bruiser top.
0	3rd grade teacher here. I work in a low-income, inner-city school district.   We're currently dealing with a lot of bullying in my classroom. The kids are constantly calling each other "fags" or "gay" or "retarded". At least once a day, I hear the bullying. When I hear it, I try to deal with it. I try to stress to them that being "gay" a "girl"or "retarded" is not bad, so we need to stop using those labels as insults.   However, I can only deal with it when I hear it. I can't send students to the office because someone else said they called them a name. I have to actually hear (or see) these things happen. For example, yesterday my phone was stolen. The phone was found in one of my student's desks (which I can't actually go through, because of privacy issues). Although we had multiple other students telling us that another student stole the phone, then handed it off to the other student, the student whose desk we found it in got suspended because he actually had it. We have no proof the other student stole it.   Then, when the S1 was written, we couldn't actually say that the student stole it. We had to say that we found the student with the phone, which leads us to believe he was the one who stole it. There have been too many issues with parents in the past who say "Did you see him actually steal it? Then how do you know it was him?"   And as for the tattling - I don't punish for it, but I have multiple students with whom it reaches extreme levels. I kid you not, they will come up to me about once every 10 minutes, usually to tell me that "so-and-so looked at me! Make them stop looking at me!" It has reached the point where we have had to have discussions and threaten to call parents about the tattling. Otherwise, my entire day would be taken up with listening to the kids complain about their peers. Sometimes the tattling is legitimate. Usually it's not. When I have 7 hours, (although, once you factor in the 15 minutes in the morning to get settled, the 2+ hours for specials/lunch/recess and the half hour to pack up at the end, I usually have closer to 4 hours) to teach these kids something,  I don't have time to be dealing with petty tattling. The tattling usually results in tears from some party involved, which then disrupts the whole class and there's more time gone.   I can't punish hearsay. If one of my kids tells me someone called them something, I can confront them about it, but if they deny it, I'm stuck.   I've tried to become hyper-vigilant. I've learned which students are my bullies and I try to watch them like a hawk, but with 26 kids demanding my attention, I miss stuff. And it sucks.   Which isn't to say I don't sometimes punish the bullies, even if I don't see it. I might get worried my ass will be on the line if one of the bullies goes home and tells mom, but it will get to the point where I'll have to throw that fear out the window.   The worst part is - no matter how many times I reprimand them or we have discussions about why we need to stop using labels as insults, it will still continue. It will continue when my back is turned, or when they're out at the playground. It will happen when they think I'm not listening, but I actually am. It will still happen, and I have yet to find a surefire way to stop it.   It scares me to death that one day, it will be one of my kids who commits suicide because they're being bullied. They're my babies and the thought of anything happening to my kids hurts. I can try my hardest to see it, but I know I can't see it all, and if I can't see it, I can't punish it.   We're not ALL heartless teachers, looking for any crack that we can use to build ourselves up while tearing our students down. Most of us got into education so we could try to make a difference with our students.   And just for the record, I don't have "snitches get stitches" tattooed across my chest.
1	The thing people don't understand is he got put behind on lee sin very early. Lee early game is his strong point, but at this point he was too behind. Lee's mid game isn't good at all if you're behind and his late game, even if you're 6 item, is trash.   So at that point lee is a gambling play maker. He had to try and make plays otherwise lee is a useless champ (does no damage and once he goes in he's in for good)
1	Blocked at work.  Can anyone
1	Not necessarily, Trundle is more of a niche pick since there's certain comps that completely shut him down or make him useless regardless of if he's doing his job. He also has to have a team that does damage behind him in teamfights or else he could do everything right but his team will be destroyed because they're out damaged.
1	Parents in asian countries rely more on other systems to raise their children. It's changing but teachers were responsible for raising kids and given lots of leeway. In america you have the complete opposite.  You see shitty parents and no way for teachers to step in.   Also labor laws aren't the best in asian countries and my cousin can literally go days without seeing his dad. That's also partly the education system.   When you're spending all the time awake away from your parents, the government should step in. Different systems. In America,  you get kids coming home at 3pm as opposed to after dinner or at 2am.
1	Well while it is important that Riot focuses on all levels of play if you look at pro games in Korea you'd be hard pressed to find a game where you couldn't predict the victor with a high degree of success within the first 18 minutes.   At least now after the early game change to turrets, we are seeing straight up 2v2 bot lane match ups again, rather than the 2v1-top laners farm jungle til lvl2-first successful dive gets tier 1 and tier 2 turrets meta. That made the top lane role seem far less impactful, even though we are currently in a tank meta I've still seen a lot more duels and plays being made by top laners after the change, compared to before where they are struggling with their first 6 levels for a large portion of the game.   Also, once again this problem really only seems to apply to the level of play. My experience in solo queue is that games drag on because people don't know how to snowball and close out, not because of things Riot's done. Teams get advantages and twiddle their thumbs for 10 minutes, farming and not grouping, sitting in lane after taking tower, and poor prioritization of objectives.   My last point in this rant is that both Lee and Elise have been at the top of the jungle food chain for the longest time. Seeing them take a hit won't be the end of the world when they've been relatively unchanged for what seems like ages (though I will admit Lee is a lot more balanced than the spider). And early game junglers have been on the rise in solo queue and LCS. The advent of Pantheon and Wukong with the reemergence of Evelynn seem to suggest more stress on snowballing the early game than surviving to late game.
1	I watch the stream because you are an amazing guy. I love watching you rage on solo queue or when you make "THE PLAYS" with OddOne. You have a great music selection, I even made a Gorillaz playlist on my Pandora because of hearing it on your stream, i knew who they were and liked their music i just never thought to put it in a Pandora station. You inspire me to be a better League player. I admit I do take somethings I watch on your stream or videos and try them out in my games, because I main top too, and they are fun. Like playing Volibear with Surge, I had such a fun time doing that. I've only started watching streams a little while ago, and I'm sad that I didn't earlier because I've been playing for such a long time. I know there is a chance that this won't really be seen by you, but if it does then I hope you can enjoy my words from a simple guy. You are always entertaining to watch, at least in my book. I even leave your stream on sometimes when i'm playing just to hear your audio, whether I'm playing solo queue or with friends. So if you decide to try and entertain more or even just stay the same i'll still watch your stream.
1	just because they will be only asian teams left does not mean it will be boring and it will be a stomp. please don't lose hope on the remaining western teams and be it that 2 samsung teams fight each other it will be really entertaining as the last time they fought together in OGN it was really close. If ever shield becomes the winner of the other side of the bracket expect the finals not to be a stomp and if it would be either chinese teams let's hope they will redeem themselves as china's performance as a whole is not that great.
1	The reason why I really detest having to play support, is that whenever I que up for draft pick (in normals or ranked) I always say "I can play any role, but I'd prefer  __  and  __ ." Whereas I'd typically request mid or jungle. However usually I'm last pick, or everyone then proceeds to call a position, and I'm left with support. Every. Time. I don't mind playing support, but if I have to play it every game, it gets boring. I play league for champions like Brand, Lee Sin, Nocturne, Leblanc, and so on. I play supports because I know it'll help my team, but in doing so, I never get to play what I want to play.   It also doesn't help when my carries cannot carry. A good support can't really do much in a team where your carries don't know what they're doing.
0	Can confirm, my dad has been a verbally, and emotionally abusive alcoholic since I was born. It got to a point where I just gave up trying to help him, realized he was a cancer in my life and needed to be cut out. I'm 24 now, dealing with severe depression, taking medication and going to therapy. I'm learning that despite on the surface none of that shit he's done bugs me anymore, it has fucked up my emotional development. I was the oldest of 4 and because of that anytime something got too out of hand it was up to me to distract my siblings and keep them away from it all. I had to grow up too early, and not having any emotional support for as long as I did just fucked me up even more. Doing better now, but I have a long road ahead of me before I can feel any sort of "normal" again. I never really realized how much of an impact a childhood like that can have impacted this deeply on someones psyche.
1	Since I do not have an account on NA, I'll just post my suggestion here. :)     In my opinion the overlapping lanes, and the negativity caused by it, are the biggest issue in ranked games.     One of the biggest issues is that people call  one  lane. "I'M MID" "MID OR TROLL"... While one could assume that a player who's playing ranked games can play at least a couple of lanes adequately.     The time constrains make it hard to have enough time to ask around if players would be willing to play another spot.       Now a solution that would  not  be a one fix for all the problems in the champion select, but would cut some of the ifs and effs off the select:     Give players a way to select spots from the current meta spots.   Make them pick at least two of Mid/Top/ADc/Sup/Jungle.   Do not make this so that it'd force anything . Just so that people, as soon as they enter the lobby, see that  "ohh first pick wants top or mid and second pick is willing to play any spot... Maybe I'll get to jungle"     This would not remove trolls. This would not force anyone to a meta... Thus this would not be an all-in-one wondersolution, but it would cut out the need to trying to solve if the last pick is actually willing to support or will he go troll on the other players. If the good guys in the lobby see that the last two picks does not want to support, one of the first three picks will most likely "take the bullet" and pick support.   "hmmm. First pick wants top or mid, so does the second pick. Last pick wants to jungle or mid and fourth wants to adc or mid.. I guess I'll go for the support so we can fill the spots without a fight."   I hope this gets to the Rioters, Lyte, statuskwoh, even from here.   And apologies if this has already been suggested. There were just too many posts (40+ pages on the forums and more than 400 posts here) to go through them all :)
1	I have always a problem with champions which are strong but balanced for such a long time and then get nerfed through the ground because a shift of the meta...   Cho'Gath was basically the same (he was my favorite champion for a LOOONG loong time). Somehow it was recognized that he could easily win fights against the whole enemy team alone while running away and get a tripple kill without problems. Then he was nerfed insanely on basestats, basedamage, health, extrahealth from his ult AND scaling.  He was undoubtedly broken, but it had still a bad feeling.   What I am trying to say is: Balance is something which really changes from the point of view you are standing on. For one, a champion almost always feels weaker when played then having to play against. But even more so, discovering all these neat lil tricks and builds really can uncover unknown depths to a champion.   Just plainly nerfing a previously balanced champ because a stronger strategy or a new meta develops doesn't seem ideal, even though I get while they can't possibly throw up a rework the very next week.   This difference is one of the main problem i feel with Riots balancing. They want a big player base, so they try to keep the game balanced at lower ELOs and even levels. Therefore stealth was and still is hard to balance. You can hardly expect a new player to now exactly where to put a sight or vision ward to protect yourself against a stunning (i.e. old) Eve, or Shaco.   Otherwise  the game is supposed to work on very high levels of play and for professional gamers who know all these things. That is for instance, what Blizzard is balancing for and they say basically to all the lower tier players: Deal with it. If you don't know how to defend against X look it simply up...   Really hard to say which of these ways to prefer.   From my standpoint: The more alive changing and creative the metagame is the better it gets. Guess we have to wait until season 3 (at least) to sea if Riot may change their attitude.
1	Uhm im not entirely sure what i wrote but i think it was for shutting down akali etc. If it isnt that just tell me what i did wrote and ignore what im going to write now :D. You get a champion with strong basic atacks like jayce or a range champion and get ad runes/masteries on him get a pink ward and watch akali die from basic atacks. If she hasnt died til lvl 6 she either backed like alteast once and u managed to get ahead of her which is still a win or she got ganks from the jungler which is still a win cuz that way ur other lanes can do whatever they want while the jungle is camping you.
0	I think it is important for children to understand that money is a concern for everyone, what is key is that you discuss money in a constructive way, regardless of whether your children are in the room.  If you set an example of how to hold a productive discussion about complex topics, it will show them an example.  If you show them how it is possible to budget, they get a sense of the value of money.
1	Agree. Nearly every time riot introduced a new item they deleted old ones. Newest example being the new SotAGolem. Why didnt the leave the old golem in and introduced the new golem and quillcoat as a new item?   On the other hand they keep introducing shitty new items with cool sounding unique effects but such shitty stat-mixes, buildpaths or slot-efficiency that noone will ever build them.   In my opinon Magic-Resist-Itemization for tanks is one of the few examples, how item-diversity should be done: You have 3 different items to choose from, all are similar efficent in terms of gold and slots; all give you the stats you need (400HP 40+MR) and each of them has a different topping, so you can choose what you want in a certain situation. Need teamfightpower => Locket. Need to block 1 important Spell => Banshees. Have a Soraka and a cool selfheal => Spirit Visage. A similar example are the UG-Staff-Items. All give you the AP you need and you can choose between them based on if you want burst, DPS or Surviveability.   This principle should be used for Classes of items!   Worst offender is the support itemisation. Im looking at you Talisman! Talisman is straight out a shitty item. Nobody wants to wast a slot for 20% CDR and a bit of mana-reg. But it happens to have like the best aktive in the game on it, which is too important in certain situations to not have it. Thus you are stuck with a shitty item and miss out a lot of tankyness as support. Worst thing about Talisman is, that even with its priceless strategical value it is blocked out by all other Gold items. So as a jungle tank you cant enhance your engage-potential because you would need to sacrifice your clearspeed and alot of tankyness for 20% CDR -.-. As a support you cannot build that valueable Shield for your beloved ADC because then your team would never catch that enemy ziggs......   In my opinion shureilas active should be a (very expensive) Boots enhancement, so everyone has access to it.
1	Karma's rework is a bit odd. A couple friends of mine are crying OP on her. (Shield that scales pretty well with AP)   The Mantra bonuses are crazy giving Karma interesting tools to surprise her opponents. When she mantra's they don't know is a massive AOE shield + DMG coming, A ninja 25% max health heal on W, or an empowered Q where the already decently based stat AOE Q gets an additional burst on the initial hit AND the AOE after.   Imo Karma is a farm support mage. Stick her mid and she doesn't have much kill potential, but she can farm waves with her Q like crazy. Come late game when her cool downs are pretty low she'll be supporting her team like crazy while dealing decent magic damage.
1	I'm Platinum 1 with 98 points at the moment, if you are good with Twisted Fate you can play midlane. But he is definetly still good at the moment, most people just dont realize it, I really have passion for this champion and  his roams carry teams easily if used right.
0	It's like this. You can like or dislike what you will, but that is your own personal subjective choice. What makes you a bitch is not.   For example, maybe someone sucks cock for money. Perhaps they dislike being called a whore, slut, prostitute, cocksucker, whatever. But hopefully they can refrain from using this tired-ass Morpheus meme to back sass people by saying something like "what if I told you I just like sucking dick and sometimes money is cool."   Now what you say is probably a factual statement. I'm sure lots of people don't so much care for driving stick, hence the otherwise inexplicable popularity of manual transmissions. Nevertheless, if it walks like a bitch, drives like a bitch (and above all, bitches on the Internet about its friends teasing it like a bitch) there is definitely a non-zero probability of its (your) being a bitch.
0	It is because these companies do not trust their staff. Or at least this was historically the case, now it may be more of a custom. The idea that people are tricked into thinking the price is much lower because of one cent is too simple and suggests people are not too bright.   If a product costs 99 cents, staff need to use the register to take out the one cent to give as change. However, if the product is a dollar, staff could more easily pocket the money and never put it through the register. Most people surprisingly wait for the one cent, even if they intend to give it away at the first available opportunity.
1	Except all these complaints are not relevant. They come from a missconception of people between win-ratio and Elo.   Yes, someone can be "Plat Elo" with more losses than wins if he happens to do a nearly 50-50 against diamond players (for example, if he's duoQing with a high diamond). It's not wrong and it's working as intended, the Elo system gives you more points if you win against higher elo and removes you less points if you lose against higher Elo.   As opposed to current league system, it's still completely coherent.  League system: you can be significantly higher "Elo (hidden mmr) while being a division below, which is kind of dumb.
1	Akali can R three times, it gets another use on kill or assist. Diana's R goes on CD unless you hit them with Q first. Then it refreshes. Since Q does not refresh when R does you get 2 uses  max.   Her combo isn't gone, it's just dramatically different. Her ult isn't used to chase like Akali's is, it's now used for it's meager damage.
0	This is true. But the very soft cheeses generally have some lactose in them. I can consume pizza with relative impunity since mozzarella seems to be very low in lactose. Lasagne is riskier; apparently the ricotta can be problematic (I assume it's not the provalone).   People with lactose intolerance seem to have different levels of intolerance. Some people can't even eat pizza without having issues.  Over the years, I seem to have gotten a bit less sensitive, although drinking a glass of milk without taking lactase enzyme would still be quite disastrous.
0	Generally you should just say "good drawing" because who the hell cares and it will make them feel good. It doesn't matter if it isn't the next Mona Lisa.   If they are genuinely asking for advice - not your opinion - but your advice on how to improve it, then you could say something like "I love what you did with the clouds, but I think it might look better with more vegetation".
1	Pinging "miss" 137 times   "OMG U DIDNT CALL SS REPORT"   "Are you fking kidding me?"     Then i learned to "ping back(retreat)" 3 times in my lane and 3 times in other lanes
1	I really like how the top section looks. But i am missing things in this picture. To me it seems like the whole store disappeared and i can no longer manage teams and decide which runes i take and some other stuff. The information riot has on his many pages cannot be put onto one page. But you could leave the top section like it is and switch the image below it.   If you click on play the different game modes would pop up below and similar with shop and other things. The notification would have to move to the top section with this as well since the bottom section changes all the time.
1	I think that post was pretty vague to claim that.  There's no proof that "3 minutes of the game, my top, mid and jungle were AFK" (too easy to fabricate to simple make a point) and that he didn't already have 2 or 3 deaths.   I've played games with an eve where no one has said a thing. I think the real problem is- people need to do it right and carefully or not at all.   The problem isn't that the stealth changes aren't here, it's that people pick eve. You can still do well as eve, but the game has still changed A LOT from when she had a stun. Twitch can be viable, it's not the stealth mechanic- it's the baddies who don't understand how to play her.   On a last argument I've seen in the comments- disabling her would be stupid, and a bad decision based on what Riot believes in and strives to do.
1	Honestly, this video is pretty stupid and doesn't give any more credibility to Riot's balacing. You can not take out one aspect of the changes and look at it and the results, without looking at everything else. A lot of other Champs got nerfed along the board. The bursting AP Kayle is pretty much not viable and that is BECAUSE of this nerf and the Lich Bane nerf. Just because another build seemed to work and became popular does not justify this type of game design or make it good. I played Kayle with attack speed style before the nerfs even hit her. Burst Kayle was never a thing to me, it was pretty much a different Champion. And that Champion got removed from the game, because it is so much worse than the attack speed one.
1	I'd like to have the ability to disable pings. If you're a good player, your watching the minimap almost always and know if a gank might happen, because your team is calling mia's. So many times a player pings like hell the moment he gets ganked because he overextended and wasn't paying attention. There's not much we can do now for him.
1	The biggest problem I have with this idea is that you wouldn't be able to move the camera away from your champion.  One of the biggest pros to having the camera unlocked is being able to see your teammates in other lanes, when they come down to gank, when you're ganking, and just keep a better idea of what's going on across the WHOLE map, not just what's happening around your character.  Try playing with your camera unlocked.  I quit locked cam cold turkey and it turned out okay in the end.  You can activate skill shots (without actually casting them) and use that range as a means of keeping track of your champion in fights or just reentering lane.
0	Alright, story time. For context, I'm a homosexual. Not bi or anything, no sexual interest in women. I've been suffering from depression for YEARS, and lately it's hit me how lonely I am. Well, last year, I was lab partners in school with this super nice girl. We had chemistry, and regardless of how close we became, we could have a pretty fantastic discussion on any conversation, and we got pretty deep sometimes. Well, senior year started, and we happened to walk in at the same time on the first day. She started talking to me, and the chemistry is still there. Suddenly she's the only thing I can think about, how I might have a shot at not being alone because of her, and how my life can be perfect. Today, we passed each other in the hall, and she made eye contact and smiled.
1	Every discussion about any champ is fine! From reading your post, i noticed that you note the strong points about Vayne, but you don't mention many (and she has many) of her weaknesses.   First of all, she has a bad laning phase. Short attack range and bad trading early (unless she gets three shots off, which is rare without taking too much return damage) makes you almost lose every matchup (if both botlanes are equal in skill).   Secondly, Vayne has a short attack range in teamfights. You say that, if she has a strong frontline, she can survive everything. The fact is, she is actually almost IN the frontline. There should be ample chances to get some CC on her, and when you do, she is so close to everyone that you can jump on her. That is why she got stealth in her kit, which can be counterplayed by pinks, so always have a spare pink to use on her in teamfights and get some of that CC landed (non skillshot CC should be considered in champion select).   Three, Vayne has some of the worst wave clear in the game (unless she gets Shiv). If the rest of their team comp doesn' t have waveclear to compensate, group early and push down objectives. She can't do anything against it.   Summary: Vayne is very strong in ideal matchups, but can be shut down in lane by hard CC and trading/pushing matchups. Get pinks and CC to shut her down in teamfights and siege objectives when possible.
1	It's basicly the same as I said, i just forgot about the number of ferocity stacks. My logic behind this is that mana champions are easier to balance because you have another tool to use to nerf or buff the champion, besides CDs and values, but with 5 ferocity stacks you need to have very low mana costs so he could spam a lot because of his mechanics, but with 4 you could limit him by getting apropriate mana costs and create better counter play and at the same time have an "healthy" spamability so you can get the empowered skills in lane and team fights. (In before Muramana rengar.)   In my sugestion I kept the ferocity stacks because it's core to his mechanic and theme and I assume it's hard to code a double resource champion, specialy due to GUI restraints, so the best way to implement this is to have a stacking buff like Elise's spiders, Jax 3rd AA, etc.   About actual numbers on base damages and ratios, I have no idea, but making him a mana champion would making less of a hard champion to balance and Riot and the actual Rengar players, Rengar mains and good math theorycrafters to find out good numbers on him to have him achieve a relevant spot instead of a sort of "bad niche pick", since he doesnt fit as splitpusher anymore, assassin or tank, at least not as good a before but a very mediocre one. He's kinda on the same spot as Lee Sin now but with a weak laning and bad jungle sustain.   Also, I do not own Rengar, I'd like to buy him though, but I think I actually had a good idea to fix him.   And I don't think rengar has bad design, it has "too good design", which is even worse. Karma, as a support, has bad design, her spells don't fit laning fase, that's bad design. Rengar is, like you said, too good at everything.   edit:  Reading now some stuff, I think his heal could scale with AD, so if you build damage, it forces you to chose to heal in teamfights or burst with Q (despite with 4 stacks, like i sugested, both would be an easier feat to acomplish in a team fight). It's retarded to have an high %hp heal on a tanky champion with somewhat potential high dps (not like Maokai), and in lane it's not that "dangerous" because people for damage in top lane usually build arpen or BotrK nowadays. Also, his ulti shouldn't give all stacks but full-1, so you can chose what to use as an empowered ability while opening with another.
1	A letter to the jungler, from your Top lane   Compare all Lanes. Bot is a farm fest. If the players are somwhat good they can be behind and still freeze the lane with eaze. A gank will probably give your bot a good advantage, but thats not game breaking.   So lets go to mid! Mid lane. short. so short. and there is this awfull uncovered distance between the brushes and the actuall Lane. horrible to gank unless someone overextends. And even if you give your mid a kill, the enemy mid will probably start roaming and catch up. Sad.   And there is top lane. so long, your eye can barely see from one turret to the other. All Top Laners have CC. So much room to chase. And the best thing is: 300 gold on your top lane over the enemy top lane, results in a IMMENSE snowball. zoning, tower diving, free dragons... everything possible with a 300 g lead on your top Lane.
1	I've recently bump into the guy on my pre30 account. He asked if anyone wants to duo with him after the game, and I thought "why not". We've chatted a bit, and he said that he is starting a game, having a lot of fun, watching streams to improve and enjoying improving at the game a lot. Ingame his knowledge was on silver soloq level easily (I've been playing soloq in silver4-plat3 range lately) and he was only lvl20. His attitude was awesome, and I could've said without any doubt that he's gonna be much better player in a month or two.
0	You're thinking about it too hard. The rule is there to prevent coaches from throwing their challenge flag whenever there's a close play and giving time for the booth to call down and stop play for review, which could've been why the lions coach through the flag. Assuming he knew that he was out of challenges when he threw the challenge flag, he would've been slowing down the tempo of the game so the booth could call it for review.   To just avoid the situation, they eliminate review on the play and put the responsibility on the coach to know how many challenges they have. It's unfortunate for the coach if they thought they had another challenge, but they should already know. And because they eliminate the option for review, the timing of the flag thrown doesn't matter. The fact the flag was thrown at all was why there was no review. It was going to be reviewed most likely by the refs, and overturned, but coach schwartz ruined that.
1	And completely other content.   The videos  are  great, but new players will understand very few things from these or don't care about a lot of information (new players won't see the value in spells shield negation, in dragon/baron tipps, etc. pp.)
1	Well you have to think about some things.     Corki had jsut gotten ot the fight fresh while CLG had no ults left   The 3 near death on WE's side were really only tanks/some dps, while Ezreal was abotu to have his GA popped   Based on Ezreals position, when he came back up he would have been insta killed by Corki/WE   With Ezreal down it would have come down to Oriana to clean up the rest of WE, 2-3 of whom have GA i believe
1	I used to main garen, and honestly, at lower elo (<1400) he pretty much stomps because it requires a certain level of skill to counter him (whereas it requires less skill to use him).  However, once you have the necessary skills and the right idea to counter him, playing vs him top is awesome. These are probably the best ways to fight him:   In lane: Teemo, Vlad, and Darius are all great lane counters.   As Teemo, when he uses his q to speed up, you use your w to run away.  Just poke at him all day with auto attacks, be wary of when you are going in for last hits and also when he is, and just never get hit.  Let your poison do work on his ass.  Don't chase him too far to harass him.  Do not enter the brush chasing him, and in general stay away from the brush if he's in it.   As Vlad, same type of deal, just poke him with q and auto attacks all day.  If he q's to come at you, use your blood pool at the last second and keep running.  For both vlad and teemo, be wary of the creep line and try to keep creeps between you two for easier kiteability.   As Darius, make sure you trade properly.  Harass him with your q, try your best not to push creeps but if you do make sure you ward to watch out for jungler.  If he starts his q to fight you, you must start your w and also hit your q before he gets to you.  Then, he will spin to win, do not run.  Just auto attack him.  Once he is done with his spin to win he will turn around because he can't just auto attack trade with you.  This is when you grab him back for another auto attack and another q if possible, chase him for like 1-2 seconds if you have to (this is key, if you do not grab him back he will have won the trade).  Don't chase for too far because his q will likely come back and he'll hit you again for a good chunk of damage then run away.  At this point you've probably won the trade, and he won't go near the creeps for a while because if he does you'll probably kill him.  At level 6, employ the same strategy then ult his ass for the kill.   In teamfights: If you're ranged, just walk away from him.  If he uses his q, cc him and walk away.  His q will run out, and you will be fine.  If you're a tank, cc him to help peel, then walk past him and ignore him.  Once his speed boost from q is down, unless he is standing right next to you (which if you are ranged and can position, he shouldn't be) he will be pretty useless.  Once his spin to win is used up which if you cc'd him he shouldn't hit you with it, he has no damage.  Carry on with the fight.   Typically if garen is not picked as a counter pick, at higher elo's he will be punished hard.  The other comment about akali is also accurate, although I don't play akali myself.  Another champ that can at least be ok vs garen is riven, but that requires a very high level of skill (coming from the brush, stunning, avoiding silence and dashing before it goes up, etc..)
0	My ex bf was in two bands, one was rockin' blues and the other was metal.  In his blues group, a couple of the guys also played a lot of metal, so after a few hours of drinking, their bluesy groove would get pretty fucking fast n loud.   One night they had been out in our backyard playing for hours while I was inside with our 1 month old baby trying to get her to sleep while those guys thrashed the shit out of their set list.  I finally got so upset that I opened up the window and started screaming "SHUT THE FUCK UP".  They were only about 20 feet away from me, but the continued to play, and in fact my bf started getting more and more carried away.   Finally I went outside and shut off my bf's amp and started reading him the riot act.  The look on his face was priceless, and he started explaining that he thought me screaming "SHUT THE FUCK UP" had been one of the guys throwing some metal vocals in there. He had thought it sounded really cool.
1	Ok, so you are going to hate me for this, but downvote me if you must:   Its good for you.   Yup, it is totally good for you to get stomped like. It has happened to all of us, and will happen again. The reason why its good for you is (no, not some stupid bullshit about it building character and good sportsmanship, screw that) you learn how to play better this way. By watching these guys stomp you, you can see what builds or items they do to maintain a lead, what order they grab them in, etc. Hell, by the time the game gets 1/5 and you are feeling bad, WATCH the enemy team play. Are they successfully ganking? Maybe you should grab wards. Do you have a shit lane matchup? Maybe you should swap. Do they have some sort of ridiculous carry that is strong early game? Pay attention and make sure that carry doesnt get the items needed to be a late game force.   In short, yeah most of these games will suck. BUT there is ALWAYS something to learn here, even if it is merely how to snowball a toon. Pay attention to play style and builds, for one day, you may be ahead and need this info or be trying a new toon and build.
1	Nah, that's a handwave. Pantheon does CONSIDERABLY more damage.   With a proper build and a Doran's blade, a Pantheon will have around 73 AD at level 1 (22 bonus AD) with 16 armor penetration, or more than most champions base armor.   This puts his spear at 65 + 22*1.4 = 95.8 damage against almost every target due to armor penetration.   Ryze, comparably, will take a Mana Crystal first for 450 mana, with 40 base damage on Q and an additional 36 from mana for 76 damage, mitigated by 30 magic resist minus Ryze's 8 magic pen and 15% reduction from masteries - 18.7 magic resist is still 16% reduction.
1	You're right, but the thing that makes dota more interesting when it comes to towers is the tower priority. I think league dives are safer for the diver because all it takes is a slightly weak lane and a minion wave to dive. The person being dived in dota can take the creeps behind the tower and sort of fend off dive easy.
1	when I play Akali I run 20 AP from runs and start with a Doran's blade to activate both my passives. my next items are sheen and boots right away because the damage bonus from sheen is most effective very early game and tapers off until you can turn it into a lich bane with a sufficient amount of AP
0	HAVE ALL MY UPVOTES!!!! Seriously this is the one thing that pisses me off. Migraines, while they do vary in degree and intensity for everyone, are awful. You can't move, speak, chew. Sometimes it hurts to breathe.   I have chronic daily migraines. There are times in my day I want to go into a dark, cool, soundproof box for hours and just lay down. Ok that sounds weird now but seriously. Laying down hurts. Sitting hurts. I can't support my head. My teeth can hurt. Sometimes, my hair follicles hurt.   After going through 4 doctors, I am finally at a clinic that has shown some progress in finding some relief for me.   I am undergoing intense treatment with about 4 different doctors (neurologist, neurosurgeon, nurse practitioner that specializes in migraines, and infusion therapist on top of my occupational therapist and psychologist all in one practice) to figure out the problem and hopefully find relief. I have had multiple hospitalizations, MRI's, infusions, experimental therapies, chiropractic care, occupational therapy (it is actually helping a lot), and because of all of this results in depression, psychologists. I am having another surgery Monday, and it will be my third. I have to be hooked up to a TENS unit as many hours a day as possible...which isn't always feasible with a toddler. I have it on right now.   I do not wish my migraines upon anyone in this world. It is debilitating, frustrating, isolating, depressing, and just plain awful.  You can't make plans to be with friends, because you don't know when they will hit. You become isolated, and angry. The things you used to enjoy can now be triggers for being a prisoner in your own body. No more concerts, roller coasters, or red wine. Soon everyone just stops inviting you places. You just start seeing the cool pictures on Facebook of the group of friends you once knew who are out living life to the fullest, something you would give anything to do.   It's ok to say you have a bad headache. Do you say you are having an asthma attack every time you run out of breath? Me either, but I can't even go outside to run because the light causes shooting pains, and the physical exertion makes me go numb.   I know I sound super angry, but I am optimistic about my treatment. I have a loving husband (who comes with his own chronic pain challenges) and an amazingly adorable, intelligent daughter who deserves so much more than I can give her. Luckily, she has some amazing grandparents who take over when we can't do it anymore. I have had to come to terms with the fact that I shouldn't have any more kids. The medication that it takes for me to function is not safe for pregnancy, and it's not fair to my family that is here just to have another baby. Plus, I don't know what another child would do to my condition. A child doesn't deserve that, and I have enough energy to focus on one so that is all I can do. Maybe one day we can adopt; it is something I have always wanted to do.   Obviously, this is a really extreme case.  But I have to think about migraines every hour of the day: how to get rid of it, how to keep it away, how to manage a tolerable pain level, or how to just get through a day of events that must be done when I have a really bad migraine. My life revolves around the pain scale.
0	I was woken up by a police officer while passed out in the passenger seat of my car with the keys on the floor. 5 am rolls around and I realized it was a cop outside knocking on the window and pretended to be asleep, cop eventually gets into my vehicle and pokes and prods me with his flashlight until he decide to call EMS. Paramedic arrives I was alert, answered all her questions when she told me I could no longer get in trouble by the cop and she called my parents to pick me up. Cop pissed off knowing I wasn't asleep tells my Mom I have a drinking and possibly drug problem with no evidence besides the earlier interaction.
0	I dont know man... first girl I ever messed around with in high school dint want to me to penetrate her (we were both virgins) but she asked me if it was ok for me to cum on her tits? so I did and after that she rubbed it all over her breasts like if it was lotion.   When we finally had sex a few months later... because we "didnt know any better" so we would try stuff that was in porn. She would, give me a hand job while she would drive her car, I would cum on in her mouth and she would swallow, we would 69 for like an hour. She loved being on top while i sucked her tits... and so on.   after we broke up, I thought everyone had sex like that so when I had sex my next few partners they were very boring and I had to teach them how to have fun sex. some did like that others did not. thankfully my fiance is like the first girl I ever been with but 2 steps above that.
0	Alright, so I'm a food runner as the name says, and actually made this account to comment on this, while I agree with not tipping well if the service sucks, but often times, you aren't just hurting the server if you don't tip well. If you don't want to tip the server, maybe a bartender made a perfect drink for you, or the food runner ran out of their way to get you extra sauces, or the bus boy refilled your water 36x before you got up, you aren't just hurting the waiter in most places, you hurt everyone below them. On behalf of a food runner who has worked for 3 years, always has a smile, and will never complain about getting you whatever sauce, bread, biscuits or your jacket from your car (happened once) that has NEVER received a tip directly from a customer, please, spread the wealth. Often times a bad waiter can ruin a night, but ask others! I have run to the kitchen and called out food on the fly (pissing off the kitchen staff) if I realized something wasn't right. And if you really want to get a point across to the waiter? Walk to a manager and tell them to tip the kitchen staff, and make sure they do. It may sometimes have a wait, but they work their ass off from open to close making food, and sometimes, shit gets fucked. But they never get anything from customers, besides empty plates.
1	It's not that, its the fact the entirety of the twitch staff is now abusing streamers and nuking them or banning them, terminating partnerships, etc. Its out of hand, its not right, its morally wrong and its bad for business too. If anything it'll help Twitch if they just apologize but we have to catalyse the whole thing or nothing will happen if people just let it drop, kinda like how Occupy Wallstreet just suddenly dropped because it stopped getting noticed, there needs to be enough twitch streamers, namely the most famous of them, the League of Legends streamers, in order to get noticed by the majority. Its pretty much the only way because the staff are too stubborn at the moment, they'd be committing financial suicide if they banned a featured League streamer so they have to listen to them, or if they ban them, listen to their viewers.
0	Because they put their lives on the line to deal with the absolute worst of society every single day. This man sat outside a police barracks and picked these men off without warning. He was a coward. Then he ran into the woods and left an entire town living in fear for weeks. Not to mention the police who had to hunt for him in the woods.   Who do you call when you're in trouble? The police. Their job is to bail you out. Yes, it's annoying when they catch you fucking up. But you still dial 9-1-1 when you need them.   Cops devote their lives to saving ours. Most people respect that.  Most cops are good cops. They deal with heartbreaking shit the rest of us couldn't handle.   Police brutality is portrayed as much more common than it actually is, especially reddit. There is a lot of misunderstanding out there about what the law actually is, and what a cop can and can't do. For example, I saw someone arguing the other day that a cop can't order you out of your vehicle. Ridiculous!
0	I am currently a senior(really a junior ish since I actually graduate in 2 years) who switched my major a few times due to not knowing what I had to do. Maybe it doesn't help you but I know I sure as hell felt like I was the only one who didn't know what the hell I wanted to do and it was nice when I realized there were others just like me out there. This will be long so feel free to just skip it if you want.   The biggest thing to me was I graduated from high school early but had no idea what I wanted to do but I knew I would have laughed in my face if I told past me where I would be now. When I turned 19 I decided to enroll in college nearby where I lived based on a friends suggestion, a very small university that was a community college about a decade or so before. I didn't know what to major in but knew I wanted to help people, so I chose pre-med(I know I know), I just knew I wanted to be a surgeon. Mind you I had no pre college counseling, I am the first person in my family to attend college, and I had no idea what the hell I was doing. Well the first semester goes great, grades are amazing and I look forward to it. I am recommended that I talk to some local doctors in the town I and see where my path would take me.   Basically what I got from them was, you make a choice: either you choose your career, or you choose your family, but you can't have both be awesome. Obviously this is not always true, but it struck a chord with me. See, I had always grown up with a tight knit family. I knew that I wasn't willing to sacrifice my family for my job, I knew I needed to change my major. So at the end of my spring semester I changed my major on a whim to computer science. I have always liked computers so that should be great right? Wrong. Don't get me wrong, I love programming. But I don't want to do that always everyday as my only job ever. I go for a year as a comp sci major, I do well but I know my heart isn't in it as much, and as such my grades begin to slip.   On another whim I decided to transfer to a local big name state university.  I decided to try electrical engineering. I have no idea why because I never saw myself as the "white collar engineer type". At first I wasn't so sure about it either, I mean what the hell are things like signal processing etc? Well I decide to give it my best shot, at this point I am fairly depressed about my future and have no idea what to do with my life. I get in and begin to take my intro level classes and let me tell you it is tough, but it seems so much easier than anything I have ever done because I absolutely fall in love with it. I love it so much that I wish my education didn't have to end. My grades have shot up and my "major" GPA is much higher than my overall which I am told is rare for engineering majors. It may not be the best school but I can't wait to go to each class. I have always been one to skip classes and not always go, and since I have been here I have no skipped a single class(barring illness) and I have been in the program for going on my second year. I can't wait to continue my classes and I love everything about it, it is absolutely fascinating to me. The whole point of this whole story for me was really to try and get across that it's not just you who has no idea what they want to do, and on top of that try new things, you might be surprised what you fall in love with.
0	Day dreaming = not ADHD   This comment sums it up perfectly   OP: /u/TheBananaKing   >ADHD is about having broken filters on your perception.   >Normal people have a sort of mental secretary that takes the 99% of irrelevant crap that crosses their mind, and simply deletes it before they become consciously aware of it. As such, their mental workspace is like a huge clean whiteboard, ready to hold and organize useful information.   >ADHD people... have no such luxury. Every single thing that comes in the front door gets written directly on the whiteboard in bold, underlined red letters, no matter what it is, and no matter what has to be erased in order for it to fit.   >As such, if we're in the middle of some particularly important mental task, and our eye should happen to light upon... a doorknob, for instance, it's like someone burst into the room, clad in pink feathers and heralded by trumpets, screaming HEY LOOK EVERYONE, IT'S A DOORKNOB! LOOK AT IT! LOOK! IT OPENS THE DOOR IF YOU TURN IT! ISN'T THAT NEAT? I WONDER HOW THAT ACTUALLY WORKS DO YOU SUPPOSE THERE'S A CAM OR WHAT? MAYBE ITS SOME KIND OF SPRING WINCH AFFAIR ALTHOUGH THAT SEEMS KIND OF UNWORKABLE.   >It's like living in a soft rain of post-it notes.   >This happens every single waking moment, and we have to manually examine each thought, check for relevance, and try desperately to remember what the thing was we were thinking before it came along, if not. Most often we forget, and if we aren't caught up in the intricacies of doorknob engineering, we cast wildly about for context, trying to guess what the fuck we were up to from the clues available.   >Perhaps you're getting an idea of why we have the task-management skills of a five-year-old - and why we tend to have an "oh fuck" expression on our face whenever you interrupt us in the middle of something.   >On the other hand, we're extremely good at working out the context of random remarks, as we're effectively doing that all the time anyway. I've lost count of the times my wife has said "Hang on... how the hell did you know what I was talking about?"   >We rely heavily on routine, and 90% of the time get by on autopilot. You can't get distracted from a sufficiently ingrained habit, no matter what useless crap is going on inside your head... unless someone goes and actually disrupts your routine. I've actually been distracted out of taking my lunch to work, on several occasions, by my wife reminding me to take my lunch to work. What the? Who? Oh, yeah, will do. Where was I? um... briefcase! Got it. Now keys.. okay, see you honey!   >Quite often, if there's too much input, we can get kind of overwhelmed, like a new puppy surrounded by excited children. It's a flustery, unpleasant state to be in, halfway between excitement and anxiety, with no emotional component either way, but all the pacing and twitchiness of both.   >Also, there's a diminishing-returns thing going on when trying to concentrate on what you might call a non-interactive task. Entering a big block of numbers into a spreadsheet, for instance. Keeping focused on the task takes exponentially more effort each minute, for less and less result. If you've ever held a brick out at arm's length for an extended period, you'll know the feeling. That's why reddit, for instance, is like crack to us - it's a non-stop influx of constantly-new things, so we can flick from one to the next after only seconds. It's better/worse than pistachios.   >The exception to this is a thing we get called hyperfocus. Occasionally, when something just clicks with us, we can get ridiculously deeply drawn into it, and NOTHING can distract us. We've locked our metaphorical office door, and we're not coming out for anything short of a tornado. I've sat reading a book on a deathly-quiet country train platform, and not noticed a honking great train pull in about a foot from my nose, until someone tapped me on the shoulder. The same can happen with certain video games - what the fuck, it was light, now it's 4am.   >Medication - ritalin, in my case, takes the edge off. It reduces the input, it tones down the fluster, it makes it easier to ignore trivial stuff, and it increases the maximum focus-time. Imagine steadicam for your skull.   >It also happens to make my vision go a little weird and loomy occasionally, and can reduce appetite a bit.   >Ritalin (non-SR) is in and out of your system within 4 hours - it comes on in half an hour or so, and fades out fairly slowly.   >Is this of any help?
1	I love playing Viktor, by far my strongest ap mid-lane.  A lot of people don't understand how powerful he is in lane, and even fewer learn how to utilize his toolbox effectively.  Below I provide some insight, and is highly my own opinion.  Nonetheless, I hope the information is helpful :)   The main reason players don't pick Viktor in Ranked is because he is considered high-risk high-reward.  His skill-shot E is difficult for some to get used to and even harder to master.  The ability to land it for harass and cs efficiently literally defines how your game will go.  If you get out-csed and get killed, you have effectively ruined your chance at snowballing quickly and being able to aid your fellow teammates in other lanes, negating the reward from playing Vik in the first place.  Another thing to take in to account is Viktor's ability to escape.  Though Gravity Field provides an amazing form of cc in a potential slow/stun, if the opponent(s) avoids it you better hope you have Flash off cd or you are not going to survive (lane-awareness op, pay attention).   The wasted item slot arguments are negligible, as the burst provided from Augment:Death is very powerful throughout the game (+99ap 30% DoT for 4 secs is very powerful and more than many items in the shop can boast).   I also see people argue him having low range sometimes...which doesn't make sense, because his E is probably one of, if not THE, most versatile ranged poke in the game.  If you're taking and leveling his Q first, you're doing it wrong and wasting the reward you get from playing Viktor in the first place.  Don't get me wrong, his Q is decent.  It scales better to ap and is more mana-efficient, but it is really only useful in closing out a combo or last hitting minions.  If you want to get a lead on your opponent, you need to be able to control them in lane and apply pressure, Q provides very little of that.  E gives you that ability.   Viktor's Chaos Storm is one of the most unappreciated ults in the game imo.  It does massive AoE AND it silences on first contact.  In addition, it can be rooted to a champion or a location.  Another thing that many forget is that it ticks faster and faster the closer it is to Viktor, a fact that is easily utilized when being tower-dove.  Much like his E, this ult is incredibly versatile.   In a game like LoL, where lane pressure defines how games are won, champions like Viktor are useful in providing insane pressure with his spell arsenal while trading a bit of survivability and adding some margin for error with his skillshots.
0	i've only been in danger of being hit by a car in a building one time. ONE TIME. and it was a woman in one of the larger jeep options. her gas pedal was "stuck", or so she said, but she did immediately reverse out into the parking spot and started calling insurance and husband.
1	Reading through the thread many people are suggesting ways to make W & W2 better.   1) Increase the range of W.   2) Allow W2 to target minions.   I feel like the 2nd option would promote passive play too much and Riot will not likely do this.   However, when you look at a range buff.  Zyra, Lux, & Morgana each have roots with a range of 1100-1300.   Karma's root is 650 range and requires you to stay in range for 2 seconds.  For someone squishy trying to support in bottom lane, that's a lot of AAs to have to eat just to have your spell resolve.
0	I've had this same problem for a while now. But I realized what turned me around.   I'm 22, working at a restaurant where I kind of "half-assed" my job in the kitchen. So I started getting to work early, working harder, picking up more shifts, learning more job stations, and offering to help everyone with what they were doing. Over the past three weeks, I've gone from "almost fired" to "assistant kitchen manager". I've literally doubled my pay and I know how to run a kitchen in a VERY busy restaurant effectively, and more efficiently with almost no college education. I've picked up all of my experience on the job, and I could get a job anywhere in the city.
0	Yup, I work harder than all my coworkers and now i'm stuck having to work  2 extra hours once a week (No over time pay) so i can take out trash and mop the floors. Solely because I'm the only employee(in my position) that  occasionally   help at the end of a shift because everyone else would leave ASAP to avoid helping.
1	I found that, at least early on, beginner bots are the easiest, followed by real PvP games, followed by intermediate bots.  I was probably on about a 5-2 win ratio in real pvp games, and then decided to try an intermediate bot game, and holy crap did those bots destroy me.  If you truly feel that beginner bots are easy (and you can get a fairly high KDA), then try a couple real PvP games, if you lose don't worry.  If people get annoying and they aren't helping you, then by all means, mute them (press tab and then I think there is a button by their name or something on the scoreboard).  I've never really had issues with people getting mad and flaming in my games (except for two recent games, one of which was just a failure in every sense).
1	Hey guys, Lee is kind of my go-to jungler since forever, however i always had this problem with him, i feel like nomatter what i build i can't really affect the game when it gets to lategame(unless im like destroying and 1 shotting everyone), it feels like if you build offenses you just die without doing anything, however if you go tanky it feels like you are just the tank who will die or live depending on how well your team is doing, and if i wanted that Shen or Cho would do 10 times better and i don't really like this "version" of Lee.   Lately went for the defensive build alot and had a good amount of success with it, however i don't really enjoy it(i go Wriggles into Bulwark into Warmogs or Mallet and keep building defenses untill im pretty much full items, only then i will sell my wriggles and buy a BT but it usual ydosent get to that point)
1	I meant Mandarin. So my facts were correct in my head just not properly executed on the page. I'm not "expecting" anyone to learn any language. Also, your . See everyone can make errors when typing their thoughts onto the page. And it's . And yes I am using English because it is my first language but good attempt at making me seem like the bad guy I guess? And I'm not doing any twisting of figures. And again I did not "suggest" anyone doing anything merely inquiring if you notice the question marks at the ends of my sentences. And again, reporting someone for not learning a language is very dumb, which was what my original comment was trying to get across that you obviously could not comprehend. But thank you for your response that oh so utterly destroyed the argument that was never there in the first place.
1	Guys- Regarding video vs. text:   More than likely Travis provided George the questions ahead of time, and let him take his time coming up with detailed answers; a video interview would have been great, but the answers we got would not have been as fully-developed / honest / truthful, and probably based more in emotion than fact.   HotShot's desire with this interview was to explain the decision and clear out concerns/questions fans might have. With a video interview, the answers are off-the-cuff / not as well-thought-out, so that might not have been possible.   Being able to able to step back and write out his responses let HotShot say what needed to be said in-full / as much as he can on the roster changes.
1	There is no such thing as supernatural powers that can't be explained by natural scientific laws and logic. I wouldn't like to see the process that leads people to the conclusion that god does exist. I imagine it to be a scenario like this:   "Hey pa, did you see that apple fall from the tree? I didn't touch it so how did it fall?"   "That's called magic, Jim-bob my boy"   "But I didn't use magic, so who was it?"   "It was a man who exists everywhere in the world but has never been seen, heard, or experienced in any way by anybody. That man's name is God, and he made the apple fall with his magic"   "Oh yeah, it MUST be God's magic, there is no other explanation!"
0	As usual people uses downvotes and upvotes as they were "Ilikes" and "Idontlikes".   I'm sorry for your post, it could have started a good discussion and enlighten many who think like you.   I see your point of view. I don't share it but I can understand it.   I used to think like you do about a lot of "mental issues"..   i mean:  what the fuck is depression?? you're sad? you feel weak and unuseful?   Just stop being such a little pussy and wake the fuck up!!!   I used to..   then I faced a complex case of social anxiety whose main symptom was procrastination on work. (Don't ask, it's far more complex but let's stick to that for the moment)   You can't imagine your mind how powerful could be. You can't imagine how you feel as you watch your monitor and then the clock... back to the monitor and back to the clock... hours, days pass by and still you're unable to do anything.   I sat there.. unable to bring myself to do what I wanted to do, sometimes thinking exactly to this topic, how horribly ignorant I was when I thought at all those  pussies  (please note that.. yes I'm calling you too an ignorant but not as an insult, rather as an objective description of our condition: ignorance of the actual power these condition can have on you)   I felt powerless   I got over my condition or at least over some of the most compromising symptoms, but I learned a lesson:
1	If league is trying to legitimize itself as a "sport" I have no problem with calling people out on their mistakes and if they are doing something wrong. Even if this is bronze. Sure it's only solo queue but I feel if you are going to goof around and not care you are just as responsible as the person flaming. Go play normal drafts and you can do w/e you want because I actually value my time. Shit rolls down hill. It started in champ select when the jungler didn't speak up because he probably didn't care and Gragas because he wasn't paying attention and not swapping. Fixing those mistakes are harder than just muting OP. Just mute and carry on with the rest of the game. I can handle rage and you have to if you want to play solo queue. It's stuff i.e. intentional feeding or afk is what really grinds my gears.
1	I dislike Quickshot's casting with a passion.  His analysis is cringeworthy, but it should help lower elo/casual/new players to understand what's going on though.  I know that if I casted a game 90% of the audience would have no idea what I'm talking about.   That being said, I thought his analysis of this game was his most accurate one.  That play by Overpow should have never happened.  He got lucky and decided to just go for it.  Best case scenario he trades 1 for 1.  You don't go into a fight where your BEST case scenario is 1:1.  He was completely out of position and I still don't know why he was there.  My guess would be tilt.  I'm sure Mil were completely thrown off guard by the Ryze being there because it was so dumb.   Being 2k gold down with 2 of the best scalers in the game puts you in an  extremely good spot.  Factor in that the other team has a Renekton and Eve who will be useless late game vs Roccat's comp makes this even more true.   Everything that you called horrible were the most accurate statements Quickshot has ever said.
1	How is this FAIR to the one that possibly dropped w/o its being his fault? aka internet/power outage? Its nothing I can prevent from ever happening, but at the Same time this situation is sooooo easy to fake, aka pull the plug. So i take a HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!! punishment for something that isn't my fault, i cannot prevent but yet is very easy to fake. thats like punishing christians for earthquakes because they didnt finish they dinner. wtf.
1	with all its flaws, i still believe the league system works well because it forces you to become a better player overall, as opposed to just dominating one position.   you won't be first pick every game, so in order to climb you have to excel at other positions. all those guys that stream generally do very well even when they don't get their main roles. i used to only jungle/support, and couldn't climb very far until i got really good at playing mid and top as well.
0	ELI5? IMO, YSK IAMA Bronie, IANAL.
1	In the current state of the game health is incredibly overpowered as a result of all the ArP. If you watch top tier players you'll basically see them build anything that comes from a giants belt.   For me personally I've made warmogs my primary defensive item, it will stop the enemy from 100-0ing you in a few seconds and then providing regen while you kite the bruisers. When the build it really varies, I tend to build it as my 3rd item (after BT/BC, ID/PD, etc.) but you need to decide whether its required.   I'll take my last game as an example as it was rather close. I was MF (with a blitz, lee, katarina, kha zix) versus a renekton, lux, sivir, blitz, skarner. Our kha zix fed renekton while I was picking up good money at bottom. I had a BC/BT while renekton had a BC/warmog, my entire team dives in while renekton storms at me, he tears me apart before I have the chance to peel off. So I buy a warmogs, first you get 400 hp from the giants belt and when you finish it this goes up to 1000. Now I'm able to survive his burst and start kiting. Allowing my team to clean up and then help me with renekton. The extra hp gives your team the time to react to what is happening and act accordingly.   Sometimes your team will have a load of aoe cc or their assasins were camped by your jungler and you can just sit back and shoot then it's not necessary to buy a warmogs (yet).   So
1	What I honestly hate about the end of the Season are the people who are like "I got Gold so I don't need to try anymore and just use rank to practice champions cause I'm an LCS material person. I watch <Popular Streamer> do it all the time, how hard can it be ?" They don't realize that they are in Gold and the <Streamer> is in D1/Challenger and actually knows that champion to a certain extent.
0	Yepp, that attitude is usually perceived as selfish and met with initial hostility. But, raising someone else's kids is a  huge  deal. Not only are you in in that awkward not-dad position, but you'll have to deal with the real dad, his schedule, etc.   Psychology today once devoted an entire issue to the situation. Wish I had kept it.. basically almost every article in it concluded with "don't do it". If memory serves me correctly, the odds of not everything not ending in disaster are better when both parties already have kids, and/or the other parent is completely out of the picture (widow situation for example).
1	Riot has a strict policy against throwing games, and if they feel you threw a game for another team they can kick your team from competitive play if they want to. Teams without sponsors end up similar to VES, where they weren't able to get a house until very late and weren't able to get on an equal playing field as other teams. If big organizations sponsor multiple teams it allows multiple teams to focus entirely on the game unlike teams without good financial support like VES, and it allows the two teams to develop strategy and practice with eachother. There is literally no reason not to allow an organization to sponsor more then one team. Matchfixing is possible but it would be dealt with very harshly.
1	I'll start talking about abilities individually from innate -> ultimate, then talk about the way the kit as a whole plays.   The first thing I would like to mention, the passive, is really frustrating on two fronts: his mana costs were made worse to justify it, and it doesn't fit with the immersion of what Xerath plays as. It succeeds in incentivizing auto-attack harass of enemy champions, but fails to provide the same engagement as Ziggs passive, because mana regain is not "fun" it's a necessity of a champion with such hindering mana costs. Secondly, the passive has no flavor, because it does not interact with the rest of the champion at all. It has no interaction with casting spells, and is on a boring flat timer unlike almost all similar passives. ( notably Ziggs and Nocturne spring to mind as having similar, but better passives )   The Q ability has gotten two dramatic nerfs: The cast time is frustratingly increased, and the mana cost is dramatically increased. The new Q is incredibly clunky to play and no longer fits within his combo timing unless casting it at minimum distance. Additionally, Q is the only reasonable ability to max first given the cooldown (it's the only ability you can get two casts off at max rank in a mid game skirmish, and has most reliable chance of hitting), but when maxed first the mana cost becomes crippling very quickly.   The W ability is a dramatic step up in the fun of Xerath, and my favorite ability. The eye mechanic is fun and engaging, but I think the dropoff for the slow on the side portions is too steep, I would like if you could W-E or E-W, but as it stands the outside portion of the W is so weak as to feel irrelevant until 300+ AP, and the slow does not help at current values.   The E ability is simply a case of being boring. There is nothing about this ability which is particularly engaging or exciting, and does not feel rewarding. The range is low, the speed is low, and the stun is good at longer ranges, but useless at short range against targets with tenacity. I anticipated this ability feeling like Priestess of the Moon arrow (set up insane ganks / kills by using interesting positions to land stuns), but instead I got a nerfed version of sion/taric stun (same effective range but skillshot instead of targeted).   The ultimate ability is now incredibly clunky, and the range does not compensate effectively. The radius reduction also feels miserable, because given the missile delay it's incredibly difficult to hit targets. This ability feels dramatically inferior to Ziggs' ultimate for all of the above reasons.   Overall, he needs either a number buff which is likely to happen, or more tweaks, because I don't feel the rework hit correctly, but is salvageable. This is due to a very conservative release state, and lacking the feeling that there is something this champion does better than any other. Here are my suggestions:   Passive: Change it so that it interacts with spellcasts somehow. Perhaps it could steal mana from champions, or have no cooldown, but only restore mana when you hit enemies you previously hit with spells.   Q: Reduce the cast time clunkiness by either removing the delay on firing Q once it's charged to the acceptable point, dramatically increase the speed it charges, or make charging not slow movement speed.   W: Increase slow on outer radius to a relevant (perhaps scaling with rank) amount.   E: Give the ability something memorable, so that it has a niche. The ability could have pass through, long range, aoe detonation, basically anything that makes it exciting and unique from single target stuns that are currently just better.   R: Remove siege-up time, increase damage radius, and/or increase range at early ranks. Needs to feel like an ultimate thematically.   Thanks to anyone who has read this whole thing, I really appreciate it. You can send me a twitch message if you'd like to talk about this, but I will attempt to monitor some Xerath threads, if not all of them.
1	Well, think about it like this. I'm happy to play any role, but if I'm sent to top lane by the team, I'll lose it, and I won't have much fun playing it. In a case where other players also don't want to play that role, it's good to rely on pick order as a way of determining who will play the role. It's meant to be a determining factor after communication breaks down. Additionally, it's not "jerkiness" to have a preference and increased skill for certain roles. Pick order ensures that all players will get their choice at certain times. So, yes, I'd say communication > pick order > call order will lead highest overall enjoyment across all players without negatively impacting win rates.
0	I'm familiar with Argumentum ad populum, but it doesn't apply in this case because there is actual science to back it. That's why I made the comparison to the sun, because it's both obvious and very explainable. I conclude my statement to be true because proof exists, and then many people agree.   And by your ladder statement, you could argue that anything isn't real since human bias is always a factor, and you could propose any grandiose and absurd roundabout way to conclude nothing is real. I.E. watch the matrix, inception, dark city, etc.   It's only practical to follow a human bias manner of thought for very obvious reasons. We are human. Trying to extrapolate yourself from that not only earns you nothing, but is entirely useless (unless we one day meet some ET's)
1	MMR literally has nothing to do with it. Yeah you may play league quite a bit. Yeah you may have thought that you are better than you actually might be. But that's not what's important. What's important is going into those matches knowing that your Faker and you're about to show that other guy how to rip his team a new one. You have to load into that match so honed in, so focused, that you have nothing else on your mind besides playing that game so perfectly. Don't miss that cs. Don't facecheck that bush. Don't think you're better than buying a pink and getting a sweeper. Don't go for that sneaky play that they totally won't see coming. You have to know that you can play this game, and every game for your promos, perfectly. Eliminate any other distraction, and there's no more reasons for you to lose. I don't care if it's a 4v5, I don't care if my top laner went 0-6, because I know that I'm better than my opponents team, and therefore I will carry us, to get us to the ELO that I deserve. The second I did that, I went from silver 5 to plat 5. I got stuck in a rut around high silver just like you OP, and same thing with high gold. You can't blame it on your team, or your MMR. If you want gold, or even plat, go and get it. Nobody's stopping you, not your team, not your enemy, just you. Play like a gold player, and you'll get your gold border and shiny skin when you've earned it.
1	He said once he gets 4 items he's a monster, and once he gets tanky enough to survive, he will sustain back up. That's a late game team fight/split push counter.   Swain is helpless against Ahri in the early-mid game, without a lot of external help.   Ahri ranges: 880 (orb), 800 (fox-fire), 975 (charm).   Swain ranges: 625 (decrepify), 900 (nevermove), 625 (torment)   Good luck getting in range to use E/Q without getting a combo to the face, and good luck hitting a nevermove when the target isn't slowed.   Ok, so Swain can't do anything to Ahri early. What can Ahri do to Swain?   When Ahri gets a DFG, assuming neither of them got fed, Swain will be around an unstacked RoA, or worse. He will straight up blow up to the massive burst, something that has happened quite often in this game in particular.   One of the main reasons Swain isn't getting picked in competitive play is because if you don't do well in lane, then you'll have a really hard time coming back. You won't get tanky enough to survive in fights, and you won't deal enough damage either. He doesn't have a lot of play making mechanics. He just sits in the middle of the enemy team with his AoE, so if he just gets killed in an instant or ignored, there's not much he can do to come back.
0	Whoa, I think I should clarify.   I mean that there is a difference between "recommend" and "shoving something down you throat". Recommending something is actually much appreciated because then it's like being introduced to a whole new world that you're being introduced to. For example, I had one friend who introduced me to the game Mass Effect by telling me a little bit about it and how the game play works etc. And part of that was because of course I'm going to take the time to listen to her and she was patient with me because if I was interested I was interested, and if I wasn't, I wasn't. Another example is a friend who recommended Sherlock to me. He simply told me that he thought I would like it because he liked it, and told me a little bit about it, and that was it. Both of these friends didn't push anything but told me a little bit about what they were recommending.   However, I have another friend who, at first was recommending GoT to me. I was super excited because I heard great things already so I was excited to start. Of cours eit takes me a long time to finish anything as I juggle a few different things, but she kept pushing it on me. Constantly. I love her to death, but she wasn't giving me any peace as if any other activity was sacrelige and that all I shouldbe doing is watching GoT until I finish it and then talk about it. If I ever tried to talk about anything else or recommend something else, she'd completely dismiss it without having ever tried it because she had deemed GoT the greatest thing since sliced bread.   The former case I'd call recommending while as the latter was my friend  shoving something down my throat. Of course this doesn't mean I still wouldn't try something. I started on the GoT book and the show and I do love both now, but it ende dup being something I had to do at my own pace without being pushed.
0	Actually something might be broken FYI. I had really bad periods  happen when I was younger. When I started mid cycle spotting too I saw a doctor. His conclusion was that my hormones were a mess and if I wanted kids I should start birth control ASAP to "teach" my body what a normal cycle is so that I could get pregnant. I was on it a little over a year and it seemed to reset me. No more crazy period bleeding. Plus easy to get pregnant. So it worked.
1	I agree.
0	Oh yes, the "Why aren't you tolerating my intolerance" defense. Does wanting to eliminate bigoted speech in turn make me a bigot? I say no. Here's why: striving for tolerance is inherently at odds with intolerant beliefs. In the reverse, intolerance also seeks to eliminate tolerance. Now I'm going to cut this into something more specific: Bigotry. Going to the definition we get: Bigotry - bigoted acts or ideas. So we go to Bigot specifically:  a person who strongly and unfairly dislikes other people, ideas, etc. Key word: unfairly. Hating a cold blooded murder and wanting to excluded them from society (at least until they pay for their crime or are rehabilitated) is not bigotry since it is justified. In the same way, actual bigots (racists, misogynists, Nazis, etc) are not justified in their actions. They unfairly attack others and seek to make their lives worse.  Being intolerant against a bigot is justified since they seek to harm others in various ways.  That's the key. Bigots are not justified in their actions, they do not get to be defended against intolerance. And as a final point I'm going to quote [Karl Popper on the paradox of tolerance](   >Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them.  In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be most unwise.  But we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument, but begin by denouncing all argument; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument, because it is deceptive, and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols.  We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant. We should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law, and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal.
1	As the whole point of the league is to settle disputes between the different nations of runetera I'd occasionally like to see 'battle rotations' or something of the sort. I.e. the champions in the free rotation can be split into 2 obvious teams such as noxus vs demacia, with 5 champions from each.   I understand this can't happen every week or some champions wouldn't get featured, but it'd be nice to see now and again.
1	Anecdote of the exact experience this guy is describing: I'm Yorick top, against Nunu. First couple minutes go well for me because I'm QWEWQWEQWE Yorick. Then the yeti gets two ganks on me (through lane) and it all snowballs (haha!) out of control because an ice blast is chunking me for 1/3 of my HP. What turned it around was the realization that I was going to get stomped if I dragged out the laning phase, so I asked my team to group up and start roam-pushing. We ended up winning because all I did was peel for my ADC and ult my Katarina and allow her to recklessly ult anywhere she damn well pleased.
1	How long has league been out? Oct. 27th 2009   Why am i stuck waitting 20 mins to surrender a 3v5 game? Abusable, people can and will surrender if they see an enemy team has a better comp or stats.   What do i do with all this damn Ip? Name changes, Champions, Runes, Riot has also said they are working on more options   Are non 970(975) Rp skins Supposed to look worse than original skins? No, but skins that are less than 975 are generally simple, texture changes. Nothing in depth. You get your money's worth.   Why cant i earn Rp? That's how Riot makes money. They have thousands of servers and serve millions of players. RP is used for solely Aesthetic things. ANything you can USE in game is earnable. An honorable system.   Why isn't there an east coast server yet? [It is in the works currently.](   What is the point of this mastery system if we don't earn anything with it? They have discussed earning rewards from it, but it has yet to be determined. Think of it as an achievement system. It's to show off your mastery to Teammates.   Why have you had only one fundraiser in recent memory? (Barrier reef) Perhaps the opportunity doesn't always present itself but I believe they intend to do more.   Why do i get the overwhelming feeling there is an enormous lack of content for how much time and money that has gone into this game? Over 120 champions, [This many AVAILABLE skins, even more that are no longer available)]( Icons, Trailers, Music Videos, Albums, Updated Maps Skins Champs, Community Spotlights, PTL, LCS, College Teams, Bundles, Discounts. The list goes on. They put out a superb amount of content.   Is your staff like 10 people? [Well over a thousand actually.](   Why isn't there more interaction between the game and the pro league other than news articles and some icons? How about the LCS for North America, Europe, China, Korea, South America, Oceania, and the open venues for all those things?   Why does death recap not really tell me much? Currently bugged out, they are working on it.   Why does the client take up so much ram? What?   Why is the only way to avoid asswholes in champ select to dodge and lose Lp? Or, you can mute them. Remove the issue and keep communication to simple pings that can still allow you to win the game. You shouldn't have to dodge just because of someone's attitude.   Why only 3 refunds ever? It's again, a business. The refund is free, which is better than a lot of other businesses will do at all. ALthough i agree that maybe more should be put out, or a timer put in place for "accidental" purchases, the system is fine.   What happened with the replay stuff? After they pulled it i believe they intended to work on it. Currently they feel the spectator system is not up to par and it may be integrated with a new spectator system.   Why does Zac only have one skin? (that second one is practically a chroma) Zac has a model that is hard to work with and apply textures to. They are aware of this and are working on it.   Btw i want skin colors, i dont want to pay cash for them, especially when some of them barely change color at all. "I want free things so give me free things." They're a company, not a charity.   Why is Rammus so damn Awesome? Ok.   Who drew arcade MF? shit is amazing. The splash artwork was drawn by Michelle Hoefener, The skin was inspired by the artwork made by Nyaruko.   Anthing else?   EDIT:
1	When you did a duoq when the elo system was still used you were matched against people with both elos avaraged + a tiny amount extra.   For example: 1000 and 1600 duoq. They will be matched against people with around 1300+a bit elo. This makes sense, doesnt it?   I assumed that elo is now replaced with mmr.   We now have a 1500 (this is around gold5 on top of my head) and a 1800 duoq. Avarage is now 1650(or gold3 rating). The 2 silvers and our bronze 5 are supposed to be around the 1650-1700 mmr, which i find very doubtfull.   Now it is safe to assume that at least one of the duo's mmr is way below it is supposed to be. This is possible since they are in the lowest devision already and cant be demoted.   Even if what i said is wrong it will not make sense when a duoq duo is matched against people with a lower mmr that the person with the lowest mmr in the duo.
1	Problem is, I feel like I know HOW to improve, I am just inconsistent with my mechanics, bad at positioning with squishy characters, and lacking in overall experience.  In other words, the only thing that will make me better is a ton of practice, not more knowledge.  Also, when I look at my own replays I facepalm at my own dumb mistakes. I wish you could help me, but I think you could probably help someone else more.
0	Story time. It's hot, in the middle of summer, in MN. Brother and I decide to head on over to DQ, 'cuz soft serve is amazing. When we get there's like 20 people waiting to place an order or waiting on food. I order a cookie dough shake while my brother gets an oreo blizzard.Some poor 17yo girl, stressed with all the people waiting for them calls our order and instinctively flips both items upside down. Bro's blizzard defies gravity while my shake explodes across the counter. The poor girl's face was a face of someone ready to collapse or run away.
1	I think his wither and spirit fire are actually very good in terms of utility.   His wither is comparable to exhaust, and with 40% CDR, is on a 6.6 second cooldown for a 5 second spell, so it has about 75% uptime. In addition, it has 700 range, meaning it cast be cast relatively safely.   Spirit fire provides an near instant AOE 40 armor shred at 650 range. As a comparison, Aegis'/Bulwark's Aura is 10armor. I can't think of any other skill that I would prefer for resistance shredding purposes. Taric's Shatter is a 30 armor shred, but forces him to be next to his targets to shred them. Nidalee's shred is percentage based (up to 40%), and thus is better against targets with over 100 armor. However, there is a delay between placing the trap and the actual shred taking place, in addition to the AOE being smaller.   If we are assuming a 0 cs support, his Q would be relatively useless given no stacks and less tankyness. I don't believe his ultimate wouldn't be too great either, as it requires him to be next to enemies for the maximum effect, and again, a support Nasus would probably be somewhat squishy.
1	4) Match-ups. Now this involves more meta-talk and is constantly evolving. But, essentially, with a tri-lane mid you apply much more pressure over-all to the entire map and immense pressure to the middle-lane unless they have at least a duo mid. As for blue, in the current meta, it would leave your AP to face ad/support bot lane on purple side and bruiser/whatever on top for blue side. This barely affects the blue-side match-up but for the purple-side matchup it limits the picking to long-range farmers. Which is great because lots of AP's can do that.   Ok so essentially what you are assuming is that there will be 3 people (AD, support, support) putting pressure on the lanes from mid instead of the usual 2 (AP mid+jungle).  Well at any given time, one of the supports is going to want to be farming the jungle so you don't lose xp in mid.  This essentially means your ganking team will consist of a support and an AD.  Early game AD's just don't do all that much damage, and most need time to get the maximum damage.  This does not equip them all that well for ganks, so they'll be entirely reliant on CC from the support/solo's to be able to get their damage out effectively, way moreso than an AP would since they have extremely high burst damage.  You will need heavy CC in top lane to make ganks effective.  Bot lane is a bit wierd, since ganks will be 3v2 instead of 3v1, against a sustain or CC -heavy support and an AD.  If the enemy support is smart they will attempt to shut down the AP so they can't dish out their full burst and instapop the enemy AD while he runs, or else they will attempt to sustain the carry and run.  Meanwhile, it will essentially be your AD and support versus their fleeing AD.  It could go either way I suppose, I'm not going to run through all the possibilities here, but by ganking with an AD carry/support combo you NEED kills or else your carry will be heavily underfarmed, if you consider the matcup here, what you have is a support/AD versus support/AD/AP, which is more or less equivalent to an AP mid roaming to bot lane in the current meta.   >5) In the traditional meta the jungler will not be able to relieve pressure from a tri-lane. The 2 supports can split to each bot and top lane and double gank after clearing their respective sides of the jungle (or parts of it, mainly the buffs). The enemy jungler can only respond to relieve pressure from one of these lanes. As well the 2 supports from mid can invade extremely easily, completely shutting down the enemy jungle.   Assuming what I said above holds true and you have two tanky-support-junglers who have at least two gp10's each, their ganks and clear times simply won't be all that great.  The enemy team will see a solo ad carry mid lane, and know something is up since neither support is there an have been jungling/ganking all game.  Their lanes are going to play safe.  After a brief delay while the supports clear camps, a wild maokai appears top-lane!  at the same time, a wild nautilus appears bot lane!  Then they realize that each champion only has a gp10 and some components of the next, and is full level below the rest of team.  Their jungler can only respond to one of these ganks at most, but if they do it will probably be a successful counter gank since their supports are fairly weak, and the AP has gotten completely shut out of farm all game since hes struggling against a support/ad combo.  The other option for their jungler is to assume both ganks will fail since the supports are weak, and go for the now completely open, squishy AD carry in mid lane.  Now they have a standard jungler and underfarmed AP versus an underleveled AD, chances are it will be a successful gank.  One of the other (weaker) ganks will have to be successful to make up for the loss of the mid gank.   >6) Farm. What about farm? This is, ultimately, what some consider the most important point. This is false. The tri-lane lane is not a late-game strategy. The farm on the 3 "main" heroes (mid/bot/top) are roughly the same with the only one that changes is bot lane purple side with 2v1 ap but this is countered by your mid lane 2v1 or 3v1 their mid lane. Same reasoning as the current swaps between top and bot lanes. In every single case duo-lane mid is better than putting ad/support ANYWHERE else on the map. It is a strict improvement strategically. In a tri-lane, farm-wise, the 2 "supports" in mid will have less farm than a traditional jungle but more farm than a traditional support. This is the trade-off for an immense increase in map-wide pressure. The tri-lane also does not have to contain a traditional ad carry as the entire point of tri-lane is a fast, pressure heavy game. The game should be over by 20 minutes tops.   The main problem I see with this strategy is that it completely cripples the AP.  He's forced into a 2v1 bot lane, and has no way of getting the farm he needs, although ideally he can stay ahead of the duo in levels if he doesn't die to a gank.  If they pick an aggressive support, he stands no chance, especially if their jungler decides to gank as well.  The ganks he receives will not be strong enough to guarantee enough kills to snowball.  On top of that, AP mids are the most powerful gankers in the game, and by putting him bot you completely cripple his ability to roam top.  He could still potentially roam mid, but chances are he'll be pushed to tower, preventing this from happening without risk of losing the tower early on.   This strategy revolves entirely around dominating early game, with an emphasis on shutting down their AP mid to prevent him from snowballing, while your AD carry get fed as many kills and farm as possible.  However, your AP carry is just as shut down in the process, and an AP's are the strongest and most influential early/mid game champions out there.  AD carry's struggle in early team fights since they just don't have the items they need to deal effective damage yet.  On top of that, you are going to have two CC-heavy, but underfarmed and underleveled support/junglers whereas the enemy will have a full-fledged jungler and standard support, this does not bode well for a team fight.  Essentially; you will be entirely reliant on your top lane and your AD carry for damage, while they will have jungler, top lane, and AD for damage.  You are using an early game domination/control strategy, with mediocre early damage.  If the game reaches mid game, you are REALLY going to struggle since they will have the level advantage since they didn't get completely dominated early and that's simply what this strategy is going to leave you with.
1	10 teams playing 3 games still results in more games, if every team has to play 1 less game that doesn't mean there are less games total because there is more teams, 2 teams can play at once so for every team to play one game you need 5 games. for every team to play 27 times you need 27*5 games which is 135. 135 is more than 112.
1	I've found something else he said though is true. Its very difficult to learn how to play any better when you can only practice against silver players, their skill level can flucuate wildly and games are generally stomps one way or another. You can learn through watching streams yes, but a lot of what they say, when applied at these levels, doesn't always make a profound difference and thus doesn't stick as well, since the flow of stomp/get stomped continues with or without it. Playing against plat players or higher is different though, these little things make a much larger difference, you can also focus more on learning these things than leading your team, since your team is generally good enough to not throw when unled, whereas in silver and lower if you aren't leading your team and being extremely vocal during the game, you can be 18/0 and still lose due to their incompetence (and i suppose yours for not properly leading them and actually "carrying" them). Combine that with the fact that op probably isnt really plat level and is just "good enough" to not throw the game, then that means he's playing against better players, which only increases the speed at which you can learn. So maybe a month from now, if op doesn't drop before then, he really will be a plat level player, since he's learning against plat level players. His leadership will probably stink still though, but as long as he can listen and is a team player thats not a bad thing.
1	I just hit g5 a few weeks ago, I spent a really long time in silver and this is how I got out. The thing that helped me win the most games was playing aoe champs with a really strong lategame/team fight presence. I am a jungle main, so I played a lot of wukong and amumu. I would spend the majority of my time farming so that I could get the items I needed to be a monster in team fights, and I would only really gank post 6 when my ult was up to guarantee kills. There is this weird phenomenon in sliver, where at around 25/30 mins, both teams group up and just spend the rest of the game pushing mid and forcing team fights regardless of team composition/power distribution or what is going in in different lanes. I highly recommend picking up every dragon whenever you can, but I would be really cautious when trying to force baron. Only do baron when the other team is completely dead/preoccupied, or if your team is behind and baroning is your last hope. The other way I got through silver was becoming really good at support. A lot of people discourage low elo players from getting good at support because support has a "low carry potential", but I think that statement is completely untrue. The reason why being a great support is so important in silver, is because there is a 75% chane that the other teams support was forced into their role and have no idea what they are doing, so you can easily snowball Botlane and single-handedly carry the game with your adc. I recommend playing supports with really good engage, I personally exclusively played Braum and Leona. I love Leona because it is really easy to engage on their ad with your e+q+r combo, unlike champs like thresh or Morgana who you have to land a skills shot with in order to successfully engage. I also really like Braum because he had a really good all in, and he is also great at surviving ganks (I'm used to usually being camped when I support because I play so aggressively). Braum and Leona are also really good in team fights! If you are curious about how I build Braum/Leona I usually go relic shield, targons, sightstone, t1 boots, fotm, t2 boots, locket/fh depending in the other team, randuins, banshees veil, ruby crystal. I usually build randuins before bv because I will likely have mercs and possibly a locket, but sometimes I like to buy mobos on Leona and cdr boots on Braum, so I would then get veil before randuins. Another fun thing to do on tanky supports is to get sunfire cape as your 4th item and split push if nobody else is on you team so you can get huge!
0	It's not easy at first, but it'll come with time and practice.   As meaningless as small talk can be, it's important to show interest. Think of the way you interact with friends, family, people you know. Just listen to them speak, speak how you feel, and be yourself. The biggest thing I've noticed is small talk leads to bigger, meaningful discussions. That may not always be true, but when you truly begin to understand the way a person feels, and the way their mind works there is no feeling I've ever found that equals it.   But I digress, to effectively make small talk you can do a plethora of things. This is generally how I strike up an interesting conversation:     The good ol' "how are you?" is a classic, but hardly ever equates to any form of conversation beyond "Fine, you?" At which point you offer your own reply and the conversation has to be carried by you once again. Still a useful way of opening up communication.        Introduce yourself, and allow them to do the same.        Follow it up by asking almost anything you do not know about them (within reason of course). Depending on age range it may be what they study, hobbies, taste in music, job, where they're from, the list is endlist. Just don't be overbearing. This is by far my favorite and it really makes an impression that opens the door to other conversation down the road.     I generally ask these beginning questions which, more often than not, lead to whole other conversations:     Are you from around here or somewhere else? (I live in a college town so many people move here)     Do you go to college here? If yes, What are you majoring in? If no, downplay the fact that you've asked that they may be ashamed that they aren't and change subject       -If they mention a job, I may ask them about how they enjoy it, or how long have they been doing it.     From here I'll talk about music, hobbies, all the usual stuff.       If you ever find someone who shares common ideas/hobbies/interest as you try to keep those commonalities in the foreground of the conversation. This will make time pass before you know it (if that is your main goal), but being genuinely interested in the conversation shows the other party of this interaction that you are not viewing them simply as another face, but as another person.      So next time you're at the store, the gas station, wherever it is you go, ask that older woman behind the counter how she has been today, give that person you make eye contact with a simple smile and a tip of the head, just let those people know you acknowledge their existence. It's not hard to do and it may make all the difference in the world to that person.   At the end of the day we all want to feel human, and that is something I believe we all deserve. Through even the smallest interaction you may give that person that feeling of humanity, and you may gain it for yourself.
1	The Rito Gods have called me to unleash the Rammus upon Bronze hell :D   but really I just main jungle, and found my best character. Found good people to duo with out of bronze, motivation, learned from streams, internet etc. He's just a champ that can literally keep pressure on all lanes throught-out the game. I've gone through over 500 games in bronze this season, and my playing has finally paid off. Because hes a champ with so much freedom to keep pressure, it gives me the opportunity to shot-call every game ( Rotations ganks objectives). So really every time I play rammus I can call on the shots and be a real team player. I also build zhonas after thornmail and sunfire cape, with ap pen mark runes, so when Im ganking and they focus me I do hella damage, and I usually can get fed really easy and carry. Also I usually can get a first blood at enemy wolves lvl 2 because speed quints and well.. its bronze. I'm just happy I can finally say goodbye to bronze at the end of the season. Add me thatraff if you ever want to play normals! I'll hopefully be gold next season! I've learned quite a lot for my first season.
1	As another female who is obsessed with Lol, I'm lucky in that my family doesn't care about it. My mom even listens to funny anecdotes I tell her about the silly/stupid things people do ingame.   My rl guy friends don't care either. For me its my female friends. The get this tone in their voice that just says they are judging me whenever I mention the game. Its frustrating because I love them, their my friends, but what is so wrong with me like something they don't like.
0	Before i went to college i was a medium beta. No serious relationship for various reasons and only had sex with two girls. I was always kinda awkward. I would have random bouts of depression and self confidence issues.  But as soon as i moved onto campus i up and decided to just up and turn my way of thinking around. Every woman who looked at me was checkin me out and everything i said was smooth as fuck. Eventually i started believing my bullshit and that false confidence turned into real confidence. Three or four girls later and i invite an old high-school friend up for a party. One thing led to another and here we are almost 6 months later and talking about marriage.
1	There are some assumptions in this post. I'll go through a couple, because Reddit Formatting is my non-specialty.  There HAS to be a duo lane  Why? Why can't two people jungle, or three people go into a lane? Your point is assuming the current meta MUST continue to exist into the next season. Remember, all the current roles and positions were never attended. It was Europe in general that spread the 1 top, 1 mid, 2 bot, 1 jungle we all know and love.   Now why can't you buff the support role only?  But, they're not. All your bottom points are assuming this and in that context, they're perfectly right. However, all the roles are porbably being modified. Riot's made it clear that Bruisers/Melee fighters in the toplane need to be retuned. A lot of Jungle changes are incoming and it's hard not to expect the other roles being changed too. Masteries will be changed next season, confirmed in Riot posts. What those changes are, we'll have to wait and see.   Vision will always remain a crucial issue, so wards will keep being the priority  Riot has been vocal on this too. Wards stagnate games and are a bit too focal at the moment.
1	In solo queue, you tend to have people that get pissed when people make mistakes. I used to be that guy....   After watching many streams, I've noticed that streamers tend to say "Oh well" or try to calmly catch back up after their own/teammates mistakes and fucking dealing with the conditions they are dealt.   In real life, when people fuck up in the stupidest ways (in traffic, day to day situations, etc), I would call them out on it. I would lay out my horn for an extended period of time to let that person know that they fucked up hard in traffic (running lights, turning into fast moving traffic without enough space, cutting me off, and so on). Now, I just think, "Oh well", "That could have been me" or even "I'll never have to deal with that person again".
0	This will be my first time telling this story on reddit.  Coming home from getting dinner for my wife and I on a rainy night, I'm going about 38 mph in a 35 zone.  Out of freaking nowhere, my window shatters. I had no idea what I had hit, and I couldn't see anything through the broken glass and rain, so I turned down the nearest street and stopped.  Upon stopping I was told by an eyewitness I had hit a pedestrian. I immediately called 911, gave them my information, and in about 4 minutes police were there.  I was on my way back to the scene (which was about 100 feet away from where I stopped), when I was met by officers with guns drawn.  I was told to get on the ground where I was immediately was pistol whipped and had my face forced into the asphalt.  I was arrested and put into the back of the cop car.  I was taken to jail where I was booked for felony assault, hit and run (even though I was mere seconds from the accident and only didn't stop immediately due to shock), and DUI.  The DUI was dropped as my bac was like .01 or something, they just thought I was drunk cause I admitted to having a drink about an hour earlier.  I lost my job working with foster kids, I had to sell my dream car to pay my lawyers and bail, and was in mental agony for months awaiting trial. The lady I hit was given 250 thousand bucks by my insurance company under the condition she refused the right to sue me in civil court later.  After months of bullshit and being drug through the ringer, I plead down to lesser charges just to be rid of the bullshit.  All this after being able to prove she wasn't in a crosswalk, was wearing all black, had a blood alcohol level of .34, and ran into me.  That drunk lady ruined my life.  I lost my life savings, the dream job I had worked so hard for, and the child I had been fostering for over 6 years.  I had to rebuild, and I wish to everything I could sue her.  Things happen, shitty, shitty things.  I'm gonna have to identify with Stacy on this one.
0	My work computer uses 4 monitors, and it turns into 30 second of flailing the mouse to find the little moving thing across my entire field of vision.
1	From a player from a dying game, I would say  as long as riot keeps promoting the competitive scene, and keeps the game competitive then this game will have a HUGE longevity. Riot ha the perfect formula for getting casual players to play their game and converting them into competitive players so they continue to play the game. I came from the competitive Halo community, which at the moment is practically dead (we would be lucky to get 6000 views for a tourney stream). And the only reason why Halo has been dying as a whole is bc it isn't as COMPETITIVE as they used to be. The devs of halo (343i) have been catering the game towards the casuals for the past 2 games. Which screws them bc sure the game will be popular for a week, but it went on a HUGE decline after that, solely bc there is no 'drive/competitiveness' in the game bc it IS to casual.
1	Then they should have nerfed her base damage, not her range. You can't use it to chase as well anymore. You can't use it as many times as Akali unless you set up some CDR for her Q. It changes the way she will be played. Same thing with her E, just lower the CC, or the duration. The range on it was already small.
0	Yeah except the law is kinda unclear on that. It says in statute 83.53 that we have right of access (Florida) anytime we deem it an emergency (which rotting guy for a month apparently is an emergency) and storing property is covered in the 705 range but that's for abandoned property. It was my first death.   To clarify I didn't go to school  (going now) for this shit. I was a carpenter from age 12 to 24 then I worked retail for a bit. I got my GED at 21 and moved to Jax around 27ish. I started work for this woman because she needed someone to fill a void and I just happened to be her newest tenant and needed a job. I admit I knew very little about what I was doing at first but over the years I've picked up on it rather well and am still learning.   Hopefully after I finish college (Enrolled right before this mess happened) I'll be in a position to be something more than what I am now.
0	Come to Boulder.  Its like they have their own little fun-loving community hate-sessions at the local coffee shops.  Where 20-year-olds act like they're 40 and all act superior to you because they garden instead of actually working.  I'm sure they can grow a pretty great tomato, but if they can't get the cosmetics industry to stop testing deodorant on animals they better figure out a way to fucking grow the stuff themselves.
0	The officer used lights/siren etc in order to get her attention and render assistance. Probable cause only applies to criminal activity. She was not pulled over under suspicion of wrong doing therefore probable cause is unnecessary. Had he noticed her doing something illegal she would have been arrested for having item in plain sight, but a competent defense attorney would have a field day with that.
1	During highschool I aspired to maintain the highest level of fitness possible. I volunteered at a local gym as a helper and worked out 1-3 hours a day. I spent my first 3 years  after  high-school in the fucking army doing rigorous fitness routine five days a week and working out on my own the other two. I played videogames that whole time. I still play league a hell of a lot. Why? Because it's enjoyable. You should probably not make such broad statements about people in a community that you obviously know very little about. The gamer world, as it were, is rapidly growing to include many circles of people. Although not everyone who is a gamer now was a gamer back on the N64 or the NES or further back to Atari/Commodore, it's a very real idea that not everyone who plays videogames is a 120 pound, acne-ridden-sex-deprived-serial-killer-in-the-making as the media likes to portray us.
1	think of the meta as the currently strategy considered optimal by the majority (mostly people follow the pros). This includes the team comp and lanes as well as certain item choices. you will see shifts in the meta with new items, champs, and changes. A while back you would see range ADs mid and level 1 dragon fights. There was huge "tanky team" period when items like sunfire capes stacked. Certain champions become "flavor of the month" and are deemed better in the current meta. Recently champs like Sivir an Shen fit into the meta more because of buffs. They werent used for a while, but if you go back far enough you will see Shen was a first pick first ban before nerfs.
1	Let me ask you something, how many champions do you play that work in specific teamcombs? It's allready tough for a player if he gets 3 directed bans. Now imagine 5-6 directed Bans, then hes gonna have a hard time, picking something he isn't comfortable on.
1	Singed is as strong as he ever was, people have just gotten better at beating him in the laning phase, and some of his counters like Kennen and Vlad have reached an all time high in popularity. If he makes it out of laning phase with good farm he is a complete menace, but his early game is a tad rough.   Top lane is just about the only lane he really excels in (he can jungle but he isn't exactly top tier) and it's just so damn unforgiving.   He is a situational pick, you just need to know when to play him.
1	Early on? Not sure. I don't think so though. Her full level 6 combo (without any auto attacks) is (lvl 3 e=170)+(lvl 2 w=160)+(lvl 1 r=300) + (lvl 6 ignite= 170) = 800 (170 of it true damage, 2 different healing debuffs). Plus the idea is to jump right behind them so you can buster shot them towards your turret/outer wall so they have to run past you, even if they flash, which lets you easily get off at least 3 or 4 auto attacks (which would be around 80-90 dmg each) for ~1120-1160 dmg. (Kog Maw has highest base health of ad carries at 6 -- 944 -- but they usually wont be full health of course). Obviously these numbers aren't taking resistances into account. Either way, Ignite would often be overkill. And let's not even get into whether or not you can push them into turret aggro.   Kinda late so I don't want to figure out Corki's burst. That being said, I can't say that Trist's is better, only that it's fantastic.   The passive on her e (which pushes her lane) seems to be her only drawback early game (and her range when against caitlyn, like every other ad carry). But it's a positive in the situations where it is advantageous to push. If you ward the river well there is not much danger in pushing the lane because of your w and it makes it more difficult for the enemy to last hit, but makes it harder to engage (which you can still do fairly low level, definitely by 6, if you make sure you get the kill/assist so that you can w back out).   Then when you get to late game and have ie pd lw and a 90% asp boost for 7 seconds (2.1 asp total iirc) and the longest base range in the game, which starts at level 13 I believe, plus your w for positioning (which resets on kill/assist) you are a fucking  GOD . I don't understand why she isn't played more. Perhaps because high elo/pro games don't usually make it to late game (total speculation) and this trickles down? I don't know, I watch a fair amount of streams and don't think that's exactly accurate. But she is Soooo good late game and such good early burst to get her fed. Damage like kog maw but much safer, as she has an outright escape (w) plus r (which damages 1 target but can push as many people back that are in its radius). Tristana is god-like in my opinion. I really don't understand why she's not played all the time.   EDIT: I bet Corki's the better carry midgame though, when tristana is transitioning from her laning phase (magic dmg burst) to late game (aspd buff and items to a lesser extent, because it's not hard to rack up kills early).
1	I would love for rito to develop a new style of pick and bans not like Dota 2 but with the same concept. Being able to ban to counter synergy and leaving open more "OP" picks would be amazing having a ban pick ban ban pick pick would really bring a lot more diversity into not only the lcs but also the ranked community making each pick and ban a tough choice. Not to mention there isn't just one dictating the bans in ranked
0	Coming from someone in a similar boat to OP, its because carrying heavy shit all day =/= lifting weights and targeting muscle groups.  And most farms wouldn't take someone who works 30 minutes 3 times a week, anyway.
1	If you want to carry your whole team, that means you want to roam and pressure the other lanes and try to gain something from it. This also means you will leave your ADC alone in lane... so you either want to crush your bot lane and take tower asap so you can pressure other areas of map, or shove the wave out and roam so bot lane isn't vulnerable. Either way, you still want to have a gold lead or be in a solid position.   Arguably, in soloQ jungle and mid lane (top lane if you can utilize tp pressure) because they can freely snowball other areas of the map, and the generally have access to all major objectives such as baron and dragon.   To deal with Yi players, to be frank, just hit him with hard CC and pray that your team blows him up immediately. 90% of Yis will be squishy so they shouldn't be too hard to kill. If you don't have access to hard CC or you need to save it for a much larger threat such as a Katarina, Akali, Talon, Zed, Fizz etc. take the summoner spell exhaust and slap it on him, and cross your fingers for the best while maintaining peel for your AD.   [Support is so easy]( even though this video is outdated, a lot of things he does in lane still holds water, such as giving presence.
1	Although this themes are a bit weird they are not terrible just need work. As for the "getting less traffic" i don't see that happening. I am still kinda of a reddit noob but it says 7,860 summoners are logged in right now with a total of 172k summoners subscribed or whatever..  that is actually relatively high compared to any given day and what i use to see a month ago with only 2-4k online per day. The only reason traffic may be getting less and i find this from my stand point is not because of the change its because of the threads that are getting made each day/ hour are getting shitty. I'm finding less useful information and stuff to read so i visit less. Not because they changed some theme and may or may not look crappy. sure they could fix it up a bit but honestly i don't care if it goes back or not.   Just my opinion though.
0	I think it's a great idea. After my last major breakup, I was in a borderline depressed state for months until I got my first dog. Although I do recommend adopting one that's at least a year or two old, possibly older. That way you're past the shit all over the house phase and more likely past the destroy all your shoes/furniture phase. Dogs are definitely a responsibility and in many aspects resemble having a human child, so get any big traveling out of the way first.
1	Bullshit. You wont get any restrictions from leaving 1-2 games   It only happens if you leave a lot. And the servers arent that bad that you disconnect and cant login several games per day.
0	To be honest, I had one of those paradigm shift moments playing soccer some years ago. I went to steal the ball in a defensive play, slipped, but hit the ball and the other player tripped over me. The ref proceeded to give me a yellow card and I couldn't figure it out. My whole team greeted me on the sideline and agreed, there was no way what I did was a foul, much less a yellow card... Well a week goes by and I meet my team for another game and one of the players pulls me aside. His wife had recorded the game and they watched the play that landed me the yellow card. Let's just say I deserved it, I did not hit the ball, and basically just slide tackled the other player. It wasn't just my perception, but the perception of my whole team that I was innocent, and we were all wrong.   Even though I knew that it's in our nature to justify our actions no matter how sour, I somehow thought of myself above it. Now I know I always have to exercise caution, and question even my own perception of events and my actions.
0	School work is BS. Professors would give few A's and sometimes none at all, making it a monumental task.   Work that would have gotten me a C or a B in school gets praised at my work and my boss thinks I'm a genius. You might think thats as a result of my school being very hard on grading, nope.   All their stupid grading that was on a whole other level compared to other schools did was give me a shitty GPA. It was my work experience and good recommendations that allowed me to get me foot in the door. Once I was in, my work spoke for itself.   My school is never getting another dime from me in terms of alumni donations. Their shitty policies screw students over when employers ask for GPA numbers. Most of them have no clue that your school has a reputation for being extremely tough.   I was extremely lucky to get a job after graduation, especially the one I have. I see so many former peers still looking for work or accepting jobs that weren't what they were aiming for.   Luckily GPA numbers lose almost all importance after your first job or couple of jobs. Employers care more about your work experience and what your former employer has to say (in the recommendation letter you hopefully got).
0	Well before the internet everything you learned could be found in textbooks and peer reviewed papers. You go the university for the degree. The degree is basically just a certificate that says "I know my shit", which is more credible than you saying "I know my shit".
1	I think the problem with that is just that those items such as Executioner's Calling are too weak. In DotA there aren't very heavy snowball items, the closest analogy they have to Infinity Edge is Butterfly, which is almost pure steroids (just like IE). Every other item is just as strong as each other too, having a relatively equal amount of stat distributions + the value of its' effect, or upgrades to that extent.   For example, Maelstrom -> Mjolnir. Maelstrom would be like our Ionian Spark. Arguably, they are just about equal in their values and effects. However, Maelstrom is actually useful on some heroes in DotA, whereas Ionian Spark is very very rarely used in LoL, and only very specific situations. The difference? Maelstrom can actually upgrade into Mjolnir, which provides a large steroid boost, boosts the effect a little, and is on par with items like Butterfly (relatively). As a result, Mjolnir/Maelstrom is built a lot (again, relative to LoL's Ioninc Spark).   But what about the non-upgradable items from DotA? Shadow Blade/Lothar's Edge, Force Staff, Eul's Scepter of Divinity, all posessing effects, have weak stats, and are relatively cheap (about the same as our Youmuu's Ghostblade, which is a pretty cheap item to get (again,  relatively ), but do not have upgrades. They're all built a  lot  more often than our Ghostblade, even though Ghostblade technically gives more/better stats. Why?  Because their effects are amazing.  They have ridiculously strong active abilities that are literally capable of changing how encounters play out. To that end, players are willing to sacrifice a big-ticket item for them. LoL has  nothing  even remotely close to that. The most influential (offensive) active abilties we have are DFG, Randuin's, Shurelya's, and Gunblade, all of which don't even do that much. Randuin's and Shurelya's are very very passive in nature, DFG is basically Dagon (and you'll notice that Dagon is not used that often in DotA!), Gunblade is never bought for the active as much as it is bought for the stats.
0	College football is all about the Saturday. Yeah, sure it is not socially acceptable to start drinking at 7am and continue all day. Add a dash of college football, and BLAM, normalcy.
0	This is to all of the employees out there. You are paid to do a job that you applied for. Do that job and if you are worth it the company will promote you. The biggest issue I see with new employees is as soon as they get hired they feel entitled. They want paid time off as soon as they are hired, they expect way too much for having done way too little. If you find yourself in a position where you can leave and and make more money then good for you.  OP, maybe you are one of the good ones who doesn't bitch and complain and gets stuff done, if that's the case, good for you. But what you don't understand is that there are a lot of people out there who are lazy and whiny, they bitch about change and make the supervisors job a living hell because they can't just shut up and take direction. If you want to make yourself invaluable to a company shut up and do your job as best as you possibly can, you will have chances to go above and beyond. If you have a way to make improvements that are beneficial to the company , write a good professional proposal. My employees come to me with good ideas, I tell them to write me a proposal and I will back them on it. 1 in 10 actually sends me something, and of the ones that are sent, i bet 90% are half ass'd. Take some initiative. If you fail , do it again! If you keep trying you will get better at it and your employer should notice. Ask for feed back all the time. They will tell you how to get promoted. Listen to what they say and use that information the next time a position is open. This is not rocket science history. Just be smart, listen more, talk less. Good Luck   EDIT:
1	Is he still considered a professional? I'm genuinely curious about this. He was a professional player at one point in time, but now he isn't good enough to play for a professional team (at least in terms of LCS and such since he isn't on a team anymore), so is he still considered a professional? Or is it more like he WAS a professional LoL player?   Are people considered professionals forever if they make it to the "pros" for at least 1 season or something? Or are people only considered pro's as long as they are in the professional leagues?   Sorry for somewhat repeating myself, but yea...
0	you have to throw it in the right direction, which can change on where you are in the world.....the boomerang doesn't "come back" it hovers in one place. As the earth rotates you actually "catch up'' to it, this gives the illusion of the boomerang coming back. For those saying the directions don't work; maybe its because they're designed for Australia, you might might need to modify the instructions if your in the States.
0	IMHO = in my honest opinion
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	I honestly don't understand - when you see the passives of most other champs, they've got one very clear passive, sometimes divided into 2 effects (e.g. Zac). Yasuo has 2 completely distinct ones?   This, I think, is the biggest issue with Yasuo's current kit, and I think this can be resolved with one of two solutions, both revolving around the same concept: make a connection between Yasuo's resolve passive and his crit chance increase passive.   Option 1     Yasuo has double crit chance  while his resolve is building .     What does this do?     This essentially encourages Yasuo to be much more aggressive in terms of attempting to make trades before the shield is ready.     In addition, it discourages very passive farming by yasuo players as it will become more difficult to farm without the increased crit chance at full resolve.     Subsequently, this will prompt Yasuo players to think twice about when to use his W as sometimes it may be favorable for Yasuo to take a hit and use up the shield before fighting in order to make use of his crit chance.     However this doesn't make sense lore-wise. It would make more sense that Yasuo is able to crit more with a stronger resolve.       So, another proposition is that...   Option 2     Yasuo gains bonus crit chance  as his resolve increases  up to a maximum of 1.0*(Current crit chance) at full resolve.     Do note that this means as soon as the shield is activated, Yasuo would lose his crit chance bonus immediately.       What does this do?     This has almost an opposite effect of Option 1, as it promotes a more passive play by Yasuo by greatly alleviating the constraint in his farming ability from above. It also encourages the Hit-n-Run play which prompts Yasuo to choose when to engage and quickly fall back.     However, this makes a big change on Yasuo's team fight capacity as well as his late game play style. While the current Yasuo has the kit to engage AND apply high dps afterwards, this change will weaken Yasuo's overall dps output due to the fluctuating crit chance after his shield has been activated.     Plus, it makes sense that Yasuo will gain an increase in crit chance as his resolve becomes stronger.     However, I'm unsure as to what kind of an effect this would have as to how Yasuo players would place their W. They could use it to either initiate a fight since it would not be ideal to take damage before fighting (thus effectively reducing the crit chance bonus when the shield activates), or they could use it after an engage since they would not be willing to make trades without the crit chance bonus after the first few set of trades.       My preference   I, personally, like the second change more since the synergy between increasing resolve and increasing bonus crit chance seems to make more sense than the first option of losing all crit bonus at full resolve.
1	Of course zac doesn't fit the meta but that doesn't mean he's bad, I ply zac in every position but adc and win match ups fairly consistently
0	Slavery was the most obvious example of the whole "states rights vs federal rights" issue. Southern states wanted slavery to continue. Some of the northern states did not (opinions ranged from no more expansion to complete abolition). As someone else pointed out, the entire history of the United States up to that point had been ruled by the 10th amendment (powers not explicitly listed go to the STATES).   The political movement in the preceding decades had been towards centralization, which southern states did not like, because life in the south was significantly different than the north, and they were afraid that the more populated regions would be dictating policies that affected them.   The election of Abraham Lincoln (who, by the way, said he didn't want to abolish slavery, so, there's that) was kind of the final straw with the states vs federal government thing, so South Carolina seceded. The war was about reuniting the country because, like it or not, they needed each other. The majority of the people in the north were just as racist as southerns (despite modern portrayals that show northerns treating black people as equals. lolololololol), and didn't have any sort of interest in slavery one way or another.
1	Seems OP to me. His laning is so powerful. If you auto him once then he flings you into his creeps and slows, making you take tons of creep damage while he whacks you and W's you. If he has a good amount of HP from Doran's shields or whatever his W does insane damage. Plus, at low levels it's hard to kill any Volibear with a brain since his passive heals a lot in lane.   Saying that Volibear's Q is worse than Singed Fling is stupid. He gets a good MS buff for 4 seconds while Singed gets a worse MS buff from his ult. Plus he has a nice slow like Singed's slow but it's easier to hit.   Also, a good Volibear can do very good damage with HP items and a Wit's End with his W which is a super powerful nuke and R autoattacks.
1	Wow this coomunity is stupid as hell. Ofcourse if you invent something you want the recognition for it. Even if he/she don't deserve to get money, or the champion taken out of the game, he/she still deserves to be recognised as the inventor or whatever you call it.  I get mad reading these stupid comments about OP stealing the idea from dota, or that even if he/she came up with the idea there is no point of mentioning it. I've thought of things hundreds of times that I thought was original only to find that people have thought of it before me, it was still an original idea for me, even though someone got to it before me. If I was a part of making a movie I would be in the credits no matter how small the my part was, same with making games.
0	I still remember when I was being bullied in my High School years. I took in all the shit (public shaming, hurting me sometimes, hiding my shoes etc.) until one time I snapped when this bully sucker punched me. My mind goes blank (My friend tole me i went Akuma style raging demon shit or some sort >_< ) and the next thing I knew some of our classmates are trying to separate me from the stupid bastard. Apparently he lost 2 front teeth ("which my classmates told me that I kicked his face in when he's down"), a bleeding nose and a swollen eye. I was suspended for 3 weeks, and I got an anger management counseling (LOL can you believe this shit? I was bullied for so long like 11 months before I snapped) and the fuking bully only got a day of suspension since his parents are closed with our High school principal. But the good thing about this is he and his bully friends never talked to me or bullied me again. :)
1	As a diamond 1 player who at one point played 16-18~ hours a day before life came around, it's important to understand if the game is fun for you or not. Remember the game is for fun not for climbing ranks in the end, ranks are just a means to feel accomplished and have more fun. Make sure you find the role that you really enjoy even if you aren't the best at it yet. I like to keep reddit tabs and streams (imaqtpie, aphro, oddone etc) in the background to open up and watch in between games, maybe take a small break if I lose or am not playing well.  Try duoing with someone near your rank that you like, either a real life friend, exteammate, or just someone nice you meet in soloq.  Play a variety of champions if it mixes things up for you and you enjoy it. If you really love one champion play him or her to your hearts content, it's important to find what champs you like to play as well.
1	I think that while yes, gaming isn't seen as nerdy and laughed at because it is nerdy, the dream of becoming a professional player is looked down upon because frankly, you're going to be in it for a few years at max and you end up nowhere in society after that.
1	problem is this item, like RoA, takes 10 minutes to kick in and therefore would be a horrible buy if you fall behind. This is because, like Wriggles, you need to be able to be passive for a while before it starts working for you, and this all fails if you get into a skirmish, like say in lane against someone like Draven or Jinx, or at dragon for example
0	Please explain your reasoning on why you wouldn't want to have sex with your attractive friend?  The key word is attractive.  Of course I have women who are friends that aren't super attractive.  I don't base friendships on looks, but if I did have an attractive female, who already is super cool due to her being your friend in the first place, how can you not want to sleep with them?  You're connecting on both a mental and physical level which is ideal for mating.   I can only think of one reason why you wouldn't want to sleep with your hot friend and that reason is you don't know if they will talk about you after the sexing.  Its very hard I feel to have sex with a friend and make it stay only friends with benefits.   From my experience it will turn into something more which you may or may not want to happen.  To have sex with your friends doesn't mean you want to have a relationship with them.  In your brain all you're thinking is I would totally have guilt free, hot sex, with my hot friend who isn't going to tell anyone, and she will let you also sleep with other women.  See its a complicated situation that will happen this way usually never. So usually you don't sleep with your hot friend.  But I'm pretty sure a lot of males with any type of imagination...or better yet sex drive have already pictured having sex with their hot hot friends or at least had one sexual thought about their female hottie tot friends.  But to say a male doesn't want to sleep with an attractive female friend if offered sounds insane to me.  But then again I am a very imaginative, horny male, with a mix of attractive and "wouldn't have sex" but their personality is awesome friends so this response could be bais.   I'd imagine if you had a very low sex drive then I could also see you not wanting to sleep with your friends or any person for that matter.  I think its more of the ramifications of having sex with your friend that is keeping more males from doing it because you know it could either end the friendship or make it weird.  But if neither of those would happen then yes all males with a high sex drive would be sexing all their female friends if they let them.
1	I do what is best for my team. And I main support, but if no one calls to be adc, I almost never go support. It usually means I am stuck in a lane babysitting a person who has no idea what they are doing.   If that is the case, and I am first pick, I go chogath and I say top or jungle, as honestly, he is a great pick in both positions.   I try not to be adc, because I do not do well in the role, I don't want to burden my support player to either have a boring game, or to possibly do badly.
1	One of the primary reasons C9's shotcalling got to be so good was because they got to be so behind BECAUSE of Hai.   When you're NOT getting your head caved in mid lane, you don't need to do desperate ADC split pushes to distract the enemy.
0	I'll rephrase: people like Alex Jones, Bill O'Reilly, Glenn Beck, et al, like to think that the government has some unique interest in our personal desires.   Everything they say is about how the government is watching all of the softcore porn you stream from Netflix, or reading the Harry Potter erotic fan fiction that you author, or laughing about your continued obsession with 98 Degrees; that your deepest, most personal secrets are being scrutinized by some bored NSA analyst whose intentions are to use them against you, someday; like the government will extort our allegiance by threatening to divulge our insecurities.   The government doesn't care about your urges and idiosyncrasies, as long as they don't involve terrorism or revolution. None other than George Washington, himself, mobilized the army (militias) to suppress a rebellion over federal taxation. This is how governments have always governed, only now they have the technology to make it easier.
1	I don't understand people like this. I know it's annoying to lose a game where you played well, but I can't understand that "you lost your lane" is the trigger to insult someone with death threats to them or their family. I know that this game is played by a lot of people that are still young and in the middle of puberty, so there's probably some hormone imbalance going on and life is tough. I get all that, but I've never wished death upon someone or their mom when I went through that phase. It seems to happen a lot in League though.
1	I'm gonna go with vayne almost every time.  I don't ever see varus doing anything but dominating lane with his 'free trades,' and then only when played well.  All things being even amongst carries, his late- and mid-game is generally lackluster.   After varus gets out of lane, his kit doesn't help him AS MUCH as vayne's does.  His ult is very impressive, but everything else... eh.  The blight mechanic is pretty tough pull off without either going for a close-range Q (danger) or charging up a long-range Q (fewer autoattacks, less damage), or using your slow (the closest thing you have to an escape).  Don't get me wrong, his kit IS USEFUL and gets the damage out... it's just lackluster compared to other carries.   Vayne, meanwhile, has an AD steroid, a healthy dose of true damage, a stun on a MUCH shorter cooldown that RESETS HER AUTOATTACK (another autoattack during vayne's R and coupled with her W proc is a very potent combo).  She also has a dodge that, if learned properly, is VERY useful in lane against difficult enemies (blitzcrank pulls, varus shots, caitlyn shots).  However, you are more likely to get eaten without a good support.  Take Nunu to ramp up into midgame better, leona/blitz/taric for a kill lane, or soraka if you're feeling scaredy-cat.   By the way, vayne's range isn't "a lot" lower than varus's.  It's only 25 which, while noticeable, isn't going to hurt you until you get to higher elo.  Furthermore, her range is on par with or higher than all AD carries except varus, ashe, and caitlyn (and of course kog with his W and trist after a certain level).  See
1	There's a lot of factors to consider with nerfs, but there's a couple factors that aren't so much about champion balance as people think.  This contribute to how "broken" a champion is.     Items/Masteries: These change every season, but it's possible for an item to just be absurdly broken on a champion.  For instance, let's say Nashor's Tooth gets a big buff to make it more useful on ADC's (to compete with SS and PD).  Suddenly, champions is was good on to start with (Kayle, Teemo, etc) become really good once they get it.  These champions would have to be nerfed to compensate and subsequently would be bad if Nashor's Tooth was later nerfed.  Yes, this would have to rebalanced later.     Community Perception (FOTM Club): Most champions are balanced currently.  Often what happens is a champion will be out of favor for a while, then a pro player "discovers" them and we're all suddenly surprised by how good they are (Warwick is a good recent example of this).  Without any changes at all, champions can shift from "balanced" to "broken" just by the community learning them better and using them a lot more.  Riot realizes this and is slow to make balance changes because some times a nerf that makes someone balanced (like early Draven nerfs) are viewed a "trash tier".
