0	I don't get why so many guys don't get why they get friend zoned. I mean really do you think just because you let them walk all over you you're gods gift to women? No seriously people if you make fun of white knights take a minute and realize white knights never actually get the girl and before you pull out the tried and true "Girls only date assholes!" no they don't only date assholes they just don't want to date a man with the same traits as them.
1	I don't play LoL. I am not interested in playing LoL.   Man, do I look forward to your
1	Agreed! Definitely a fair trade: What I've found thus far is the slightly higher mana costs are negated by the fact you do so much ridiculous poke via your passive (which of course you can always pass off to your lane partner with an added shield to boot).   By level 3 you have a disable/slow via poly, an 80% slow + nuke that can hit both support and AD, and a shield that lets you pass off your passive to your lane mate. This all combines to make your lane  incredibly  frustrating to farm CS against & nearly impossible to stand toe-to-toe / trade with and come out on top due to so much quick CC so early.
0	Wasn't meant to be taken seriously dude, a joke on the topic of anime fans. Avatar was pretty awesome though. Inspired a lot of emotions and made me laugh quite a bit. There were lots of lovable characters that you genuinely end up caring about. I don't know how to break down the show into
0	Your opinion obviously is based off of nothing. Your idea of young mothers not having the mental ability is debunked by your own source.   "Three alternative explanations for this relationship are explored-the life course-immaturity account, the persistent poor parenting-role model account, and the diminished resources account.  We find no evidence supporting the first account claim . " It's pretty obvious that when a young single mother faces many advertises and often ends with her being and single parent, living off welfare and never getting a  degree her children will not have the best upbringing but this is entirely a social problem and has nothing to do with actual age of the woman.
0	oh man, so this is totally me too but i believe i have good reason.   one time  when i was about 12 or 13 I was at target with my mom and on of my buddies(who was black which may or may not have played a part in the coming story..), as we pass through the security gate it instantly goes off and my mom glares at me. My buddy and I have absolutely nothing, only my mom is carrying bags. 3 security or loss-prevention staff come running over and start going through my moms bags points at my friend and I and tells us to turn out our pockets ect ect. 15mins go by and we're still standing there. They tell us to go-to their office so they can more thoroughly search.. another 25-30mins go by.. they've searched my moms purse.. patted us down.. told us to take off our shoes.. everything.. then it happens.   On the underside of my buddies shoe is a tag that must have stuck as we we're walking the aisles.
0	you loose weight when you get diabetes because diabetes is characterized by either the lack of insulin production (your body destroyed your own pancreas) or you have become resistant to the effects of insulin as a messenger (your diet made your body become  so used to high levels insulin circulating in the body that your body no longer recognizes insulin as a messenger). The point of insulin is to promote the movement of blood sugar into muscle, fat, and liver cells for consumption by the cells. When there is an excess of sugar, insulin promotes storage of sugar in the liver as glycogen and in the adipose cells as fat. In the OP's case with type 1 diabetes the pancreas is more or less destroyed leaving them with them with no natural insulin production.  The result is that the patient has elevated blood sugar levels but none of that sugar moves into the cells where it would be metabolized.  Insulin also functions to tell the body to cease fat metabolism so without it the OP's body cannot stop eating its fat reserves, causing the patient to lose weight.  Also as a little side note, only children and young adults get type 1 diabetes.
1	As a support main, season 4 seems exciting to me, but there are some things that  I worry about too.   I spent a good amount of time learning how to appropriately cover the map for certain objectives in a "macro" sort of play. Warding is how you keep busy while your laners push out the side lanes.   Now, it seems unclear to me what  exactly makes a good support player in season 4?  The role of warding has obviously been split up amongst your teammates and oracles is gone. The gold difference between you and other champions is less you it becomes more ok to accidentally walk too close to their mid laner. Most of the gp10's now tether you to your allies, you can't roam as much since the other support who just sits next to the adc in lane will outfarm you.   We know that support is probably the most counterintuitive role in the game at the moment, but I hope Riot hasn't just made us nothing more than mages and tanks that fight bottom lane.   Granted, maybe Riot has fixed everything perfectly and there's nothing to worry about. But shaking up the two main pillars of the support role (warding and not getting gold) might not wok out on the first try... hopefully the transition isn't too rough.
0	A Terms of Service contract doesn't necessarily hold up in court, regardless of what it says you have agreed to in order to use their services. Hyperbolic, but if YouTube said they're allowed to shoot you in the face if you agree to their TOS, U.S. Law trumps it by a mile.   Been several years since I created my account, but I went to 'Create an Account', and it looks like you don't even agree with YouTube's TOS, but with Google's.   YouTube's TOS is still [present and available]( but appears to be a Browsewrap; that is, you don't physically agree to any of those conditions, it is more or less implied, but makes it incredibly difficult to hold up in a court of law.
0	Not gunna lie   assumed you were a guy   clicked on comments to see the shit storm of
1	You have to take into consideration that now, that with clamping the system has a fixed amount of LP given out. That means, that for every player, artificially XYZ points were given out. Those points can be earned by winning, whether you start in Diamond or Silver, the amount varies. And lost by losing, while they just transfer to other players or, simply due to inactivity, while they go back to the pool that can be given out to players.   And there comes the tricky thing: the MMR system with this made it, that people would lose or win the same amount of the hidden ELO (MMR) while only getting or losing a percentage of LP. That means, that someone who'd lose as Diamond 1 against Bronze V, would just lose 3 LP as usual. But 3 D1 LP are worth way, way more than 3 LP in Bronze V. And here's the thing. You'd lose 3 LP, but the MMR behind it? 2500 lost against 500? Lets take off XYZ of his MMR.   Now you have a gap: Since the MMR is slow as heck, you will Still win your 1/2 LP per win, even though, in a different league, the LP is much more or less worth, depending if you are master/challenger or lower than Diamond.   With the introduction of Master tier, this whole clamping was gone, and so the 'skill level' could be showed more openly. Diamond 1 was the best league, and those who couldn't make it to challenger would be stuck there. Now think about it for a second. You have 200 people in challenger, while maybe 300, 400, 500 even belong there.   Their LP is worth so much more than those of someone in Silver. They didn't have, artificially like you had, 700 LP worth. NOW with master, your 700 LP worth are 700 LP. They just take out LP from the system, which means, since there aren't people anymore that might even be pro stand in D1 99 LP, or that guy that casually is really good or had massive luck next to each other at 98 LP, you actually have a league for those. Without the clamping, D1 50-100 LP is now basically D3-1.
1	Dont forget nasus got kited to death due to lucian and evelynn got slow removes... He counterpicked himself hard.   Kha'zix always had to go ham to force something.   CW lost game one with the nasuspick.
0	A few questions...   What state do you live in?   When was the child conceived?   When was the divorce finalized?   If you live in California, and the child was conceived before the divorce was finalized  you are the de facto father .   >A child born during a marriage is presumed (assumed) to be a child of the marriage, and the husband and wife (or, after January 1, 2005, domestic partners) are the legal parents. This is called a “conclusive presumption” which means that the presumption (that the child is a child of the married couple) cannot be disproved, even if there is evidence to disprove it. Read Family Code section 7540 for the law about this presumption. There are very limited exceptions to this rule, and they can be very complicated to figure out. If you are married and have a child that you are not sure is your biological child, talk to a lawyer. A lawyer will be able to help you figure out if you have a legal basis to dispute paternity and, even if you can do it legally, if you should do it based on other considerations. Click for help finding a lawyer.   Now this says 'born' not conceived, so you'd have to read deeper in to the law for it's nuances.
0	I am everything but single. I work, my girlfriend works, and we've been together for a long time. I treat her as an equal and we make decisions together in our relationship. I listen to her day like I expect her to listen to mine and we genuinely are, I feel, soul-mates. Now her and I both understand however that there are things women do. And there are things men do. She hates trash so I take it out. I hate cooking so in return for me taking out the trash she does that. Its a very even balance when it comes down to it. You're obviously a type of feminazi that thinks all men are the same. We are not. Just as you are not. I don't hate women. I hate feminists.
1	i wrote why i downvoted, because /u/RoGStonewall implied, that his downvotes were undeserved. they were not.   >I know I am disliked by certain circles in reddit but honestly it is rather silly that my posts get slapped with downvotes. Of course it recovers eventually but I really just want to promote discussion about interesting and difficult topics.   i tried to point out to him, where his mistakes are, but he chose to respond with a one liner.   >I was neutral in this article. I took no side on either argument.   look, i know it sucks to come into a thread and see a wall of text like mine, especially when it seemingly has little to do with the subject matter.   but please consider: reddit is a community, and i have as much right to post as the next guy, not to mention i have a right to elaborate, why i think my downvote was justified. usually, i will downvote and move on, however on this specific subject, i think elaboration was in order, and beneficial to /u/RoGStonewall, as well as reddit in general.
1	Platinum Teams are somehow the highes League in the system, this is a bug. If u have a Diamond Team and a Plat I'll show the Plat on your friendlist and so on.
0	If you ordered a laptop off the internet, and when it arrived it was a different brand (let's say HP rather than Asus), but just had just as good specs, you'd probably be confused.   If you needed to use it, the laptop would probably work just as well as the one you ordered, and for practical purposes, you wouldn't care. Processor, hard drive, all there and fine. maybe the webcam is not as good, or something you don't care about.   But you'd have to wonder what the hell the seller was doing sending you the wrong thing. Especially if it later turns out that  all  of the laptops he'd been selling were not as advertised. What if they were all dodgy and died after 2 months use? It's possible that could have been the case if he'd sent you the one you'd asked for, but now he just seems less trustworthy.
0	Sorry i'm late to the game, it is in fact the Cayman Islands. I worked a job one summer when I stayed there where we did took tourists out for a few things, one of them was this. They're actually getting a "stingray massage" You can see the head of the guy who's actually picking up the ray, it actually feels pretty nice, just most people get weirded out at first.
1	Firstly, many of those victories were under leaders who were not actually french (Napoleon was born in Italian Corsica).   Secondly, Vietnam is like the only country to have fought in at least one major war and to have never lost.   Thirdly the colours red white and blue are used by so many countries that this point is so stupid. UK, Russia, Fiji, Australia, Iceland, Thailand, Taiwan (RoC), Costa Rica, Cuba, Netherlands, Croatia, Czech Rpbc, Dominican Rpbc, Laos, Liberia, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Nepal, North Korea, Norway, Panama, Paraguay, Samoa, Sabah, Slovakia and Slovenia all use the RWB colour scheme IN ADDITION to France and considering that America was originally a colony of England it is highly unlikely that they took those colours ESPECIALLY since, and this is the most important point   France's revolution, which resulted in the current flag pattern, happened AFTER the American revolution. In fact, many historians believe that the American revolution was one of the causes of the French revolution since it planted the idea of usurping an oppressive gov't.
1	On Ruven & Rumble I start regen bead 5, with one mana pot.
0	A girl told my friends I "raped" her after a few casual hook ups. She said the only reason she didn't press charges is because it was "good"...
1	Objective-based plays were prominently shown by Koreans since  IPL4 . That's where the push meta got its name. Of course, there are other teams from other regions back then that played the same game. However, TPA was  not  one of them since they were a very questionable team (IPL4 precedes the Battle Royal, where they threw like professional baseballers). I'm not sure if you know enough about competitive league to talk about things like that.
0	Full story: I was at a party last night and there was a lot of drinking going on, everyone was talking about terrible movies. Some girl told us about how she found out about "A Serbian Film" and said she wasn't game enough to watch it.   I said it was basically a pile of shit for shock value and had no artistic merit. Some asshole took offense to that because "Everything created has value" and after we angrily argued our points for an hour or so (and most of the women agreed with me after hearing the plot) he ended up getting pissed off, loud and violent. He ended up vomiting everywhere and sleeping on the kitchen floor.
1	BT and IE are 3500 and 3800 respectively.   Atma's was only 2300. Even removing the Avarice Blade, throwing in a Giant's Belt, increasing the overall price to match, you have an item that gives:     400-500 health   40-50 armour   1.5% of max health as AD) (assuming 5-5.5k health, that's 75-82 AD -  essentially on par with the aforementioned luxury AD items )      ... for less than a Sunfire Cape.   To make it balanced at the target demographic (champions that build full tank and want to blow things up harder), the item would have to cost at least 3k in my eye, putting it well beyond budget range.   The item would be far and away game breaking if it cost what it used to, and that's not a good thing. Think Vi, Sion, and other AD tanks are already obnoxious? Give them a free IE's worth of AD on top of a decent defensive item. There's no sacrifice. Cinderhulk and Atma's, in combination with any single one of Banshee's, Warmog's, or Randuin's would allow a midgame bruiser, on top of their 3000+ health and Cinderhulk passive and good defences, almost a free BF Sword.
0	Ok. I'll share my madness so hopefully she will seem a saint and a pregnant goddess now :)   The first trimester with each girl I could have easily plucked his head off his shoulders and smashed it and not cared. There was so much hate and evil in my blood   With the 2nd my 1st was 8 months old when I found out I was pregnant  After contemplating suicide and abortions I ran through every bad side affect of having siblings close together.  The affects of a miscarriage on my then infant should I tell her about her sibling and lose her   THEN  We had the Ppd / OCD / anxiety  Which was just  Awesome  I stayed awake til 5-6 am wondering what I would do if there was a flood and I was alone and how would I get them out ( we are on the 2nd floor and a high elevation )  And I would check on them 10-20 times a night to be sure their windows were locked and I knew what PJ's they were wearing bc WHEN they were kidnapped the cops wouldn't help me unless I could tell them what they had on - their exact height and weight and hair eye color   There's nothing that makes sense. And looking back after loads of Zoloft - I was freaking insane - bit it was all so real then
1	I invade alone so often and there is no one guarding their jungle. So I get everything for free alone with out any help. Now your telling me I shouldn't do this? it's 100% free I sometimes tell my team why are you here go to your lanes. Like you said FB hardly affects anything it just sets a precedence for the entire game. (if I'm invading level 1 i'm going to make my way to their blue at 7:10 and at 12:15 because its part of my play style to be in their jungle every 5 minutes.)   Because of this I'm usually able to reach level 6 before when they are level 4. If this continues I get to 9 when they are 6 and 11 when they are 9. All this from taking reds, I have managed to secure a significant lead against the other jungler.   Do you not understand that solo queue is not a good demonstration of anything??!?! even at 3k elo. You have 4 maybe 3 random people that will not listen to you even if the score is 17-0. (or maybe youll end up with the most awesome team capable of M5 plays), that is why the NA teams are in last place and why M5 thinks of them as a joke. Solo queue is bad because you are dealing with both extremes and which one you are dealing with each game is completely random. Keep in mind that the Chinese and Korean teams haven't voiced their opinion yet, but I'm sure they don't think highly of them.
1	Doesn't mean patch notes wouldn't be uploaded, only by blakinola. Also, dude is pretty much talentless.
0	I don't agree with this.  As a former server, I know how helpful gratuity can be.  But, you still have to earn it.  Assuming the free meal was a part of a promotion, then by all means leave a tip.  And still, the tip should be equal to the service you received from your server.  He or she will be the one to get it (not the manager, not the cook...maybe a portion to the greeter).  The amount of the check has nothing to do with it.  If your free meal is a "comp" then tipping depends on (still) the service provided by your server.  Even if he/she spilled hot coffee on your lap by accident, leaving a tip could still be feasible.  I used to work for Friendly's.  One time, I spilled two kid's drinks (the tall ones in the "beer mugs") on a customer.  I was completely kind and courteous before the incident and even more so afterwards.  I still got a tip from them.  22 percent at that.  Don't be cheap, but don't feel obligated to tip a horrible server.
0	Funny-ish anecdote. About 3 years ago, I was retarded & cheated on my wife. (Laughing yet? Why not?) Anyway, the whole trust issues ensued, and one night we were at dinner, and the hostess says, "Hi, I know you...'billy', right? And I, nervously (because I swear I have no idea who she is, but of course that is what I would say to my wife) try to figure out who she is, without my wife flipping out and accusing me of cheating with this hostess. So after a couple of the longest 2 min of my life, she reveals that she worked where I work for about 3 months while I did about a year ago, but was a receptionist, so knew my name, but I didn't know her.
0	I actually try to be the first to start a conversation because otherwise I don't think they'd say anything to me.
1	Trash talk is apart of competition. Its in peewee sports all the way up to professionals. Granted the anonymity of online gaming can make the degree of trash talking a little bit more harsh its still apart of the core of any competition. Complaining about it is just fueling the every boy and girl no matter how poor they do, always gets a participation trophy, pussification of America.
0	Now this is the American dilemma: Even though we don't  need  the large magazines, should we still  have them .   Now some people would be like "No!" Because they can be dangerous, and allow for more killing. But then in that same token Americans shouldn't have giant sodas or meals. Because we don't  need  large meals, but we  still have them .
1	No, I know what this guy is talking about because it happened to me during Sugar Rush. Little Red Riding Annie was legacy, but when i got Annie in an Aram i decided to buy that skin which opened up the store in champ select and let me buy it, BUT I couldn't select it until the next game because the client only displayed the normally available skins in the sliding list.
1	As an ADC main, I am not liking the patch. Why did riot nerf one item and buff another item? Riot is basically saying, we've had enough of the caster ADCs--now we want auto attack oriented ADCs. What is Riot's reason for this? They're basically shunning one type of carry and welcoming another one. Their best bet was to implement the IE/Blade/Scimitar changes to bring back the Caits/Trists of the world and nerf the cost of BT rather than making a shitty passive for it and making it way more expensive for a worse item.
1	His main strength is having the best base attack speed in the game (apart from Alchemist in ultimate) and also being incredibly hard to kill as he has high armour and a passive spell that grants him practically magic damage immunity permanently. Combine unkillable (Late game) and kills everything.
0	Personally, it's moreso the sudden shift in focus to "my parents suck"  "penis! penis! penis!"  and "ohmygerd masturbation stories/embarassment."   I don't relate.  Not because crass penis humor is not relatable.  But because these are 1st tier jokes.  (Like an influx of knock knock jokes to the front page.   Who invited the 5 year old humor brigade in?)   I  wish for more topics to be upvoted that were more unusual and more substantive.   I don't mean smart stuff, I mean stupid stuff that is actually unusual or unusually funny.   A lot of reddit is "What is your most unusual life experience" and when lots of 15 year olds chime in with stuff that has happend TO ALL OF US, you wait for the truly awesome 30/40/50 year old story to show up, or the extreme statistical anamoly 15 year old story to show up.   Since that doesn't happen, you exit the room of the 15 year olds, because you didn't know you were walking into a high school party.   In general "unusual life experience" stories are not areas where 15 year olds excel, b/c they don't have as much of them.   Also, 15 year olds upvote the non-unusual stories b/c they relate to them, and they think they are unusual stories.  So the upvote count gets skewed.
1	best roamer in the game: trundle   rammus is good no doubt, faster, but waaaay less chase-able, and not as good 1v1 as trundle either (since you tend to see a lot of ad champs, trundle's q is a major detriment to them) and if you get ghost Priscilla's blessing an ms rune and trundle's aoe going simultaneously, he can keep pace with rammus. also trundle's ult screws over rammus hardcore.   master yi is also fast, and a strong fighter, stronger than trundle, but trundle has better escaping capacity, and can actually counter a master yi if you build a thornmail   Kassadin isn't someone you chase, you either chain cc him or hes gone cause hes a freaking Kassadin, trundle relies on his cc redux and ms steroids, combined with his pillar to escape, but it keeps him in sight, which i noticed tends to make enemies want to chase me even more when i play him. Also booking it to an hp regen rune or two is always helpful and allows you to do some quick poking with your q and then break off again and again and again.
1	Well, UOL did have a chance to change their 3rd and 4th pics, but they didn't. Then it was up to SK to change or not, and it was definitely unsportsmanlike to change to UOL's previous 5th pick. On the other hand, UOL could have changed one of their other changeables to secure it, if it was that important.
1	Dude what, twitch chat is next level trash talking. /r/leagueoflegends complains, but its on the minimal margin. People are both impressed and disappointed, and show their emotion.
1	It's just an excuse and trying to cover the fact that they got beat, beat hard! I mean why wouldn't you train and practice hard for the NA regionals finals especially when a place in the world championship is on the line and a place in the season 3 championship, i think its just a really bad excuse and i have seen a lot of pro gamers try and find a reason to why they got beat but they just got outplayed on the day, you don't go in to the finals where $40,000 is up for stakes and the difference of the money between first and second place it's always nice to have the extra money.
0	Anyone who's spent any time in any ghetto is going to see ghetto shit.  Watch "the wild and wonderful whites of West Virginia" and tell me what makes them different from hood rats.   Some of my black family lives in projects, and some in the suburbs. Those in the projects act like whites in trailer parks. The ones in the suburbs act like whites in the suburbs. My sister is black, wealthy, and a staunch Republican (voted for Bush twice). People don't act different based on race, they act different based on socioeconomic status.
1	I wish people would stop whining about changes like this. Firstly, this was a change they were testing. They chose to inform you what they were doing and asked for helpful input and everyone just gets pissed. Secondly, they're trying to fix a problem! Lane sustain is dumb, it makes the game considerably less fun.
1	Hey, just wanted to give my 2 cents on this topic. A couple weeks ago I decided to climb from 1300 to 1450. In 2 days, I climbed that elo and it was because of one reason: the time of day I decided to queue. Not to make generalizations and such, but I avoided the early afternoons to late night because I knew that this was when people in high school and younger were on LoL. Trust me, you will experience the difference between queuing in the morning/noon time vs the afternoon/nighttime. Generally I get more mature and less flame-y teammates and enemies when I queue during school hours. 1300-1450 elo is such a toxic elo area where people give up and start raging if the smallest thing isn't going their own way. You want to try to minimize this by eliminating the probability that this will happen, thereby increasingly making the game a test of true skill rather than a war of insults and qq-ing.
0	Why not both! Lol in all seriousness though i have both worlds, i regret the gaming pc though cause i built it when i had zippo money, right now i have money, i should have built it now! Now im $800 in debt
0	Conversely, if I have my company on my car please don't hold me to a significantly higher standard than normal drivers. I used to have company advertising on my car and it caused me to receive far more abuse for tiny things than before I had it or since I removed it. And by tiny things I mean not taking off as soon as the light turns green instead of half a second later.   The big one that I remember was while I was reversing out of a car park. This particular car park is really badly designed with nowhere near enough room to move properly. It features parallel parking spots against a fence and normal parking spots in the middle with less than 1.5 car widths in between. I was backing out of one of the normal spots and a woman had parked in one of the parallel spots. She was a bit outside of the lines (because the parking spots are stupidly narrow and if oyu park inside the lines then your passengers can't get out) giving me hardly any room to work with. On top of this it was raining HEAVILY and I could hardly see out of the window. Due to all these reasons, I was going very VERY slowly (seriously, a fucking snail could have overtaken me, my speedometer wasn't even registering that I was moving). Sadly enough, I misjudge how much room I have and tap her car. I jump out and check if the cars are OK and offer to pay for any damage since it was my fault. We look at the collision spot and she offers the information that there isn't any damage, not even a paint scratch. I apologize again and she says its OK since there was no harm done and the conditions were appalling. As I go to drive off, she notices my advertising and bursts into a tirade about how I should learn to drive and that I should be fired and that she would sue my company for damages.   It wasn't her abuse that surprised me, fair enough, I reversed into your car, you deserve to be angry with me. It was that the abuse didn't start until after we determined that there was no damage, after I apologized a few times and after she said it was OK  and that the trigger for it was purely that I was driving a car with advertising on it. If she had been abusing me from the start, well, fair enough, I was in the wrong and potentially damaged your property but she was OK with that until she knew that I worked for a company.
0	both partners must work to provide for the family unit. If only one individual has a formal job then the informal tasks should be carried out by the other spouse e.g. cooking/cleaning/accounting/child care and so on.   not saying it should be all or nothing but the stay at home spouse should be the main contributor to the household tasks.
1	You must work for MLG.  Guess what buddy, Riot and IPL and Garena and OGN and IEM and whoever else there is all have these same sort of constraints, and their LoL tournaments are all far smoother and more fan friendly than the last few MLGs I've watched.  Not even streaming HALF of the matches is freaking PATHETIC.
1	First, I want to say that I am not a very good player, I am only silver V atm, so all of this may only work at this elo.   Second, the build. Normally on Kassa you go tear, catalyst and then ROA.   My normal build on Kassa is tear, blasting wand, so I have at least 80-90 AP at lvl9 and then I finish ROA. 2nd I buy seekers and finish my Zhonya. After that, whatever is neeeded. If you need more tankyness, go for Rylai's, if you are doing good, go for deathcap or voidstaff.   Now, the laning phase.   Pre6, it is going to be hell for kassadin, because he can't spam Q that much. But after 6(most likely 9, so your Q is at max level), if I survived without dieing untill then, I jump on him first, QE and then back. Then, I try to roam, because his silence, being longer range than mine, makes him dangerous. But he won't jump you unless you are close to him (at least that happened to me), so if you either roam or stay away and cs with Q, you won't have any problems.   Teamfights:   It's been 15 mins, I have ROA, sorc and a blasting. I'm not really in the phase of "Now you see you're carry, now you don't". At these early teamfights, Talon will be a bigger threat than me, but he won't focus me, because I am much tankier. So, when he goes in on someone, silence him as soon as you can, and then burst him down. Or even better, if you can catch him somewhere before the teamfight and kill him, it will be easy.
1	So HotshotGG. I want to say, I am not a viewer of yours. Part of that is a perception of your attitude.   Your statements and the value you seem to put in your fans has me reconsidering things. I intend to give your stream another longer try.
1	If you're League V, then you won't be demoted until you have the MMR of League-1 V. So if I'm gold V (which is true), I won't be demoted until I have the MMR of a Silver 5.
0	Background:  My friend met a seemingly nice and mentally stable girl. After 6 months, she mentions that they should move in together (sign one).  They look at a house to rent.  Due to time constraints, they need to make a decision within three days.  He gets cold feet, and she gives him an ultimatum, either move in or break (sign 2).  They move in together, and so starts her very erratic and bipolarish behavior.  This past Friday, they meet up for happy hour.  She asks, " how much do you love me?" Him, "ehhhh."  In all seriousness, she asks, " is okay if I sleep with my boss to get a promotion?  It's not a big deal. It's just sex."
0	If the pets get returned to shelter because of making the barrier too low, it would not be working against them. Remember too that they are entrusting the life of animals to total strangers. Some of the stories here sound like over-zealousness on the shelters' applications of policy. They are making sure the adopters are actually who they claim to be, not lab animal adopters or fight dog trainers or hoarders. It is imperfect. The animal will be with you for a long time & you will be entrusted with its well-being, now and in its sunset years. I don't think it is too inconvenient to make sure it is a good fit.   Have you seen the insane number of 2 year old cats in shelters? Oh, cat no longer kitten-cute but still crawls up my leg? Feh, bring it back to the shelter!   But all in all, seeing an animal go to a subpar situation is better than the alternative.
1	You're paired up against similar skilled players in your placements based on your normal win/loss record (Matchmaking Ratio or "MMR"). So if you're usually playing against ~Bronze in normal, you'll play against ~Bronze in your placements. If you usually play against ~Gold in normals, you'll play against ~Gold in your placements.   So if you only win 3/10 against a bunch of Silver to Gold players, you may still be placed higher than someone who won 6/10 against Bronze to Silver players.   Other factors like duo queue'ing also affect this, as duo queues get matched against slightly harder opponents.
1	They used to follow you a lot less. It was dumb, because it meant that characters with halfway decent mobility could lose creep aggro without going far enough away to actually let you farm.
1	I think you guys are misunderstanding one thing : this is not a balance type change, it's one of these game clarification really needed to make LoL a better eSport game. You can't just expect players to watch the ground shaking under their feet in the middle of a huge teamfight, it's just not how it should work in a game like LoL where every AoE ground targeted skillshot is clearly visible by lines like this one.   All I see in this thread is whine about balance, and I agree it is somewhat of a nerf, but they are most probably looking at Cho and his balance at the moment, otherwise they wouldn't change something about his kit.
0	This was my thought. First off, there's a difference between being colourblind and monochromatic, and monochromatism is more detrimental but also  a lot  more rare. Unless is was a slight difference in colour, he probably would have been able to tell.
1	i play zed just fine, even in a tank meta. you can 1v1 anybody on their team if you didn't feed and know how to itemize.   as far as teamfights go, you are really dumb if you jump on a ap mid or adc knowing they have their zhonyas/sash up. the actives on those items need to be baited out by your team first before you jump in. playing an assassin means you have to wait for the right opportunity to jump in, it doesn't mean 'ult adc as soon as i walk in range'   also, if youre that ahead in lane have you tried roaming? roaming is an essential aspect of playing mid that many people forget. as soon as you get a kill or have your wave pushed, try roaming top/bot to keep the other team shut down. shut down makes it harder for them to get the gold to 'tank up'
1	We aren't playing some mobile free to play game. There is a lot more depth to player retention than currency flow. People don't play league because they want to catch'em all.  You are missing the point that the current IP sinks are very specific towards making actual gameplay fair (champs, runes, pages). New content (which costs money for Riot) is meant to make riot money (skins, champs, ward skins, boosts, etc) but if you make it free it doesn't help riot make more money. Finding ways to take away IP is fine, but requiring it to take away from something that makes profit doesn't make sense no matter how much artificial scarcity you have. The two currencies are completely separate and only convert 1 way, Rp to IP though boosts. You don't need any skins, wards or champion, to play a game, and win. So those who elect to buy them spend money. If they were free (IP) then they would lose value since it is a sign of commitment to the game to buy something so frivolous.   Players continue to play because they are either playing ranked and want to climb leagues (which requires 0 currency) or just play casually and maybe want more champs. Impatient ones buy champions with RP and riot makes money. I do not play league because I want more IP. I play ranked for the competition. If I wanted IP I'd just play co-op vs ai dominion and get my daily boost.
0	Good for you OP, I was in the same situation with my Ex and have come to accept that I should have done something sooner. I'm now in therapy and trust me, everyday is hard. I was verbally and emotionally harassed and abused on a near daily basis. It sucked, and what's worse was that I was living in China with her... It was very hard to get away since everyone in her family belongs to the communist party of China. She has threatened me so many times to the point that I was scared for my life. I'm scared of what her family could do to me if things escalated further. As a foreign, we have little rights in China with so many corrupt officials and her father even has access to a database to access the whereabouts of foreigners in China.   I left for my safety and I'm never going back to Inner Mongolia and I still fear what the future holds for me there when I return to school this summer in Hangzhou. It's been since August and she still harasses me by calling from different phone numbers and hacking into my Weixin accounts and creating fake accounts to spam me with. She is even demanding money from me "or else..."   Trust me, I'm still very scared of her and her family. But there's no reason anyone should go through what I'm going through. I consider myself strong enough to get through this, but when I explained this to my therapist, she nearly had a heart attack from my stories.   I wish you the best of luck and I wish you have a speedy recovery. I know I have many more months of therapy ahead and that my trust in women won't be back for a while, not before my self-confidence comes back at least.
1	I think they should add the timer on when you tab their score, if they recently put their trinket down or no. Yes, its gets hard ganking when the enemy gets lvl 9 (2min free ward), but by that time the laningphase has already ended. I would not recommend playing counterjunglers in S4. Shaco took all my wraiths and golems and I took like 2 of his wraiths and I came in the lead over the enemy Shaco. He was just annoying and there's no snowballing UNLESS you have your Ancient item.   I think that jungler's that have it bad early will slowly come back again. In that category belongs Amumu,Maokai,Skarner,Shen,Mundo,Trundle,Hecarim,Nautilus and Rammus cause of the new jungle changes.
1	She can be successful at some kind of low elo ranges, where people don't know how to handle her and let her snowball pretty hard, but at higher levels of play people don't let katarina be that successful. Katarina have a problem that consiste in being so strong and so weak at the same time. If she is set behind she becomes really useless and cant really have any impact on the game. That is due to the new katarina being so easy to play and she is no longer a high risk high reward champ and is now a low risk low reward champ. Due to the weakness of ap assassin katarina people started to guild tank katarina and go too lane with her, being a teamfight disrupt spam bot that just needs to absorb and zone as much people as possible. Carry katarina is in a bad spot at the moment, she needs some balance fixes, riot cannot nerf her damage anymore because damage is the only thing katarina does, riot does need to raise katarina damage and make her more difficult to play, so people who do the best to get a full ult off get a better reward.
0	Do you realize how important Facebook and Social Media in general is? Social Media is making mainstream (TV) news obsolete. They are showing things from the web/SM all the time because that is where they are not getting their news from. That's right, the NEWS is getting their stories from the internet and Social Media. Hell,  Reddit  is mentioned on the news more and more frequently these days.
0	holy shit! if you actually read what I wrote and thought about it you'd realize 3 comments later you are still agreeing with me and now violently so.
1	by 22 minutes, your team should have all the outer towers of the enemy team. in most games, you are the one that is going to have to lead your team to take them. between 10:00 and 22:00 you should do your best to get your lane's tower, not lose your lane's tower, and get the outer tower of other lanes. this is about 600g and a lot of experience for your team.   after you get all outer towers, you should keep side lanes pushed.  if you push and no one comes to stop you, then you can take the 2nd outer tower for free.  if one person comes and the other 4 are on the map. you can 1v1 easily and put huge pressure on that side of the map.   even if you back off after pushing the side lane, you will force someone to go bot, meaning you can 5v4 mid or in their jungle while one of theirs is bot.   putting pressure on side lanes by keeping the side lanes pushed is a VERY strong strategy.  it also prevents backdooring on side lanes, and gets you a lot of farm and experience.   even if your team does a 4v5 mid because they are dumb and dont see you bot, then your pressure bot will force a lot of the survivors to go bot or heal to stop your push.   in most cases, they will send at least 2 people bot to try to stop you, this takes a lot of pressure off of your teammates, and can easily lead to a 4v3 with the remaining players or for your team to collapse on people chasing you.   this strategy is not recommended after 35:00 minutes, because death timers are too long.
0	Also you need to account for the extra service that goes with first. The hosts serving you are paid more as they are expected to know multiple languages etc. You drink premium wines and have better food, blankets, headphones, entertainment, luggage allowance and gift baskets. You'll get access to airport lounges and possible complementary limos at either end of the flight. And so on.
0	Are you sitting comfortably? This one's a bit of a lengthy read, and I'm not doing a
0	Most companies are complete crap. I worked for 3 weeks at Northwestern Mutual over summer, which is considered #1 for life insurance (based on their credit rating, average payout on claim, dividends) and fucking hated it. They don't pay you ("you're not an employee, you're an agent of the company") so you really need to whore yourself pretty hard if you want to make any money. Everyone (at least that in my office) who was successful was a complete tool. Highly educated (most people in my office went to Stanford or somewhere else private) and hated anything relating to Barack Obama or economic redistribution. Very conservative, very douchy (sp?) crowd.
1	I explained my thoughts in a thread on the league forums but I'll copy paste them here too](   Though I see their standpoint as wanting to make skins for anyone to buy at anytime, to not hinder new player's ability to purchase a skin because they've joined the game later, I do believe that some skins should be limited edition, including this year's Championship Thresh skin, and I am also disappointed in not seeing a Season 3 Championship Icon, with perhaps a lantern instead of a sword like season 2's.  My reasoning for this is that the skin was made in honor of the Season 3 Championship, and if its able to come back on sale during a legacy sale in 2 years it will lose the value of being for the Season 3 Championship, The skin will lose the fact that it was sold during the Season 3 Championships and no longer be "the season 3" skin and just be a "championship" skin in general. With only 1 "Limited Edition" skin per year at this rate (Victorious Skin for those who achieve gold or higher in soloQ/3v3/5v5 by the end of the season) I feel like loyal players are getting the short end of the stick. We've played the game for years, and should be rewarded with skins (even if only 2 or 3, Championship Skins, maybe 1 of 3 per each holiday is exclusive to that year, PAX Skins) that will show that we've played since a different era then those whom just picked up the game. And to those new players, who are jealous of Snow Bunny Nidalee, or Kitty Cat Katarina, or Victorious J4, They will get their chance at Limited Edition skins in the future, however with how Riot is currently doing "Legacy Skins" replacing "Limited Edition" skins, only the really old school players will have any chance at having a skin worth sentimental value. This may come with disadvantages to Riot, such as not being able to sell some of their skins, however I think they can get more off of a limited edition skin then a skin that can be sold at anytime, at least instantaneously. Well as this is just turning into a rant rather then a thought out post, I'm going to end it with why I am ranting. It could be because I'm insane and tired, or it could be because I just want to have something others wont be able to have in the future ( and I already do have plenty of LE skins ), however I'm thinking of the new wave of players, whom will never have a chance to say "Hey, I got this skin back in Season 3" without others saying "No, you probably bought it during the Season 5 Championships", If that makes any sense at all, its 3:20am and I'm tired.
0	Totally unrelated. My samsung 65 inch DLP TV just had the light tunnel collapse so there is a giant vertical shadow on the left side of the screen.
0	I graduated in 2008 with a BS in EE. Here are some tips:   In order to get an interview, someone needs to see your resume. As a brand new graduate, there isn't much to distinguish you and your resume is just one in a pile of 50. There are a couple ways to approach this, and I would recommend using them all at once.  First, spam your resume out to any decent job you see. I sent mine to over 100 companies. This is just to increase the chance that your resume ends up on the top of some pile somewhere.  Second, consider making a couple versions of your resume/cover letter that are tailored to specific fields. Your degree may be in Aerospace, but in one version you should spend extra time explaining your mechanical, or testing, or document-writing experience. When you apply for a job, look at what they want, and send them the resume they want to see. Third, don't just look at Monster or Indeed, and don't just look at the obvious companies like GE. Go to the websites of small local companies and see if they have a careers section. If there's no position listed, just email the person and introduce yourself; what's the worst that can happen? Make contacts through family, friends, people you meet in the bar, etc. You need to cast a wide net.   To prepare for an interview: Practice your interviews and you elevator speech. Think about what your interviewer wants to hear. Make a list of all the typical questions and have ideas about how you will answer them. Pick answers that demonstrate that you're a team player. Spend 15min researching what your prospective employer does and know some of the terms or some of their products.   And finally, keep in mind that a mediocre job is 10x better than no job (as far as advancing your career and making money). If in a few weeks/months you're really getting nowhere, consider taking a job that pays less than you want or isn't quite in your field. Once you have a job, some experience, and some income, you can search for a better job. You might even meet people or companies that will help you get promoted or find that second job.   Don't worry. Engineers are always in demand. The first job is the hardest to get, because everyone wants someone with experience.
1	Given how hard it is to create a  true  random number generator in programming, chances are the algorithm that ARAM uses probably isn't entirely random to begin with. Furthermore, changing the team comp. algorithm seems to me to be the best way to get fewer people to leave the game without dishing out penalties. The only problem (and admittingly a big one) is that people may disagree on when the algorithm should intervene with champion select. That problem aside, a good randomness algorithm would merely randomly select everyone's champions continually until a good match has been found. So, as long as the algorithm only intervenes in scenarios where one team  drastically  outmatches the other, I don't see why such an idea has to be downvoted without debate.
0	Music degree holder, here. I teach guitar, bass, and voice, privately. I also power game church choirs. I also perform in two groups that gig regularly. There is always a way to make money with your passion. You just have to be crafty and resourceful. Sure, you can get an additional job and work during the day and gig/teach at night (been there, done that), but it is possible to succeed with an artistic based degree.
0	At a horse show in Spain that was incredibly boring, I noticed that a small group of individuals that seemed way too into dressage would initiate all of the applause. They would clap, then the entire stadium would follow.   To pass the time, my brother and I started clapping at completely inane horse maneuvers, and to our surprise, the crowd bought it.   Grinning, the two of us, knowing nothing about horses, led thousands to applaud every standard left turn.   I had unlimited power literally in my hands. After the show ended I fell into a deep depression that I still suffer from today.
1	I always thought having a 2 barrel shotgun shoot 3 bullets in a cone was wierd. Long time ago i thought of a Q change that involves shooting 2 big projectiles one after the other(to match the weapon), something like Fioras gap closer (you can activate it a second time for no cost in the next 3 secs or so) the projectile would have a width and range similar to Lulu's glitter lance. The second projectile would deal damage depending on the distance between the unit hit and Graves  (less sdistance, more damage) or the second one dealing more damage if the first projectile hit. This way you can use E or W between Qs. Also thought of extra damage to enemies inside his smokescreen, % armor pen or simple damage amplification, with this maybe his ult would feel more satisfying.  Hope my ideas help.
0	Yup!   I go to the machines because its quicker for me to check myself out, and better for me to bag my things myself.  If I bag it myself, stupid things don't end up together (like cold items in the same bag as cardboard, that will end up soggy cardboard by the time I get home).  When I was a cashier (about 17 years ago, so not terribly long ago), I had to memorize things like produce codes, I would get in trouble if I bagged things badly, I couldn't basically toss food down to the bagging area without getting yelled out, etc.   I feel like an old guy saying 'back in my day', but you know what? A lot of cashiers today suck at their jobs.  I'm not going to go to them just because they need a job, I should be going to their lane because they make my life easier than the a machine where I end up doing all the work.
1	Second this man's comment. Warding the side brush is one of the most important things to do against a team with a skillshot CC chain (leona, blitz), or a high punishing combo (garen/nunu). Basically the gist is you put the ward in the sidebrush and harrass them to a less threatening position.   It is very important that you coordinate with your support. Splitting off from them (say, they run back to tower and you go into river) is risking ambush from their jungler, or just to get chased down by Nunu with bloodboil.   Once the side brush is warded, most supports actually have mechanisms to deal with this lane:   Soraka : heal mitigates garen spin, silence right before garen spins.   Alistar : peeling, CCing both, sustain   Sona : Sona I can see having some problems. Maybe E powerchord might help with the slow, but I could definitely see issues with Sona pre-6.   Taric : Stun to counter their combo, W to mitigate damage   Janna : CC to stop their combo, shield mitigation.   Blitz : if playing conservatively, Blitz can counterinitiate by hooking one into tower, especially as they are both melee.   The first step in all of these strategies, however, is absolutely to stop them from engaging whenever you can with a ward in the brush, a ward up river or tribrush to prevent jungler ganks, and then you can hug the area of the lane away from their brush. Your range advantage should prove useful, and you should be able to last hit decently well, or at least at tower.   Keep in mind that autoattacking the first wave is probably the worst thing you can do, as pushing your lane out allows them to gain much more space with their brush control. Try to manage your lane creeps near your tower if you can so you can last hit freely.   Since Nunu's initiate isn't a hard CC, most carries have an escape mechanism against their engage as well:   Trist  W/R   Cait  W/E   Corki  W   Ez  E   Kog  E, though this is admittedly weak.   Vayne  E/Q/R + Q.   Graves  Smoke + QuickDraw (don't know hotkeys)   This isn't something that should be used except once a minute. If you're having to W away every time you go in for a last hit, wait for the creeps to push out or re-ward the brush and harass them.   As the AD, you can also adjust your starting items: cloth + 5 will make you near impossible to push out of lane with a sustainy support, or Doran's blade stacking if you're concerned about them full to 0ing you.
0	OK, so I've never told this story to anyone. But on my wedding night, on a cruise, my wife and I hooked up with a hot blonde. I was really hammered and I started talking to this girl and my new wife sealed the deal. (yes, still married) We bring this girl back to our awesome suite on the ship and I bang both of their brains out. Drunk as fuck mind you.   Honestly, I remember very little. I remember them wearing lingerie and us all having sex in the shower and I remember having anal with a young girl I just met.   Anyway, I wake up, hungover. Bad, bad hangover. The girl is there, I don't even know her name. She wakes up while I'm still laying in bed with my head spinning and thanks us for the night and leaves.   My wife and I decide it was a crazy night and go to the deck to get some breakfast. So I get some food and try eat my first plate. I then decide to get seconds.   When I walk up to the line, there is a girl wearing sunglasses that says hi to me and asks how I'm doing. I look at her very puzzled and say I'm "fine"  and walk away. I was kinda short because I figured she was some girl I talked to last night when I was hammered.   Nope. It was the girl from last night that I banged out in every orifice in her body.   I found this out later as I talked to her later in the night when I saw her out again at the club. She said she was really upset when I dismissed her like that. She said she could barely walk the next day because of me and I didn't even know who she was. I did feel slightly bad.   After the cruise we ended up hooking up again on my birthday which was a fun time.
1	How many times will we see this " premade whinning " ? I played Solo s3 and only Duo s4.   Only thing premades really destroys is fairness if they have a lot of divisions gap ( exagerated exemple : Plat 5 with bronze 5 ).  After that...   1rst point : It's usually Premade + 3 vs Premade + 3. So a duo can match another one. I think it was first designed to be duo bot + 3. As duo requires more synergy than other lane. I' d rather be matched in a duo with my pre' who isn't awesome bot than to play with a random guy who has 80% of flaming because you don't play like he likes his bot partner to play.   2nd point : Flaming against premades is the same as flaming against anyone. You may be solo or duo, you'll still get flamed if you died, even if it makes you go 8 /1 instead of 8 /0. And muting two randoms or two premades, what does it change ?   3rd point : Premades are as good or as bad as any randoms, but only the ones failing are noticed.
0	My upstairs neighbors are thin, noisy, rude, and shitty. Turns out it's also my ex-girlfriend and her current boyfriend. What the fuck are the chances? Not only that she lives in the same complex (out of hundreds). But directly above me (over 1000 units in my complex).
1	Well, I'm not going to post all my thoughts on Nidalee, since it would be a really long comment on a thread that's already 15 hours old, but I'll put in a shortened version of it. In my opinion, Nidalee's primary issues stem from her very powerful heal, her high mobility, and the inconsistency of her javelins.   My major changes would involve lowering the base damage and AP ratio of her javelin by a fair margin, but significantly increasing the missile speed to make them more consistent. I want Nidalee to be able to rain spears from afar during a siege, but I want to see consistent, reliable damage as opposed to an occasional brutal hit. I agree with you that her heal needs a pretty big drop on the ratio. I'd like to see some of that AP ratio moved to the attack speed bonus, though. It would place a larger emphasis on the offensive nature of her heal and reinforce her role as a strong siege champion. As to Nidalee's mobility, I think that it's too reliable in any situation. She can escape all but the stickiest champions (Lee Sin, Kassadin, etc.) even if she's just running straight down a lane. I would increase the cooldown on Pounce significantly; at least double what it is now. To compensate, I would increase the movement speed bonus on her passive and make Pounce dash farther to incentivize sneaky paths across walls and through the jungle rather than directly away from her opposition.   This comment still ended up a lot longer than I intended, but that's the general idea of where I think Nidalee's problems lie and how I would fix them, given the chance. I also would like to make some smaller changes to her Cougar form to put a little power back into AD Nidalee, but that's a little out of the central topic here.
1	Uhm, you sure about rumble? as far as I know Trundles Q takes ad and rumnble is pretty much independent from his AD.   Also Trundle has to go NEAR minions to lasthit them... Rumble coutners almost everything that is Melee.
1	To be fair it's not that he was relying on the fact the he was "famous". At his ELO pretty much everybody knows each other and the champions they play. I'm not saying it was right for Froggen to rage like that but the incident mainly happened because Eve trolled him. Watching most high elo streams you'll hear "Oh it's X, he plays Y." or "Oh man, not X he bought his account." I watched a Dyrus video on how to play singed earlier today and at the loading screens he noticed a player and said "Oh it's X, he defaulted to Yorick because he only plays Singed, Yorick, Y and Z."   There's a big difference between you not knowing who plays what and them not knowing. The difference is pretty much you not knowing what role/champions your friends play. I watched Hafu's stream yesterday and she played against 5/6 of the same people three games in a row. The reason queue times are so long at that elo is because sometimes you have to wait for a game to end for there to be enough people to start a game.
1	It is not a bannable offense but I think there are two types of backdooring: Regular backdooring & asshole backdooring.   Asshole backdooring occurs when the INSTANT a team fight initiates yi (it's almost always yi with asshole backdooring) teleports down to a creep wave (or carefully placed ward) and begins hacking away at a tower. You can't even teleport there fast enough to save it. So every team fight you are guaranteed to lose one tower AT LEAST and at that point the other team never needs to do anything, they just start a team fight, run back home, have yi pop a tower, defend while they wait for yi's ult and Youmuu's Ghostblade to pop off cooldown, rinse and repeat.   I really hate games like this because it becomes "We can't push until yi is dead". Which means you spend the majority of the game not wanting to push because you will lose a tower and the other team not wanting to push because then it is harder for yi to be successful with this tactic. It makes for long, tedious games.
1	If you really want to improve, you need to be able to play most role.   You shouldn't only practice one role, but if you really need to do it, play a champ that you can play top, mid, jungle or even support!   You want to be able to play champs that has ok/good early game, decent mid game and a really strong late game. That way, you just have to stall the game and just win because your champ is better than the other team.   But that kind of champion is really hard to find.
0	They sell it at that price to get people in the store who are hungry. If you buy a cooked chicken for $5 then you're more likely to buy a cold salad or fries while you're there too, which causes the customer to spend more then what a raw chicken would cost($8-10).
0	Religious beliefs have very little (if not nothing) to do with the conflict in NI and the old one in Ireland. They did not fight to determine whether transubstantiation was a viable dogma. They fought as social entities within a country colonised by Britain for hundreds of years. Hundreds of years during which Irish people (traditionally catholics - they still are today, and yes it's important to stress it) suffered (more or less, depending on the era you look at) under the rule of British kings and queens. The suffering of Irish folks is that of a colonised country.   And that's were I think you miss the point. Religion  does  play a part in NI still today. Not as  people disagree on religious matter  but as in the religion you're born in will determine a shitload of social factors for you, whether you end up believing or not. Compare it to race problems in the US. Traditionnaly, protestant people in NI descend from british and scottish settlers, whereas catholic people are Irish all the way through (there again, generalisation to keep things simple).   But then again, the conflict in Ireland and then NI is deep, complicated, and would take a shitload of time to explain. Basically what is to be remembered is:     Irish people, when set in a society where discrimination was  institutionalized  have benefited and still benefit from AA.   The question of religion is central but not in the way most people think. Many people tend to believe catholicism is a major component of  irishness . To what extent is that true? Are Protestants in NI not Irish? If you look at polls, you'll see that Catholics still identify as Irish, but not so much for Protestants --> [see here] ( And what about protestants in Ireland (they're few but they exist!)?   If you want to take a look at AA in NI, you can start [here] ( but I suggest reading about the history of the two countries (ROI and NI) first, to try and grasp the identity dynamics.   The idea that Catholics are now better treated that protestants (including through AA) is what led a portion of the Protestant lower-class to start the flag protests last year.
1	Well, just be aggresive. When you are SoloQ'ing, pick a lane bully as adc and a poker/heavy CC support, and you'll be fine. Right when the blue sides ADC and support arrives at lane, go for the harass. Yesterday I played against a Corki and Karma, I know, not the most picked bottom lane, but they did golems, I played as MF and had a Thresh support with me, we went very aggresive and snowballed that lane, hard. Because they were low on hp after the golems, we just harrased them a bit and zoned them out of the creeps, so they couldn't use their xp advantage at all.
1	and...what? have you been banned? how do you know they reported you? League is a game that brings all sorts of people together from disparate places and many of those people rage, and many don't. You can hardly say that this is "what the community has become" based on a single game with 9 people you've never met and might never meet again.   Writing reports is pretty bothersome when 1) the tribunal is down and 2) you want to queue up for another match and don't really care about what happened in the previous one, which I will say is my attitude and is one i've had that's fairly prevalent. Even on my most toxic days, back when I raged because I thought it would help, I only ever got RIOT's little warning thingy once.
0	Here's a studying linking sleep duration and mortality,]( in case anyone is interested.
1	You can imagine all you want. Facts are EU teams beat somewhat high tier Korean team.
1	The only submission to "best non-meta discussion" that is actually a discussion, a substantial one at that, also the only one that is not a story, not a circle jerk, not a cat-fighting pissing contest, etc.   Also I haven't seen it before and seems like a very valid observation that actually warrants a bigger discussion.   Good going.   Also since you didn't include any information, for people looking for a
1	I don't know how to feel about this Zed nerf.   I mean it has the potential to open up the field more outplays since the shadow is now at a location apart from being right behind the target, but this also means that Zed won't get the old damage output that his ult combo originally had. In fact, I believe he would actually have to work desperately for his kill.   Essentially, this change not only how Zed function as a champion, but changes his entire play style as well. I believe Zed players will have to rework their mechanical skills to actually play him now.
0	Rott's get the same treatment.  Knew a guy years ago who had a Rott mix, kept trying to portray her has the meanest, toughest, nastiest dog ever.  One night while the group was hanging out, he and I were in some kind of conversation and at one point he points at me and tells her to "get him(me)"  She starts jumping around me barking and such while I just stand there with my arms crossed. After about 10 seconds I look at her and ask "You done?"  She stops, parks her butt, tilts her head, and looks at me with a "Yes, pet me now?" look
1	The overlord is used for vision but also is important to the Zerg to allow them to build more units. Usually Zerg use their overlords and scout the enemy base. Commonly, picking off an Overlord is easy, but he used it in a way that tempted the enemy to go for it out in the open and he just surrounded him with melee units while range cleaned up.
1	Really I think the whole issue is less about whether he will be over or underpowered and more about the fact that Ezreal's W was something unique about him.  Sure he probably needed a nerf and sure the W's debuff might have been the obvious target, but to get rid of it entirely seems not only harsh, but wrong.  They probably should have just made the debuff significantly lower or something, but at least kept it.  Now there is essentially no reason to level W until you have to.   There's too much "Good he needs a nerf.  Too OP"  and "This nerf is unfair.  Ez sucks again" going around.  Really we need to take a moment to look at the good and the bad.   Good:  Ezreal probably needed a nerf and the debuff made it too easy for him to jump in and trade when he was meant more to poke.   Bad:  Now essence flux is almost entirely useless and we lose one of the things that made Ezreal unique and fun to play.   We shouldn't be happy with these kinds of changes.  Too much of this kind of nerfing will lead to all the champions being the same and that is boring.  Rather we need to alter what exists to make it fair and then seeking new counters and trying to alter the metagame instead of complaining that something is too hard.  I feel like if the percent debuff on essence flux were drastically decreased, it would be much easier to deal with, while still maintaining some of the fun mechanics of Ezreal
1	I watch streams on an atom based nettop connected to my pc. (Low cpu power etc)   Twitch.tv lags for me if I have the normal webpage open, after some investigation I found it was the chat client. So when some action happened, people would talk about it and would cause lag at the most exciting times!   Then I found the popout button, closed the original browser window and it was perfect.
0	Who the fuck gets a laptop each year? This baby has lasted for 10 years and still going  just fine.   Also, I did get straight A's in both middle and high school an my parents could give two shits if I got A's or F's but it was my hard work and determination that got me it and I frankly learned from a young age that what you do is not to impress other people, but to give yourself the confidence and courage to make it in the real world. Learning is for you not for your parents or guardian. Unfortunately, some people never get this lesson and spend their entire life not really learning but trying to get the grade that their parents want. They would choose the easy classes over the hard classes so their grade would look better, even cheat some. We need to teach students that grades are not the basis that is your entire life. What you learned and what knowledge you have is. My straight A's were a combination of my own hard work and determination to make it in the real world  so I took the hard classes, failed some tests ,so what? I LEARNED. I went back, I looked over my answers, I found different ways to study that worked for me, I asked my professor for help. This helped me in the real world so much because just some of these people don't get it that you need I learn from your mistakes.
0	This is very true, it's very noticeable in online user reviews. People are more compelled to vent about negative things than good things(unless it exceeds expectations). There are probably tons of people who think, "oh that's nice." Unless it touches them on a personal level they won't feel moved to make a comment. A wife who shares your interests that's nice... GGG Canadian biker who helps a disabled person get unstuck from a curb, now that's touching (and far less common). Because of this the cynical assholes have a much larger presence in the comments. I'm going to start being more vocal when I see nice things.
1	just looked at like 30seconds of your youtube vid. I know it's not a lot but I didn't get as much time to look at it as I thought I would (got called in w/e) anywho - ryze mid, you basically used your Q to last hit melee creeps that are point blank range.   NO!!!! It is tempting yes but NO! wait for minion to drop to auto attack health. If you want to hit something AA the castor minions at the back, just you know one each or something to lower then, then get back to finish off the melee creep that you would otherwise waste a Q on.  You don't even have tears yet to even really be luxurious with Qing minions.   Whats that ryze's mastery on?  I take full points into the minion mastery in the offense tree to get more damage on them.   might add more stuff later on, but still-
1	This update makes literally 0 fucking sense. I understand the update is to improve reliability of the server platform, however what is the point of rebuilding the entire server from the ground up in the exact same location? The only solution to solving the east coast problems is moving the data center but it seems like there is 0% chance of that happening if they do a new server build in the exact same spot.
0	I know this isn't probably going to be seen, butt fuck it. (ha)   I am 22 years old, My fiancee of 2 years recently broke up with me, I was, and still am heartbroken by what has happened, but I've accepted the fact that it's happened and am actually starting to enjoy life again now.   The advice I can give you is to just be yourself, nothing is ever going to go your way if you don't portray who you really are to the people that you come into contact with.   Personally I see myself as a kind, thoughtful person, some people like this, some people don't, I don't give 2 fucks if someone doesn't like me for who I am, that's their problem, not mine.   Be strong with yourself and you will get to where you want to go, I've been single for 2 weeks (but didn't have sex for almost a year in the relationship I was in) and already there has been a sudden interest from the opposite sex, and I truly believe that is because I don't go around pretending to be something I'm not.   Go to the Gym, hit the weights, socialize with people, even if it scares the shit out of you, carry on doing it, accept the inevitable that you will get rejected and you will just stop caring about that eventuality after a while. it will take time, but it does the world of good when you can honestly say that you don't care if that girl just wasn't interested, it may happen 10 times before you meet someone with similar interests, it may take 100, but if it's really what you want then you will find a way to make it happen.
1	Was the old system broken? Yes. People could play anything and nothing was ever done about it. Was the system Twitch implemented done well? Hell no, they couldn't have done a much worse job.   I agree that this is work that some people do not want freely used. Yes, some artists do profit off of livestreams. I've gotten a fair share of my music from streamers, and I guarantee you that sales of songs like "Ameno" have gone up due to livestreams. However, many others may not want people using their work, and that is 100% acceptable.   Twitch fucked up in several ways:     They take out a 30 minute section for a single flag detected by their system. 30 minutes. How many songs can you even name that are 30 minutes long? I can name like 3. They could easily chop this down to 6 minutes and 99% of all songs would still get blocked. They could also have their detection software determine when it has ceased detecting copyrighted material for x number of seconds and end the mute there.     Using a guilty until proven otherwise system is just asking to piss people off. They could of at least designed something where the system passes through a VOD, and if it detects something AND if the streamer typically gets x number of concurrent viewers, than that chunk of sound is manually reviewed by staff. They would literally only need to listen for a few seconds. It could autoplay, the Twitch staff hits the green or red button, and the next video plays. Not many streamers even have significant enough viewership to have this happen, it would really not take much manpower on their end.     No warning. How in the fuck does anyone think that bringing a change like this didn't deserve any warning in advance. That's just plain stupid.     They could've done so many things with that detection software....they could use that to share some revenue that would have been made from the VOD. Or, they could implement support for playing music from certain sites, and artists could be credited properly. How about dual audio streams, so your music could be on a separate track that doesn't play during VODs? They had so many options that would have worked in a way that would please more people.       Something did have to change, that's a given. The reason people are pissed is because they did this in a very poor way. They literally failed in almost every way.
1	Rammus win rate is as high as people get cocky in solo queue. That's all there is to it.   He has the speed to ignore your wards. Overaggressive players usually don't ward/ don't look at their wards.   He has the tankiness to punish greed. Coupled with his innate speed, he is one of the best to punish greedy players. Oh so you wanted to stay with below 30% hp? Sorry im coming for you and you won't go back. Also you won't outplay me, its point and click.   I can go on forever on this topic. A good solo queue champion is a champion that punish cockiness, it always will be. Way too much players puts their pride above efficiency. Rammus destroys that because he is so easy  and his kit so good that he won't allow your "plays".   Also his bot lane ganks are way too strong. Unless your support is a support main playing on cafeine, in solo q he is a freekill bot. Hell, if i don't break first blood before 3 minutes i just go bot and kill the support, flash or not. They have no boots anyway. All they need is to be ~in the middle of the lane.   Pick Rammus into Riven, or Yasuo, or Katarina, or Akali, or Leona, or Fiora, i can't think of an aggro pubstomper that doesn't get obliterated by really simplistic Rammus play.   When people will stop underestimating their opponents, or actually put effort in their gameplay, Rammus win rate will fall. Yeah, just nerf his kit, put taunt on a skill shot or something, because that's not gonna happen.   Sounds like a rant but it just happens that i play a good Rammus and  when i win it sickens me because i didn't even put effort into it, enemy gave it to me. I just abused cockiness.
0	What the fuck kind off a question is that? Four years! Four years, and it is a labor intensive process, exhausting, obnoxious, and makes me feel like I have no options. I can't back a candidate in any race because I don't agree with the things they are most likely to act on. I can't even choose the one that I share the most ideology with because that's choosing based on things they're not going to pay any attention to, and falsely assumes that I trust any of them at this point.   Were you referring instead to any of the numerous and overly wordy ballot referendums? Because while those have some effect on the way I live my life, and while I enjoy that I get to have some amount of control over it, the candidates for the 20+ offices are going to make vastly more decisions than the few things on the ballot referendums.
0	Real feminists ARE vocal, and we do speak out. If someone chooses their own philosophy and we disagree, we dissociate ourselves from them. This is also true for men, who have that one guy chauvinist guy friend, yet have not punched him in the face or otherwise harshly chastised him for holding his views. You just make sure that people know his views are not also YOUR views.
1	In my case, I quitted Lol mid season2 at around ~1400 elo i think (silver 2 icon and silver portrait). From times to times I would play some occassional aram custom games, and when by the time they introduced the soloq aram, I started playing Lol again full time, but avoiding ranked (and summoners rift in general).   So a very good friend of mine, who was gold2 in early s3 but quitted the game started playing again. He was dropped to Silver2 or 3 by then,so he wanted to get Gold again for the rewards, but after failing Gold5 promos 4 or 5 times he asked me to help him.   The strategy we had was to get duo bot with Leona as support. The reason was to play aggresive, destroy enemy support and if not kill, at least prevent enemy ADC from farming. This would bring frustration to enemy team, with a weak ADC, flamming his support and/or jungler for not ganking (hehe). So after my placement matches I got placed in Gold4, and he got to his promo matches.
0	You could always skip to the bottom and check? I do.
0	I have to deal with 2-3 scenarios in my daily work commute where I will find myself at a light with 2 lanes of adjacent traffic. Within 1/4 mile of the light in question, each road merges into one lane of traffic, creating a near inevitable "who will be the leader" (aka race) scenario. The fact that I drive a Lowered Audi A4 makes every schmuck from the Civic Driving Boy Racer to the Automatic v6 Camry driving Soccer Dad think I want to pull a Brian Earl Spilner. Of course it seems that those same people then take their sweet ass time for the rest of their travel in the passing prohibited roads that follow.   For that reason, when I approach a red light where I will be at the front of the line of cars at a light, I have a tendency to stop with the other person having about a 1/2 car length lead ahead of me (IE my front bumper is parallel to their rear doors or so). I find this makes the other person assume I'm going to take my sweet time off the line so when the light turns green I can actually get a few car lengths ahead of them by the time they realize the light has turned and I was in fact not going to give them the lead and potentially make my commute any more irritating than it already will be. (IE the RACEKOR! driver becomes the "texter", "Sunday Driver", "Let me slam my brakes every 1/2 mile to ensure they still work'er" or the "I wish my Burrito didn't take 2 hands but I'm going to keep driving anyways with my knee" driver)   I've been driving a variant of the same general route since 2004 SOOOOOOO, I gotta keep it interesting and have learned all the nuances of the other people I deal with on a daily basis.
0	You're implying op has more than a snowballs's chance in hell of getting caught. Maybe his co-worker is hot but annoying.
1	When I started playing LoL I got the game in spanish and instead of ''G'' of gold it was ''O'' of oro.
1	Well you haven't been stuck with shitties then. A fed Sona (I was practicing support!) can't go 1v1 with a shenbot warping in all the time or an annie omgWTFing you with perfect accuracy.
0	I'm also from the south, Mississippi in fact, and I think we're all a buncha closeted racists, which is why we're so nice openly because we're just massively massively overcompensating for the terrible lie we know we're living.   Also you don't see Germans (or maybe you do...) walking around with the Nazi flag saying it had nothing to do with the holocaust, racism, or invading poland, and it's only about celebrating german heritage.
0	Ok, so interesting story.  I've had a bottle sitting in my fridge for about a year or maybe a bit more.   I'm in college now and every morning, since I don't really like the breakfast food, I cover my eggs and potatoes in sriracha. I usually use why I would estimate to be 6 tablespoons or so, in order that there is no space larger than a square inch uncovered in sauce. On a dare I ate a spoonful by itself. Not too bad.   I come home and get some sriracha from my fridge to add to eggs.  I spray a decent amount over my eggs, and notice its a bit darker than usual, but the same consistency.  I take a bite of  my eggs, and its like a firey death explosion in my mouth (ok its not that bad) but somehow it has fermented into a much much hotter sauce.
0	Euro-Socialism works because everybody takes part in it. Being against public healthcare because the majority of people can afford it anyway is dangerously ignorant egoism.
0	My family bought me a computer as a graduation present but I paid tuition and got loans myself. Also, many arts degrees require proficiency in applications found on Macs, so owning one practically IS a necessity.
1	You can either go onto their profile on the game client and go to ranked stats, and at the top you can choose which season.   OR   You can go to lolking.net and go to ranked stats and choose season there too.   That's the closest you get, Tbh I don't trust ELO ... I rather check their W/L ratio with that champion I'm facing or W/E to see how skilled they are.   Even though some people are 1500 ELO with warwick for example, They could suck as Irelia.   -------
0	This is not working out in my situation.   (I'm gunna go ahead and rant since this will mostly likely be buried.)   I was seeing this girl at work, we had kissed a couple times, but nothing serious. She decides she's really not looking for a relationship, and I tell her, "That's fine, I obviously wanted more, but if you don't feel the same way, I'm frustrated, but that's understandable. I don't hate your guts, let's still be friends."   And now she's spending quite a bit of her free time at work being a raunch to me. Making a point to talk about how sexy the IT guy is (oxymoron, I  know), talking about me behind my back, passive aggressive fb posts, and just general bitchiness. I've stayed nice through out this, and the only ignorant thing I've done is that I teased her about her recently dyed purple hair and asked if she was going to star in an anime. Did not go well to say the least.   The really shitty part about this is that all of her friends at work are my friends as well and it's created this really awkward, unintentional split in our group of friends. I'm getting all the shitty fallout of a break up with out the bonus of actually having been in a relationship in the first place. I guess the moral of the story here is don't try to stick your dick in your coworkers.
1	It works the same way as alistars W. It cannot interact with other movement spells. It is not displacement but a spell that repels the enemy a specific range back from poppy.
0	I called my female colleague a cunt about five times today...
1	Thanks for doing the AMA - I know this is a divisive topic so it is brave of you guys to put yourselves out here!   I am kind of struggling to explain my question, but here goes:   The way I understand it working now is that I could Q mage mid or something like that, and then I'd be put onto a team. What if I don't care what position or character I play, but just want to join a new and interesting team comp to contribute and explore?  Is it possible to Q into team builder with "i don't care, let's do something cool?"   Alternatively, I'd like to see something like the custom game browser where we could see basic information about what team comp the Captain has decided to employ and decide if we think that would be fun to join?  I envision something like the team builder map you guys have shown, with empty spots for positions that are unfilled and I could click on - this would avoid the problem of me going into the game and messing up their team comp by letting me select a specific role or character on a team without having to decide beforehand in order to join.   I think this could be kind of an -and system instead of an -or.  That way you could just Q support top, or Sona Mage, or whatever, or you could browse team comps and join one looks fun.  You could also give the Captain the ability to either publish the game to the browser or not, so a team could decide to really wait for that specific thing they wanted or allow the general population the chance to join.
1	dude, people don't have to say ss or ping.   It's only a nice addiction if they do.   YOU should be watching the map and if the enemy kassadin isn't at the mid lane he can be coming for you. Im really tired of people blaming on others because of "No ss". Even if he said ss you most likely woudn't give a fuck about it. Taking a look at the minimap isn't really harder than taking the look at the chat.
1	DO NOT BUY CAPTAIN BOOTS ON ELISE.   I tested this and Elises spiders MS is based on how far they are away form her. So giving them Extra MS means they will run away from Elise quicker and then leash back to her quicker. A leashing spider must walk all the way back to Elise not just back into her range. Thus spiderlings will spend more time running back to Elise with their Extra MS then chasing down a target.
1	Here's what I've done to around 1500. Haven't lost since we switched from common wisdom "Tanky game" to this setup. W/L is something like 19-7.   Solo AP with high sustain top: Annie,  TF, Morde, Rumble, Nidalee. Anyone dependent on blue buff sucks (Swain, anivia - don't even bother). Brand and Karthus might work, haven't tried. If you aren't first to pick, ban Morde. 3v3 becomes 4v2 and you lose every time.   Ranged AD/Support bot. Corki/Caitlyn/Vayne/Ashe. AOE > Single target. Taric/Sona/Janna (CC > heals)   Make sure you have at least 1 ignite, 1 exhaust and 1 cv.   Ward: Dragon, 100% up time at red buff. Cannot gank from bot lane without going through red, unless you are hugging enemy tower.   Jungler and 2 solo lanes < 1 top 2 bot. Pushing lanes is better than not pushing lanes because ganks are easy to spot if you warded red, and a dead tower gives a huge advantage.   Dragon is HUGE. 1k team gold + OP buff. Make sure you note the time when it dies, so you can be ready to get the next one. Lizard- 4:00 Respawn (First spawn at 2:10) Dragon- 5:00 Respawn (First spawn at 4:40)   GP5 Items less good - games too short. Elixirs more good - same reason.   Ward at red buff. Top lane farms, bot lane farms.
1	Yes, you get dropped tiers if you're at 0 lp and don't play any ranked for 28 days. Also Lp will continue to decay every week after the 4 weeks. How do i know this? It happened to a friend today.   If you go to the lolking score graph you can see the inactivity. She thought once she hit gold she was safe and could sit on it till the end of the season. Funny thing is though. If you play in gold V and keep losing with 0 LP you will not be demoted no matter what. So even if you're an unskilled / had your account boosted, it's actually advantageous for you to queue up every 27 days, as you will maintain your division regardless if you win or lose.
0	CDC reported first year failure rate of the combined pill is 9% - perfect use is ~0.5%, so yes, ~19 in 20 failures are due to incorrect use.   However, that equally means 1 in 20 failures is after perfect use.  With 10 million women taking the pill each year in the US, 50,000 might expect to become pregnant after  perfect  use, per year.   > You always hear "I got pregnant on the pill stories"...waaayyy too often to be statistically possible.
0	Not really.  I was focusing my discussion in the worker, not employer. There are aspects of  management that need to be addressed in this discussion,  but ultimately that's outside of your control.   What is in your control is your attitude and work ethic.  If there is no room for promotion,  working hard ensures that you work team (comprised of coworkers who all have the same shit job or rely on your shit job to do thiers) doesn't unnecessarily get overburdened.   No one here doing down voting wants to take personal responsibility.  Yes there are other factors,  but those are outside of your control.  All you have is your personal conduct and attitude to adjust.   Ultimately,  the system sucks. You can work it as an individual or a team. Everything is better as a team, but no one wants to recognize that. Just "fuck that pay me". That shit still "needs" to get done for the company to operate.  People refusing to step up causes two or three hard working individuals to take up the slack, and it's not fair to them all these individuals don't help.   In a perfect world,  "well hire more people" I'd the answer.  That's not likely to happen.  What does happen is layoffs because productivity drops. When layoffs come around,  the person doing the job of two people stays, "just my job description" gets the shit can. Work as a team. Ease the burden on 110 percent people.  Build a better work environment.  It all starts with you. Not many people will acknowledge that a gear in the machine is just as important as the whole.  One slows down or doesn't match the rest... it causes friction,  other parts of the machinery work harder to make it up, the machine suffers, the gears suffer,  the output suffers.   Whatever though.  I'll probably always be the guy getting taken advantage of. Rather than be shit, I'd rather have faith that someone will recognize it or my fellow humans will step up. Yes this doesn't happen often.  However if no one has this attitude,  then we just quickly flow into a pile of shit. Corporations rely on people like me and are making record profits because of it. I get no say in that. I do get a say in what I do.
0	don't worry dude. There is nothing nefarious or crazy about that. It's cliché but true: girls tend to feel that way faster than guys. At worst maybe she feels she likes you a bit more than she really does. Nothing to be concerned about, she sounds great actually.   And don't feel that you must absolutely return the words, because that would be dishonest and neither of you would gain from that (think short term vs -possibly!- longer term gain.
0	I was not this guy, but others in my class may have thought I was this guy.  I rarely did this, but in two particular classes I had to interrupt the professor to correct them because the material they were teaching was patently false and provably incorrect.  I actually made some friends out of doing this, specifically because I wasn't the only person in the classes that knew something already.  Unfortunately, the vast majority of people were clueless about the subject matter and probably found it offensive I spoke up.   I tried to be as polite as possible about doing it, however it absolutely infuriates me when someone who is in a position of trust with the role of teaching a subject doesn't know the subject they're supposed to be teaching.  In both classes I was required to take them and they were already below the level I was at, so I breezed through it and didn't think anything of it otherwise.  But many people NEED these classes to be able to understand the subject matter so they can build on it in their more advanced classes later.  There's no greater disservice to these people than teaching them falsities, and that I couldn't abide.   In both instances the professors were petty people who graded me down specifically because of this, despite me having met and exceeded all requirements and objectives for their class.  Both were classes related to computers.  In one, all students were required to create and give a presentation about some topic related to computing.  I asked and received permission to work with another student on the project so that our presentations were related but independent.   He presented on Thunderbird and open-source software principles, I presented on Firefox and web standards, and we jointly gave out CDs with a nice custom autorun installer I'd created for Firefox/Thunderbird for Windows that also doubled as a bootable Damn Small Linux disc.  My compatriot received an A on his presentation, I received an F.  The reason cited was "I didn't use enough features of Powerpoint because I didn't put in sounds for my transitions".  This was nowhere in the requirements and my presentation was staunchly professional in nature.   In the other instance, I had a 97% or higher on every assignment and lab work section in the class, got a 100% on my midterm, and 100% + 10 bonus points on my final.  Despite this I got a D for the class, no explanation given.  This, at least in my mind, is probably mostly due to an instance where I interceded between the professor and another student because he was being verbally abusive to the other student who was elderly and hard of hearing by making fun of his disability. I found that utterly inappropriate and made an issue of it.  Everyone, regardless of their circumstance, has a right to the equal opportunity for education.  The professor for that class was a total buffoon anyway, and I lead a study group that everyone in the class attended where I basically had to reteach the material using factual information.   I managed to get it turned over in academic board review due to the support of several of my other professors in the CIS department who had worked with me and respected my professionalism, candor, and intelligence.  The professor in the second instance got fired because our entire class went to the Dean's office about his behavior and provided evidence.  One of the other students had recorded a video of him berating a student inappropriately with his cell phone and also provided that to the Dean.   These sorts of experiences are what lead me to drop out of college.  I hated college.  The only professors (for the most part) that knew anything were doing research and never taught, instead they had their grad students teach their classes for them.  The professors that did teach either had outdated information or were completely unintelligible when they spoke.  And any classes where I could actually understand the professor typically were taught by someone who wasn't in that field as a specialty and they taught straight from the book.  If you're thinking about college, save yourself some money and go get a library card.
0	My dad did something like this. But he is extremely forgetful. So he would just add to a horde of toys periodically. For three years.   One day he just casually mentioned that he had a few old toys. He walked us over to a wooden closet in the basement. Opened the door. And out fell the absolute mother load of toys. I could not have been happier.
0	Tweets are always too long.  I basically just post "#
1	Uh... he's not saying your
0	The only way this would have been possible is if your girlfriend stepped into a crack in time in which time is slowed down immensely.  This same concept has been compared to such topics as Santa Claus and him being able to reach billions of individuals in a short amount of time.
0	It's a complicated historical accident, basically. Democracy was still a dirty word at the time of the founding, though that was starting to change ever so slightly, and there was no real historical precedent for representative democracy. The US model more or less helps invent that idea.   Many of the founders would have called their government 'republican' but that really wasn't particularly descriptive of a form of government, since historians today would describe a varied set of regimes as republics including Rome until Augustus, the classic English constitution, and the Italian city states of the late medieval and early modern period. We would today characterize these 'republics' as oligarchies of various kinds. And this is to say nothing of various other regimes, including absolute monarchies, which would have claimed to be republics.   What made the US model different from these other republics was primarily its source of legitimacy. In the US, legitimacy was linked to the will of the people or popular sovereignty. There was no sense that any particular class of society had a right to rule in the way claimed by the aristocracy in Europe. This is why the property restrictions on the franchise all but disappear within a generation and America embraces democracy as such during the Jacksonian era.
1	I'd say, champ select and bans are half the fun. If you get decent players(at higher rating) that want to work as a unit, you can discuss picks and bans, pick a team comp with synergy and make up tactics.   But the downside is in silver, is that most people are bad and dont care, they just wanna play, they dont see it as a 5v5 game.   But its just what it is.   >as a side note can stats from normals effect ranked matchups and since my leauge position is most lickly going to decay further what happens with my matchups?   no, normal got normal MMR, ranked got ranked MMR, both decay if not being played.   >
1	I think it will give phage it's slow back and revert frozen mallet's build path. Also don't even bother taking flash... Force of nature will return and warmogs will gain stats from csing just like old bloodthirster, which, by the way, will also get its old passive added onto the current shield one.
1	I just think viktor isnt in the meta right now. Right now midlaners with no mobility are just usless. You can just camp them with junglers like vi or lee sin and wreck them. Its more of a matter of nerfing the stronger champions so the cycle of champions continues.
1	There is no counterbuild, there is no adaptation, there is NO DEPTH in the items department.   Really? There are absolutely items that counter other items (BotRK vs Warmogs, Last Whisper vs Thornmail). The correct item build also varies greatly depending on the enemy team comp. ADC is the only role that really has "cookie cutter" builds, but that's because you're trying to maximize DPS with no regard for defense. Of course your build path is going to be stale if your only goal is to do as much damage as possible.   >
0	it's not that they think that, but they don't want the liability of telling someone "DO THIS IT TOTES WORKS!" and then having the 1 idiot kill themselves on their conscience.  I'm in the middle of an EC stack (no aspirin) and have definitely gotten lightheaded/blurred vision and i'm following the hotnfit.com dosage strictly.   The stack absolutely works, and when people see that they get greedy and up it to try to get faster results.  I'm not entirely convinced that the "1-5% BMR increase" does a whole lot, but the stack completely kills your appetite and dehydrates you, which is the dangerous part.  You pretty much have to force yourself to eat, which is why I got dizzy.
1	Except games still had to be remade at  TI2 . Morph had just got a mega kill and the game crashed, and they found that the server that made backups lost power.
0	When I read the link I was looking for some form of
0	The post title doesn't match the content and I unsubscribed from atheism because it's an annoying circle jerk so please don't make me put up with mislabed atheism posts.
1	as long as zed has his ult up, his burst is amazing, kha'zix on the other hand has a great burst almost all the time. if i were u i would pick kha'zix, even tho zed has easier laning phase imo they are both great, kha'zix just suits me better, people just dont expect that amount of dmg he can dish out every few seconds when played right..
1	I try my best to type like  this . I really needed the selfcast with Alt so what I ended up doing is setting F1 F2 F3 F4 to level up each ability. Attack move I dislike using shift aswell as it removes one of my "ability fingers" so I just press A with my little finger.
1	because singed does  sooo  much damage lategame.   Gangplank's damage lategame is either really mediocre, or he's really squishy. If you're not building banshee's, you're doing it wrong.   Jax is jax. once more, if you're building mr, it's fine.   As for lategame, Caitlyn is one of the best ad carries in the game right now, and trynd is  still  one of the strongest full-build champions in the game. He's not as much of a hyper carry as he was, but it's still obscene. You're playing what is right now commonly considered the  most  powerful champion in the game.   morde is a common ban everywhere from 600 elo to 1800. he's one of the best pubstompers in the game.
0	As a parent, I'm okay with this actually. Let me explain why:   While I don't think it's "right," for you to take  revenge  on your parents. Quite honestly, if it's something where they were  intentionally  saying or doing things that were out of line to make you friends laugh at you, or to make them uncomfortable, then fuck them. It's hard enough growing up with all the shit you have to deal with as far as peers and caring what they think. Kids are shitty enough without the help of  weird  parents.   For example: my wife's parents used to loudly have sex when her friends were over, say things about "her just being a bitch because she was on her period" or making jokes at her expense to impress her friends.   If this was your parents, I get it. I think for your own well-being, you should stop, but I understand.
1	Comcast is the worst, cable companies are just bad. I've known people who have worked for them and I can tell you that as much as you would think it is the guy on the phone ruining everyone's day it's the company. They don't train them for actual support purposes and instead most of it is wasted on backwards customer retention policies (Repeatedly prompting a customer not to cancel their services or just generally annoying them into submission.) believe me it is hell for the guy on the other end as well.
1	As someone that mains yi i can say that the 2 most annoying things to get through are stun and blind. Both if those make me completely useless. As a Master Yi i ALWAYS wait until most if not all the cc is used on the other people on my team before i go in and start the killing spree. It might be a bit different in higher elo but that strategy got me from bronze 5 to my current silver 2. I find that everyone in these elo are too uncoordinated.
1	I hate to say it, but this guy's kinda right - "NA" just isn't as chantable as "USA." 3 syllables, the first two can be chanted low and the third one is high and strong. It's why TSM also has its own chant. It's why you don't hear "C9" chants, and you hear "USA" instead. It's not a strong enough set of syllables to be as good of a chant. I do really wish there were something better to chant besides "USA" though. Gambit has a good 2 syllable name, hahaha... That can be chanted.
0	why do both camps keep assuming protection implies lethal weaponry? I can't find the original paper, but I remember the description of a UV electrolaser weapon, working roughly as follows:     the UV laser wavelength was chosen to correspond to single ionization of oxygen. Excited oxygen ions would decay back to neutral atoms with a very short lifetime (pico, nano or microseconds I guess)   The beam of air containing oxygen ions is electrically conductive   The human body has 3 different kinds of muscle cells according to some responsebased classification (this part is vague: striped/unstriped/heart muscles, correct me if wrong). The part of importance was that skeletal muscle cells (the one we generally control through volition) respond to different  voltage waveforms  than heart muscles. So a kind of muscle can be selected to  tetanize  (contract). Common sense would select the skeletal muscles so as to not induce a heart attack ([or apparently impossible alltogether]( This is not a more or less mild form of electrocution. It is simply similar to how your own nerves activate muscles. Instead of using electrical brute force, it talks the same patterns your body uses.   The power (voltage*current) of the electrical waveform was very minimal (unlike weapons based on electrocution). However more power is needed to generate the UV laser beam (I think the setup 15 years ago was bulky...) especially if the laser was inefficient in converting electrical power to laser light.     What I want to say is: if the drama is about unsafety and deaths, wheither from freaks, gangs or the government, wouldnt it be better to use nonlethal weapons in general, simply freeze (contract peoples muscles) freaks/gangs/police to get a timeout, such that we can come to our senses, and make more conscientious reversible decisions?   NOTE:
1	True, however if you have such a low amount of games, it's possible for you to have never played against something before, possible for you to not know how to last hit as well as others. Fact of the mater is if you put someone who has had a bunch more time to learn something against someone who has taken a shortcut, chances are the guy who has had a lot more time will come out ahead.
1	Let me put it like this.   I have games that I love and I have games that I play with an eye towards being competitive. Haha.   I play fighters and LoL with an eye towards getting good enough to maybe compete at a "maybe I could take a game off a pro if I got lucky" sort of skill level. I don't really aim for outright pro level since my passion for games is in commentating them.   With LoL and fighters I can play them literally all day without ever getting upset at a loss and I just keep searching for what I did wrong and why I lost and things like that. I don't love these games any less. In fact, since I am fairly good at them I enjoy them more than games I'd be worse at or I am good at but are less challenging. Haha.   That said, SC2 is a game which drives me absolutely batshit insane. I think a lot of it is because it's like drawing or playing guitar and I know what I need to do and I fuck it up and I'm in my head a lot more. So when I lose I stress a bit or feel shitty. As a result, I still keep up with SC2 for many hours a day so I can commentate and know what I am talking about. But when I want entertainment, I do something else. Or play customs in SC2.   I was so focused on SC2 for my casting "career" that, for a while, I didn't play anything else and I'd just sit there sort of forcing myself to try to dig the game. I still keep up as much as I need to for what I use it for, but there are other games that fill the competitive needs I have without the stress and frustration so I play those and SC2 is sort of where I go to work now. Haha. It's not a slight against SC2 in any way. I love that game to death. The depth is amazing and the skill required is wonderful. But it stresses me out to no end to actually play.   So yeah.
0	I once owed my old university $1,500 and set up a payment plan with them.  They never sent me a bill until I got a notice from the collection agency.  I owed them $2,200 and was pissed because I was making payments to the university.   They found my checks and cashed them then got the bill back from the collection agency.  That $2,200 turned into $2,650 minus the $450 I had paid.   At this point, I was pissed off and demanded my bill be lowered back to the $1,500 mark and they refused.  They told me I could stop making payments on it until it was all sorted out so I did just that.   Not even 2 months later, they sent it back to the collection agency and it was over $3,000 that I owed.  Pissed, I contacted them and the university to see what the hell was going on and they sent it back to the university after they learned they were in error......   This went on until the bill was over $5,000.  I had to contact an attorney and pay them $500 just to get this to stop before it would destroy my credit score.  He sued both the collection agency and the university for something like $150,000.   In the end, they agreed to drop the bill as a settlement and pay the attorney fee's that I hadn't paid.  The entire process was bull shit over almost 16 months.
0	Im gonna have to say that a herniated disk with four other slid an inch or so into your spinal cord is probably the worst pain anyone can possibly feel ever.  I was stupid and made the mistake of playing ice hockey and American Football (for those who dont know its the one thats like rugby but more hitting more often) in the same season. After checking a guy in a game his stick caught my skate and I fell very oddly on my back. I had already been having back trouble but I could tough it out. Well when I hit the ice it felt like someone had stabbed me in the spine in four different places. I layed there in shock for a few seconds before I got up and tried to skate to the bench. Thats when things got really bad and I began to black out from the pain. I fell yet again on my back (I hadnt learned my lesson yet) which is when I heard the pop. By know I couldnt see and I must have screamed or the reff must have heard the pop because all I remember was trying to crawl off the ice then the paramedics loading me onto a back board then waking up in the hospital. I must also add that Vicodin is a hell of a drug.
1	Apologies if something similar has already been posted, but I think something like this would actually serve to PROMOTE deviation in strategies, rather than reduce it.   Let players generate the "meta" and then have players use checkboxes to select which lane configurations they want to play. You could allow any player to create a queue for any teamcomp or lane set-up by using simple checkboxes and pulldown menus These menus would first allow players to select how many champions to put in each lane. The typical meta right now would be 1-1-2-1, but players could choose to create a strategy with 5-0-0-0 or whatever they want. From there, players can further limit how they want their team set up. Maybe some players feel like having an AD champ mid with an AP top and/or jungle is particularly strong, so they could go further into the menu and check and uncheck boxes for what types of champions they want in each role. Each champion in each lane would allow players to select what champions are acceptable. If players think that only ADC/support bot is viable. They only check adc and support for their 2 champion botlane. If a player feels like double bruiser bot is really good, they might check only 2 bruisers for their botlane.   Finally, once this is done, players select what roles they are willing to play. Players can be as specific or general as they want. A player can say "I am willing to play any role in any lane" or "I can only play support and adc" or "I am only willing to play an AD bruiser mid". This will be combined with the teamcomp you selected when forming a team.   One important thing to note: You don't necessarily have to play in a role that you have specified in your teamcomp set up. If I am a player that feels like AD mid is really strong, but I am not good at AD mid, I can still specify that type of set up while only checking adc and support as the roles I am personally willing to play.   All of these settings can be bookmarked similar to runes or masteries, so players don't have to spend time setting them up every single time.   Also, players can see/select teamcomps they are willing to play when joining a queue. Players will be able to view how many players are in a specific queue at a given time.   How will this work, realistically? You will see probably 95% of players in queues of 1-1-2-1. If I check only that box, I am saying "I am willing to play with a teamcomp of any of the 1-1-2-1 configurations" and could be paired with someone who specifically wants 1-1-2-1 with AD mid or with 2-bruiser or whatever is popular, or I could be paired with someone who has specified AP mid and/or support/ADC bot, or I could be paired with a team of people who have all not specified for mid/bot/top and only selected 1-1-2-1 lanes. Then, when I get into team select, the game will inform my whole team of my potential roles relative to everyone else.   Example: I go into Queue saying I want 1-1-2-1 with no other specifications, and I can play adc and support any lane, and AP or AD mid lane only. In my team I might get someone (player A) who specified AD mid but can only play AP or AD bruiser top, someone (Player B) who didn't specify beyond 1-1-2-1 and can play AD or AP mid only, (player C) who specified ADC/support bot and can only play adc or support, and (Player D) who specified AD mid and can play AD mid or jungle.   The game would then assign players roles and display them to the rest of the team. Player A would be shown as AP or AD bruiser top Player B would be shown as AD mid (because player A specified AD mid) Player C and myself would be shown as ADC or support bot. We would then have to work it out between each other who would play what.  Player D would be shown as jungle(any) because no one specified AD, AP, etc for jungle.   But what about the queue times?!?! They would be astronomical! Yes, they would be longer, but maybe not as long as you would think. You will have two opposing forces that will balance each other out - The disproportionately high number of people who absolutely have to play mid and nothing else, and a number or people who just want to play right away and are willing to be flexible if they don't have to wait. If these numbers balance each other (about 1 to 4) it won't cause any significant increase in wait time. If there are "too many" mid players (1 to 1), wait times for these players will be very, very high, and wait times for "ill play anything" players will be quite low. If this wait causes a negative experience for those waiting in the mid only queue, they can leave that queue and rejoin as a "ill play anything" player and find a game almost instantly. This will allow players that really really want a specific role, or really really want to play a tri-lane bot, to get what they want if they wait long enough. Some players will be happy to wait 15 minutes for a game if they get to try this strategy they have been dying to try.   But what if players don't follow their assigned role? Easy, allow a "kick-vote" in champ select where you can specify various violations such as "refusing to play assigned role" "refusing to play assigned lane" "verbal abuse" etc. These would go to tribunal, but these can be reviewed much more quickly than normal reports, so players could be given a separate allowance from their usual 20 to review these. How could you avoid having this kick-vote be abused? DON'T SHOW NAMES DURING CHAMP SELECT. This would prevent players from looking up stats and then decided to kick-vote a player who they might judge prematurely from their stats. Players who have a high number or false reports could also be penalized in LP.   In addition to this, or as a completely separate idea on its own, you could also give people the option to join or create a "team building chat room" where other players in their elo range could join and negotiate together what type of team and strategy they want, and then join the queue together. In ranked, players would be allowed to only have 1 friend in this group of 5, just like a duo.   What do you guys think?
0	I'm not sure I can handle this new concept. Semesters? In quarters? What are we if we are not on a trimester schedule? Savages. That's all we are. Since the dawn of time in New England we have had three distinct seasons: hot and humid, mild, and fucking freezing. These three seasons are the pillars of our semesters. If we add a fourth semester into the mix then we have spat in the face of our forefathers and the work they did to make our lifestyles amazing.
1	Things I took from this post:     If you're using your smurf for ranked, it's your fault you don't have the champs you want to use. Go play on your main if you want them.     Report someone as Unskilled Player if they use a new champ in ranked and fail. That's what it's there for.       They took out the F2P champs from ranked because it's supposed to be you playing at your best against others playing at their best. If you have someone who joins a ranked que and suddenly thinks "I bet Malzahar is fun" but has never touched him, it takes that completely away. With F2P gone, it guides the more "distracted" players from those decisions and forces them to take a champ they've at least played before.
0	You're making a huge assumption that the parents are good at cooking, budgeting, etc. And I don't see why we can't have both things taught in school. There used to be "home economics class", which was taught side by side with academic courses and taught things like cooking, sewing, and budgeting. Now we may have to update the lessons, but I think "home economics" should be taught in high school. You're no worse off going to college having both academic and practical knoweldge. EDIT: What I mean to say is that the students who will go on to college will be no worse off, but the students who don't will be much better off.
0	Can confirm.   "Do I make you Randy baby?" was funny a couple times. Now it's like a station wagon; old and uninspired.   Same goes for that "Eat Randy" song.
1	We've launched several test systems that have begun aggressively reducing negative player behaviors in League of Legends including a system with the ability to instantly escalate high severity behaviors such as excessive verbal abuse, racism, sexism, homophobia and worse to a 14-day or permanent ban.  ~ Riot Lyte (Offical GD)
1	The main reason I get wit's end on shyvana is because of the cheap mr.  In addition to the asp whihc helps her q. I haven't even thought about using black cleaver on her though, and it may be better depending on what else you build on her.
1	Not necessarily, I just want sites like lolnexus and lolking to be shut down. IIRC, one of the first sites to do so did end up getting shut down, but Riot allows 3rd party companies and partners to handle some user's information and statistics, (obviously not all of it) which I dislike. Yeah, things like lolnexus are very useful and I don't disagree with that, but it can be annoying if I just want to play normal games and not have people criticize me about my build or suddenly become camped in lane because of my rune choices. Unfortunately, I doubt Riot will ever do anything, and I recall some red posts in the past stating their stance on it.   edit: Statistics are nice, I just don't like the fact that I can, and my opponent can, see my runes/masteries/gamesplayed before we even get into the game. It's more useful for ranked, and if anything, shouldn't be available in normal games.
0	Capitalism isn't what's made the world progress -- capitalism was a historically inevitable progression from the previous feudalism systems of government, but society is going to progress. Yes most of the world has progressed, but hell Soviet Russia progressed an insane amount and it was run by a planned economy oligarchy. But Capitalism has commited innumerable atrocities around the world, most commonly in 3rd world countries where we exploit them with our hegemony so that capitalism can continue to succeed. Where is the success of Capitalism in Africa and Latin America? Look at a map of human development; capitalism is mostly world wide and yet we find gross inequality and poverty in countries which are authoritative or ex colonies whereas the countries who have been doing great since before capitalism & who had empires. Look at the Anglo-sphere, Latin America, and Scandinavia. Varying levels of capitalism -- in America we have hegemonic capitalism which uses 3rd world labour to thrive, in Scandinavia they have a quasi-socialist-democracy and they thrive, and at the capitalist part of Latin America which is shit out of luck whereas, funny enough, Cuba is going better than most of Central America and definitely almost all of Africa.
1	That's a lot of fancy words for something that essentially boils down to the fact that there is an institute of scholars somewhere that decide what's acceptable in the english language and what isn't. It's their job and grammar isn't subject to anyone else's opinion on it. The field of science is also everchanging, but that doesn't mean that if I claim something it'll be true, unless it's reviewed by a panel of professional peers and found to be true by them.
0	I do the same thing to my friend from high school, he's not the most outgoing guy, so i like to steal his jokes, say them louder, and then look him in the eyes and say 'shoulda said it louder, bro; was a good one.' I don't do this to be a scumbag though. I'm trying to teach him the lesson that you've learned, because when he's off in college, all those new people wont ever hear his quiet hilarity.
1	My advice depends on how your ADC likes to play. Personally, as ADC, I like to farm it out because I know I can out farm and zone the other ADC. So I prefer a passive support to sustain me and to protect me. If you think your ADC might need a little help farming, it certainly helps to have a support that creates good harass. It takes the pressure off and gets some free farm, maybe even force a recall. But in my opinion, the best thing you can do as support is make your presence known. As blitz or leona, just you sitting in the bush, with the ability to create hard cc whenever you want is very scary for me as an ADC. If my support or jungler is not close, I will almost never approach bot bushes if they have a support with a lot of cc (blitz, taric, leona, sona ult, now thresh hook). So just letting them know you are there and paying attention is my biggest piece of advice. The other thing I recommend is learning how to peel your opponent off. If they start to get on your ADC, run to your teammate, and run circles around him. This makes it harder to auto attack the right target for the other ADC. I have played with supports in ranked that go straight for hard cc to protect me, but if they miss, or the other ADC flash to me, its over. Staying close is more important and increases your likelihood of keeping your guy in lane.
1	My experience with curse voice is a lot more fun. What I think tho, is that the higher you get in elo the friendlier and more sportsmanlike people tend to get.   I've once had a full curse voice team and it felt like we were doing ranked team full premade. Soon there would be the alpha figure everyone listened to because we all felt he had the best shotcalling. The enemy didn't have a chance for any resistance because we were all on the same line. There wasn't any stubborness just people wanting to win, and winning hard.   Ofcourse I've also had bad experiences with a guy who's TV was so loud I couldn't focus and flamers. But hey, there is this really easy invention, a mute button! And if after that they start flaming ingame? Mute them there aswell! If the flamers notices no one gives a damn about him flaming, then he will stop because he's not getting the attention he's seeking for.
0	One lesson I have learned about myself:  I can't take notes.  I have incredibly low reading comprehension.  If you read it to me or if I see it in a video or powerpoint presentation I will remember it forever.   I tried to take notes for years and all it did was hinder my learning.  If I just sit there and pay attention I remember 99% of what the teacher says and does.  If I do take notes I am too busy doing that and I end up not remembering anything.
0	But wouldn't you say, dear cunning commenter, that believing in someone is rather the act of believing  that they are trustworthy ? I may come across as jaded, but I find it evident - believing that someone will be trustworthy is equally illusory as believing that unicorns exist.   On the other hand if your point was that "to believe in someone" is to believe that they  exist , then I would raise you this; that you don't really need to try very hard to establish that your best friend exists in our shared reality. It's a safe bet that any man with eyes will confirm his existence. A cold machine will do it dispassionately and without bias. Unicorns or any other being that you choose to believe in do not stand up to such intense (hah!) scrutiny.   At the end of the day, we each choose how much of our reality overlaps with everyone else's. Just don't expect dragons or the hand of god to appear in my reality or the reality of your next-door neighbour.   And I say this all with the utmost respect for you as a human being.
1	I love how being top two NA is "mediocre."  They're not elite, but they are a world class team.  I'm fully aware that Korea/China have passed NA and most of EU, but really TSM is exactly who we thought they were.  A really solid team that just isn't quite the best in the world.  Sure, Top 16 might be mediocre in football, but this is exports.  There are far more than 32 teams.
1	People dismiss them because Dignitas hasn't done well, but they have played pretty well I think. I don't know if they are the best or second best or anything like that but I think they proved even with their shitty results that they are at least pretty good compared to the other NA bottom lanes. They 2v2'd Piglet and Xpecial and 2v2'd Turtle and Lustboy despite losing the game pretty convincingly. People will cite lane unfavorable lane match-ups and shit but part of being a good botlane is picking decent match-ups that help a team comp too.
0	I understand that fine, but sometimes it just isn't possible.  Most folks with student loans and such have some kind of family to fall back on or to rely on.  Some of us have absolutely none of that help or privilege.   When I left school, I was taking 16 credit hours and working 68 - 72 hours per week for a Korean manufacturing company.  I maintained a perfect 4.0 until I took Organic chemistry and received my first B.   I went to my HR manager and requested to be able to leave 15 mins on Tuesday and Thursday in order to make it to my class on time.  I worked 12 hours per day Monday through Friday and then 8 or 12 hours on Saturday.  They refused to allow me the 15 mins on Tues and Thurs.   Of course that was one of just many setbacks, but it came to the point where I had to decide whether I wanted to eat and have a roof over my head or if I wanted to go to school.
0	I do realize, sir, that companies have an outbound calling program in place to offer products. I make sure to understand the product I have bought. If I need assistance, don't call me, I'LL CALL YOU. I DO ASK, the 1st time, to be taken off the list and understand the time it takes for changes to be made/implemented.  You don't take calls, all day, from assholes like me because I don't call others and act like an asshole out of the blue. You leave people on hold all day because you are bad at your job and lack the skills/authority to help, and can't  deal with people. That's why you do what you do for a living, because you have no other marketable skill that will allow you to do anything other than pay your bills and MAYBE.... JUST FUCKING MAYBE get some groceries. Next time some degenerate mother fucking parasite from a company calls me, I will ask, nicely, if it's the first time, and say "I understand it might take some time to work through your system but I would appreciate it if you could put that in so the calls from your company stop." because that's what I have been doing. I have found, however, that the calls don't stop, because i'm dealing with degenerate mother fucking parasites, like you, who are assholes, more often than not, and don't care about the request I submit. But, thank you for nothing.
0	Ninja edit: For the record, english is not my first language, so apologies for any badly phrased parts.   I'm not an activist, but at least to me, this reasoning is sound. The first thing is that rascism isn't just personal (individuals commiting racist acts). It happens on an institutional level, where such parts as the media, legal system and -relevantly- the police are all oppressing people of colour in one way or another.   ... And it has to be this way. Because if it's not (as in racism just happening on a personal level), someone does something racist (potentially fatal), and people will say"Oh, they are racist, but not all of us are, don't worry" and that is no good because:     1) it promotes the status quo, indirectly telling the oppressed that they should just go on, and people who are racists should just be left alone.     2) It only holds the individual responsible. If the entire system that judges people is racist, then this individual  MAY  receive punishment, but it will be very light, if any. It also means that the system gets to carry on doing whatever it does without hindering. You can say people change and so the system will get less racist over time, but this contradicts with 1), because status quo is promoted, and so there isn't any incentive for the system to change.       And so, if we want racism to go away, racism has to happen at an institutional level, because otherwise it won't be recognised, and not dealt with.
0	Welcome to the 2nd term.   But this is one of the reasons why the days of FDR and before should be brought back. When a president serves their 2nd term, the main thing they're concerned about is implementing as many policies that please their political party as possible. That way, if an opponent gets elected the next term, they won't be able to implement as many changes.
0	I remember picking it up from some TV show, but it was too brilliant not to use:   Lets say a guy and a gal are out at dinner and the guy gets fries; "no, I'll get too fat if I do" says the girl, the typical setup. The meals are served and she eyeballs those fries, she wants them. That's when the guy stops her right goddamn there and tells her not only did she consciously choose not to have fries, now she's going to steal his! So he tells her to take what she wants and that's all she gets for the rest of the meal. She has to face the pile she would have otherwise stolen piece by piece, fry by fry, and come to terms with it.
1	Pantheon main here. Pantheon in the early stages is extremely reliant on mana, you can take advantage of this buy buying early sustain such as, cloth 5 or crystalline flask, this will quickly run him out of mana. After this you want to build a armour item such as sun fire cape, after that you can build some damage or more tank depending on your champ and who's winning. When I play pantheon I find my hardest counters are Shen, Chogath, Malphite, Udyr. They absolutely crush me, the worst being Shen.
1	okay I'll probably be downvoted for this but imo idc, so as follows     yes doublelift talks trash and does deserve to be get trash talked back     as people pointed out double wasn't really attacking chaox he was more commenting on wildturtles supperior performance     chaox's response was much more the response of a more childish player (he was benched for maturity issues and overall attitude) and this further illustrates it     I do think double is one of the top AD's in the world and would showcase that more on a team that is not CLG because they are a pure one trick pony team and thats the protect the DL comp. (which personally I don't think they execute as a team as well as you think they would)     this game against Dig showcased that in a very apparent way as CLG has 0 threats outside DL Scarra said it himself that from top they feel no pressure from HSGG and I think Link while talented is still very uncomfortable in this play style (kinda like how Voyboy was)     It's the same thing just last week when double made the amazing plays everyone was all "DL so Good GG" and then when the whole of CLG plays like trash it and considering Digs comp DL only died 3 times and kept up in CS (cause at that point Csing is really the only thing he can do to try to stay in the game) I think show's DL is very talented but does have a habit to be out of pos. sometimes which resulted in his 3 deaths
0	I feel like my subconscious is always looking out for me in this regard. There have been countless people I have been introduced to, through very trustworthy friends, who later turn out to be a complete waste of a person.   Perfect example, a good friend (lets call him Joe) introduces me to a young girl about our age (early 20s, we'll call her Liz). I immediately know there is something I don't like about her. I could never tell what, exactly, but I knew that for some reason, her and I would not be friends. Joe and Liz have known each other for a few years, so they already have a decent friendship. Liz starts hanging around Joe's apartment more often, one reason being that Joe loves to have friends over, to play games, smoke, drink, whatever. So Liz is just one of the guys now, and just blends in. She's there all the time, even when Joe isn't, because she kind of lives there now.   Flash forward 3 months. My friend Joe finds himself in some trouble completely unrelated to Liz. Joe spends 2-3 nights in jail. Joe comes home from jail, opens his front door, and sees  nothing . His apartment is completely stripped. Big screen tv, gone. Bed, gone. Clothes, gone. Dishes, gone. Xbox and games, gone. Food, gone. Couches, gone. Lightbulbs, gone. This girl literally had a few friends come over and just loaded up trucks with his shit while he was in jail. Turns out she was a "recovering" meth addict when I had first met her. That status changed to "active" after a few weeks.   I hate that this happened to a friend of mine, but there was something screaming at me from my gut to not be friends with this woman. But don't worry, guys, we figured out pretty quickly who did it, and nobody hesitated to report her to the police. She served some jail time, I don't think she is still in there, this was last year.
1	From Bronze to Diamond I have never seen much focus on team composition. The only attention I see spent on it is usually, "We're too squishy" or "Shit, we have no damage". If everyone played like you (several champions for their role), the game would be veeeeerry different, in my opinion.   Yes, it happens less as you raise in elo, but it never goes away. I'm afraid my solution(s) were as follows, and only the third one may apply to you, as an ADC player:     I mained Teemo top. Teemo has strengths that fit into any composition (map control, secondary ranged attacker, blind the auto attacker) but without SOME KIND of CC is incredibly vulnerable to divers. I had the choice of learning other top roles or just getting used to adjusting how I play every single game depending on our composition. Since I was often winning my lane, and translating that lead, I decided to choose the latter, and stick with the little guy. The pros outweighed the cons. I'm not saying "play Teemo", I'm saying stick with what you're mastering and learn how to adapt to a variety of team compositions.     Switch to a champion that fits any composition that you TYPICALLY see in your elo. Rammus and Maokai fit almost any composition in P2-D5 for me, because tanks aren't nearly as popular as damage dealers and I can always be useful.     Talk to your team about their strengths and weaknesses. About a month ago I played on a team with all hyper mobile assassins. No durability, no CC. I reminded them at the beginning of the game that our strengths would be to separate the enemies by split pushing, and pick them off in the jungle, or any position we could lure them in that would be unfavorable. And perhaps most importantly, DON'T GROUP AND SEIGE. That would be our doom. It happened to work. The entire team played like a bunch of slippery fish, never grouping until we had picked them off, and wittling them down until they surrendered.
1	I think these are some great points and look really in the long run rather than the short. I think another reason to wait maybe a year to make the groups larger is because this allows more of the top players that are still 16 to get better and then we can add them to the scene. The one thing I have noticed with the changes for OGN from, 12-16 teams in the last year, is that there is still quite a large divide among the new teams each split and the more experienced. Both MKZ and BFM went 0-6 this split and had a combined 3 or 4 "close" match-ups.
1	Depends very much on the champion you run. Riven scales very well with AD because of her ratios+the passive, whereas Kayle will want a lot of AS, as her range ability gives a flat amount of damage and you want to attack as often as possible while it's up.   Just look at the champions' base damage, scaling, if they deal magic or physical damage etc really. Most of the time the best rune choice becomes obvious with some experience. And if it doesn't you can always look up some Pros' pages ingame or on Lolking.net.   If you only want to optimize for the jungle, 12 ArmorPen (on champions that run ArmorPen!) is usually enough, as it allows you to deal true damage to the vast majority of creeps. More ArmorPen might still be a good choice to deal more damage to champions, especially on Junglers that can build Brutalizer (e.g. Nocturne).   Example : On Shyvana, I personally run flat AD Reds+Quints and Attackspeed Blues. A lot of her early game damage is her W and it deals magic damage (so Armor Pen is useless). Her abilities scale with AD and can be used more often with enough Attackspeed. She gets Magic resist from her Ult's passive and I usually get Mercs and Wit's End early, so I don't necessarily need MR Runes.
1	Yes, buying those items may have been BM, just like a 6 pool or cannon rush in Starcraft is BM, or even buying Ohmwreckers instead of stacking items. But, that doesn't mean it's a bad thing, and, honestly, they played the right way given they all had stacking items. That way being, sit back, bait, grab kills, thus grab stacks, finally getting a huge power spike and finishing the game. Get kills, don't die, win; that's the nature of these items, it's a risky choice so you have to play to minimize risk, and that's what [A] did here.   Additionally, if [A] gets in trouble what sort of precedent does that set with these items.   (So as to not be a hypocrite with my distaste of sensationalist reddit titles I made in my last post, I'm providing warning before you read this, that this is over-exaggerated)   "This week is played on patch 4.12 with Shen and Lucian disable. Additionally, any player buying stacking items or ohmwrecker with cause their team to get a fine and/or forfeit the match."   "Patch 3.13- Stacking items and ohmwrecker disabled because they are too BM"   Over-exaggeration aside, it does set a bad precedent and attitude towards items that should be fine, especially stacking items, risk-reward is a choice that a player makes, it's the foundation of games and sports, think of them as the Hail Mary of League, sure, winning with a play like that feels terrible to the losers, but it happens, and there's nothing wrong with it. And if a team knew they could throw a low risk Hail Mary, they'd take it every single time, and there's nothing wrong with that, just the nature of the game.
1	I agree with his champ pool... but this is the entire problem with tsm: They do the SAME FUCKING SHIT until someone stomps their ass. THEN, when they get roflstomped, they try to copy what the other team does.
1	Instead of seeing the bad side of being to high and needed to being carried. Just look at your own play and what you maybe could be doing better maybe read up on some match ups and game strategies, and then see how much you can translate that into the game and your mechanichs. And everytime you die or fuck up think how you could do that better or maybe that you where in a wrong spot were you would be a free kill for the enemy.
0	Engineering Student here.   I agree almost 100%. A majority of my peers are terrible writers and seem not to care in the slightest. It's troubling to me that they don't understand the importance of being able to write well and that their lack of this skill could, and probably will, negatively impact their futures. With the role technology is developing in our social and work life it’s important to remember that while excelling in face-to-face discourse may be a valuable skill, it is becoming less and less the mode through which business is conducted in the modern day. The modern engineer is spending less and less time in the field and needs to have quality writing skills to be able to convey information and instructions to those actually doing the work in the field. These peers of mine are not going to be people I want to work with in my professional career!
1	Dyrus i really don't think you should care about what all these random people think and also you really shouldn't change the way you act or think if they don't like the way you answer questions or you act on stream i doubt you want them to be part of your fanbase.
0	You should be ashamed for the way you typed this meme. In all seriousness yeah fat people are ashamed. I'm fat but I'm more proud than ashamed because I'm doing something about it. I'm exercising and dieting and since I started, I found out I actually like lettuce. I've lost 15 pounds in a month and feel more proud than ashamed because I'm now able to wear what I haven't been able to in months. Thing is, aside from the weight I'm really healthy. I've never had problems with blood sugar and pressure, cholesterol, and diabetes (not to say I'm not at risk because I am and it's only from the fact that both my parents have it).
1	While I am not a fan of Cop and don't like his team fight play style, the numbers that he put up during the Spring speak for themselves. By FAR the most consistent (but no where near the best) ADC in NA DURING the spring.   I feel like Edward joining Curse presents a very interesting situation for the team. For one, all of the pressure will be taken off of Voyboy and Saint and put on Edward and Cop. Secondly, and most importantly, Cop now gets the chance to prove that it was inadequate supports that were slowing him down. And lastly, I PERSONALLY want to see that he develop a bigger champ pool and that he isn't just a walking Bullet Time...   Now while I did not even know League existed at the time, the situation that Cop is in I feel is very similar to what I have heard was the situation for DoubleLift when Chauster was his support.   Now, while I may be very biased, I feel like that last statement is key because of one particular variable that a lot of people have pointed out. There exists an ADC who is a free agent right now who complements Edward and Curse's play style perfectly. That player is obviously Aphromoo. Of course, aphro hasn't played ADC competitively since December (I think?), but WHEN he did, he was MUCH better than Cop and excluding the LAN inexperience, was considered among the best in the world mechanically.
0	This happened to me once. I actually was stopping at Target after clocking out at Circuit City, which is basically the same uniform. I even forgot to take off my nametag. So I kinda deserved it.   She asked me the difference between the iPod and Zune (circa 2007). Her 15 year old son noticed the Circuit City logo and said, "Momma, he don't even work here, leave him alone." I went ahead and helped her anyway, since MP3 players and computers was my section. As soon as I walked off, though, I left because I couldn't remember what the hell I went to Target for.
0	Bad idea. When i was younger, I was feeding some ducks at the park pieces of bread, when this big ass ugly one, with the pink bubble gum looking stuff all around it's beak came up and bit my finger. I tried to swat it with my other hand and it bit me again. The duck no longer cared for bread, it was now after blood. So I ran away and jumped on a park bench. It was like jaws, he just kept snapping at me until my sister came with a stick and scared it off.
0	This is funny because awhile ago I was in Seattle hanging out at the UW and I had just missed my bus home, at the school. So what I did was I went into an all out sprint to the otherside of the U-District to try to reach the final stop of the bus before it hit the freeway. So I'm running in the rain, feeling pretty badass that I've caught up to the bus, when this little old lady needs help across the street. The wind was picking up and the rain was thundering down on the two of us, and instead of sprinting up to catch the bus... I helped the little old lady across the street, guiding her with her walker.   I missed the bus, waited an hour for another bus that I could take. Got a hug from a little old lady.   It doesn't seem like much, but I happy that I did it.
0	When my sister and I met our aunt's fiance, we both got a weird vibe. We instantly didn't like him, even though he was a seemingly nice guy. We mentioned it to our mom in passing, but she just made it out that we were antisocial and didn't like new people (which to be fair, is also true). We were 15 and 13 respectively in age, and something about him just seemed... weird. We privately made a deal that whenever he was around, to be sure we stayed together and left/entered rooms together. He was just that creepy. And he always wanted to hug, I'm not a hugging person to begin with, so that just made it worse.   Fast forward about a year and a half, he gets arrested for soliciting a police officer posing as an under age girl. My aunt divorces him shortly afterwards. There's lots of other stuff I could really add here, but we'll leave it at that. Ever since then when I get a gut feeling like that, I pay way more attention to that person.
0	What you're trying to redefine as  not  foreskin is  still  foreskin. My table above still rebuts your previous statement concerning the matter as well.
0	I am a younger teacher, under 30, and I have absolutely no problem with it at all. I was raised to be responsible and accountable for my own actions. If I get fired for doing a bad job, I know I will have deserved it.   When things went crazy with Act 10 a few years ago, this was a big point of contention. Along with the loss of the right to unionize, which, I could care less about also.   I have always seen a teachers union being set up to save a teacher who did something inappropriate with a kid, but is still a good teacher. Second to that, it is 1k a year to be in that, and with so many teachers, it is a lot of money that ends up in the hands of those who don't know what to do with it.
0	Oh crap.   Take a seat JuanJeanJohn. We need to have a talk   You know, all men go through a phase when they discover their body. They suddenly have a weird feeling in their special place. It's a tingly feeling.   This tingly feeling becomes an urge, it becomes a need, you need to do a special thing for your special place. So instinctively, you're going to touch it with your hand, and play with it. If you touch it once, you won't be able to refrain so easily, so you continue to play with your special place and it feels good, and you play with it until  BOOF!  a special type of sauce comes out of your special place, and when it  cums  comes out, it will feel ecstatic, orgasmic. This sauce isn't new though, you might've seen it before when you woke up. It's actually very common everywhere. Remember that time you found a weird deflated wet balloon in my bedroom? That's my sauce, it's nothing to be ashamed of, it's made of love. It  cums  comes in many shapes and forms, it could be wet and sticky like honey (that's when it's fresh out) or it could be dry and sticky and in chunks like an insect glue board, just like the things that were stuck on your feet that time you had a shower in my bathroom.   Now, you know the basics: The good feel of getting the sauce out, the touching sensation, and the sauce itself, but there's something unclear. You know that your special place grows sometimes and stiffens, almost like a tool, eh? Every tool has a place to fit and a method to use. Every screwdriver needs a screw, every nail goes through a hole. Where does your Auger belong? There must be a hole... girls have the holes for your key.   I know it sounds weird now, but trust me, it'll all make sense when you're older and it'll all come naturally.   Now, girls have special places too. But they're not like yours, they're weak, soft, mushy and they're actually holes. Remember when you were playing with Sophie the other day and you accidentally lifted her skirt and noticed she doesn't have a special place and you thought it fell off? It didn't, that's how it looked like, when you put your fingers in it and then spread it, didn't it feel weirdly good? It could feel even better.   Girls can feel tingly and orgasmic too, but in their holes. They have 3 usable holes, and 1 secret one. The one that you saw on Sophie is very nice for both of you to share, it's a full green light. Then you have the mouth, which is also great, full and bright green light. But then you have the harder to get hole, it needs a lot of practice and a lot of love and trust to get in it, but damn it's the best part. The secret hole, we can't discuss it now.   Girls are much more creative than boys when it comes to alone time, they could stick lots of things and feel good. Remember that time we told you not to eat the cucumber on the nightstand? That went in mommy's special place, and made her feel very good, also the time we told you not to eat the cabbage on the nightstand? Same thing. What about that time I shaved my head and bought only olive oil? You bet your ass we went wild.   Now, the penetration comes in. You basically stick your special place in any women's hole, maybe even more than one at a time. Of course you could spice things up by letting her use her hands on your special place, you discover those techniques later. And even later you'll get more advanced and learn the thumb up your butt technique.   Now, this is kind of a private task. You can't just propose it to any woman on the go, it requires time and effort and shitty pickup lines as jokes and a few drinks, then you could go wild, in the car, on the table, I'll even play tag teams with you in my bedroom.   After orgasming with your hand the first time, then trying your first girl, then plenty of other wild girls, you'd still want more. You'll go to special parties and see a lot of special places all around the place, and join anyone. Which brings us to your  question .   After trying so many types of people nonstop and going lots of places, you'll experiment. A bunch of guys'll convince you that "hey, let's try doing it together, don't knock it till you try it", it's usually 2 or more people, all men, and you don't know which position to choose. Now an  EPB  (End Piece of Bread type of person, that's a new thing now) would choose to be in the middle, to receive a special place in his butt and to put his special place in another man's butt. This determines your personality, whether you're an  EPB  or not.   Feel free to ask any question, don't be afraid. :)   Edit :
1	People who get angry at their teammates for no identifiable, logical reason. I was playing recently as a top lane Zed against Vi and Kayle, eventually Vi left for bot and Darius left to follow them, of course, I lost my lane to Kayle because of her superior range and poke. I was going 3/0/3 at the time, not terrible, I reckoned, then our 0/8/1 Sejuani, who's been wandering into enemy territory all game and feeding, comments on how it's "2v1 top and lost your lane, patetic top" (written just like that too). Normally, I don't listen to flamers, but for some reason, this really annoyed me.
0	Boss here too. Can confirm. Also have two employees who have said the same thing to me too recently, as well as several others with whom I've chatted on phone with over the past couple of weeks. Don't worry OP, I'm not your boss as that has never been my dream job, but hearing it so much lately makes me wonder if I could somehow monetize my voice apart from my day job. Threadjack : ideas/suggestions?
1	I keep reading all kinds of bad stuffs at this reddit, so here's me giving you options  for you to decide what was going on with maluno that day. he had:     PMS     a bad day (everyone has em)     met his nemesis (everyone has em)     black pants and black underpants       All in all, I think Malunoo is fun to watch, especially when he's smurfing with Wickd. I dont watch them for the commentary, truthfully there are better people for that. But you can see how much fun he has at times when smurfing with Wickd. If you need a reason to watch Malunoo, I'd say its to see how mundo goes this and that way, because imo he's the westrice of mundo.
1	I recently got promoted to Platinum V and was enthusiastic at first. I still got up to 30 LP per Win and only -15 per Loss. Great times; but stuff went down the drain. I eventually lost 11 out of 14 matches, regardless of how I did (I obviously lost my lane a lot, too). Simply every lane lost, the last lane standing was then camped by the enemy jungler. Dire times. However, I ain't even mad; Shit happens. As a substitution, I found myself playing ARAM with friends a lot recently, and also some normals. Great fun! Releases pressure and I suppose im going to start ranked in a week or so. Hoping for some good karma then, maybe Im granted a 11 Win / 3 Loss streak!
0	I don't hate my parents, I just don't like them. They always tell me how much of a failure I am going to be since I can't live up to their impossibly high standards. They expect straight A's, while I am a B student. They make me feel useless and a burden to everyone and that is the root of my depression and suicidal thoughts and actions. I still have been unable to tell them about the time I tried to commit suicide because I am afraid of their reaction. I can't talk to them about anything. My dad and I frequently clash because I am atheist and he is constantly trying to convert me back to Christianity. My parents tell me to try to be friends with everyone when most of the people I know have mentally and physically bullied. They even think that i should be nice to the kid who said it was funny my dog died.
0	It's probably more about trying (and failing) to break the habit of overrating then, which can be very difficult for some people. Eating can become very addictive if people associate emotional stimuli with food, and continue to eat to get those "good" feelings.   Sure, there's no real chemical addiction to food (unless it has drugs in it), but the act of overheating, or unhealthy eating gives us certain physical highs, and it can become a very strong behavioural addiction, like gambling or the behavioural side of smoking addiction (which a lot of studies do observe as being much stronger than the chemical addiction to nicotine).
1	There  IS  Z-axis on league. Even a rioter said it once in this subreddit, I wish I could find that thread. A simple proof is that if you download some sort of program like LOLReplay, you can change the camera angle of the replays and notice that when champions jump they DO lift off the ground. The champions are also above the ground, not simply "painted" on it. The walls too. Abilities like Ziggs ult too. If there was no Z-axis at all, the game would be 2D (only 2 axis).   What really happens, is not the lack of the Z-axis. The reason why things like this happen is that almost all of the skills ignore the Z-axis. That means that when the game checks if a skillshot is hitting a champion it only does checks for X and Y. If someone is on the X/Y the game is checking for it deals damage, regardless of the champion being high above the ground or not. And that is essential for the game to work, to be honest. Imagine your Alistar Qs someone and because of that you could not hit the enemy champion with a low altitude spell like Ez's Q. That would be incredibly frustrating, although logical. Or even if flying champions could not be hit by ground-based spells. Again, logical yet frustrating/broken.   So please stop downvoting people who say that there is a Z-axis, because they are right. And stop this stupid circlejerk.
0	Yeah people are disgusted when they sign 5+ year contracts with a company and try to cancel after 3 months.   "I didn't agree to that!" yes, you fucking did. You signed multiple paper contracts and we have recorded phone calls of you being made sure you were aware of contract length.   Don't get your panties in a bunch just because you don't fucking pay attention to anything.
0	American law as follows: Arrest is one option of formally bringing a charge against a person. A uniform ticket is another. Most state's traffic tickets- if you look at the ticket it says "date of arrest" on it yet people are not taken to jail for running red lights ( can be though) there are plenty of criminal offenses which have the option to be "cite and release" too. An arrest is based on probable cause "51%".   The over simplified version is "are there enough facts to believe that the Defendant could have commited this crime, true or false?" If true, arrest.  If  false -release from custody.   An arrest is not a conviction. Conviction is found guilty beyond a reasonable doubt (think 95% sure the Defendant did it.) in any cases the officer is the key decision for the prosecution. And can drop the charge even before it get to court. Plea bargain, pre trial diversion programs and reduced sentences can all hinge on the officer's words. We have a job to do. And if you make that easier (even if it sucks for you short term) we are more likely to help you as much as we can.
0	This isn't always the case. I spent 8+ years active duty. On my first tour my ex wife slept around. She'd make trips home and sleep around with friends from our past and the incident stayed relatively under wraps.  My second tour, she shacked up with a buddy of mine from my unit that didn't make the roster due to a profile (recovering from shoulder surgery). Mind you, by buddy i mean this guy was at our place for dinners, holidays, had his own profile on our xbox kind of buddy. But, when I came back to an empty house, tried pushing it up my chain and had a Captain tell me to "let it go" and ask "why I wanted to ruin another mans career because of something my wife did." The most resolved it ever got was having him moved to a different company. They're now married and he's stationed in California. Apparently multiple people knew in the unit, but no one thought to tell me because of "how it would effect my demeanor in an austere environment."
0	Well I read majority of the comments. People have a stupid way of saying things. Basically the real thing this thread is trying to say:   If you go to the gym wearing skimpy outfits or outfits that show a lot of skin, it is unreasonable to expect someone to not look at or notice you. If you get made because someone checked you out in said skimpy outfit, you have no right to complain and be taken seriously. However, if you are wearing said skimpy outfit and someone is staring you down for 3 minutes straight or is following you around the gym, then by all means, report that person.
0	Guess what? Students that are selected for programs like GATE are already treated like they're going to cure cancer someday. I had 2 particularly awful teachers that treated me like I'm some kind of miscreant because they had no patience for the needs I had as a student that didn't understand the assignment.   Rather than try to get to the bottom of my problems as a student they put me on blast every time I didn't understand something. It's bad enough when your classmates treat you like you're mentally handicapped but to get that shit from an educator you're supposed to trust and go to.
1	Some people just want to get a few viewers or some sort of kickstarter.   I do stream occasionally without any ads or asking for donations. I just like to see people watching my games. Sadly there are only 3-4 viewers and then streaming is just not really worth it. Im not trying to go for 1k viewers, 30,40 or 50 are enough. Maybe even less.   For my part I just like to see people cheeting if I made a good play, its much more fun. I even try harder cause people are watching me. Additionally I get less frustrated/dont flame at all because of people watching me. Its a nice thing for self control too.
0	I think we should get rid of parties all together. It would allow for presidents and senators and so on, to be chosen by how good they would do at their job. Not just if they are on your party or not. Separation and labeling and fighting for control is NOT the way to bring everyone together to make bipartisan decisions. It makes there be aggressions between the 2 groups and influences their vote.
0	I would like to chime in also.  I am a high school math teacher as well.  Just as a small retort, I did not make "Cs or Ds" in college.  My BS was in pure Mathematics, Master's in education.   With that out of the way, I often tell my students that the journey is far more important than the destination.  Some problems, especially in the higher level Math classes, are nearly impossible to complete without knowing the right steps to get there.   Most of you on Reddit seem to be fairly intelligent and could probably pass an Algebra 1 class with ease and with your eyes closed.  However, without learning the fundamentals of equation manipulation, exponent manipulation, etc etc, life starts to get rough in Algebra 2 or so.  Precalculus and beyond becomes nearly impossible.  We aren't just trying to make your life more difficult, we just want you to succeed when you get there.
1	When somebody AFKs in a game for more then 10 minutes it's going to have a negative effect which is extremely hard to reverse and it ends up in ruining the however long the match is for the other 9 (or at least 4, I'm sure some of the enemy team don't care whether its fair). He broke the code, no matter for what reason, he is punished. He has clearly been punished before, has been given a final warning and he refused to learn how to manage his time and refused to properly respect the rules of the game.   Course not!!! And he has not been punished for getting a quick drink, and being in base for more then 10 seconds! It's more like he has been stealing and stealing, given warnings and until the final straw came and he pickpocketed someone on the street. That's a more fair and realistic analogy.   Seriously, if you have an issue with the case, report it to Riot and I am 99.9% certain that they will give you the same explanation and will include the main point of his history being hugely involved.   It would be wrong if that's how tribunal worked, if it was occasional. Clearly it hasn't, there are only a certain number of chances one can receive.   To conclude, yes there are cases where people just spam punish, I recognize that fact (the famous case of Edward, March 2013). However, you're arguing that the tribunal is broken because he has only one report on his case. That is a clear indication that he has had a history of punishments/tribunal cases etc.
0	While I think the Scientologists are complete and total nutters, I still respect their right to Free Speech. If we're gonna pick and choose who gets which rights and deny some people rights just because we disagree with them, then we are no better than many other countries who are oppressing their citizens.
1	Although i wrote it on the survey i'll do it here too.   I think this subreddit's interaction with rioters is fine as it is, truth is they almost never show up unless they really need to and that's amazing.   If rioters want to use reddit more frequently and post any kind of stuff from "lol, upvote" to a personal opinion on a certain situation (especially in this subreddit) i wish they do it with a personal account (unless they really need to have that riot flair for important posts), because that lil riot flair can make everybody to instantly upvote anything to the top no matter how relevant or useless it might be to the topic and that would defeat the purpose of the voting system (karma does not matter, visibility sure does).   It would be nice if this subreddit keeps being by the players for the players as much as it can, if we want to read reds insight or opinions on a certain topic, i'm sure they will address it in the league official forums and someone is going to post a link here.
1	You are missing the point. There is indeed no mandatory meta, but there are somewhat more effective ways to win a game. A second champ bot besides the adc or marksman is ok, whether it is a traditional support or tryndamere, as long as they try their best to win, as you said. Now the problem occurs when they start taking cs from the adc. That isnt part of the meta, it's just the most effective way to babysit the adc until lategame. Again, this babysitting is necessary in any game that actually has an adc. Two bruisers bot is ok, as there is no weak adc needing cs. As to kills, same applies. The "second champ bot" as to not call him support, may only take kills when they are unreachable to the item hungry adc. Again, effective way of playing, no mandatory meta. I can understand why people would get mad when somebody else doesnt play effectively. Imagine getting in a cab that does twice the distance and time to get you to your destination. He isnt "playing" effectively, and you lose something because of that(money or lp).
1	the main reason i dont really watch  eu lcs games are because of the casters to me they are straight boring.
1	Any real mvp online to give some
0	Believe it or not, there actually is a logic behind why America's drinking age is 21 instead of 16 or 18.   One of the most major differences between the US and Europe is how people travel in both places.  In the US, you need a car to get just about anywhere unless you live in a major city w/ a thriving public transportation system, like New York, Boston, or San Francisco. In Europe, however, many large cities and towns are closer to eachother, and public trains and buses thrive more.  People walk, bike, or use public transportation much more in Europe than in the US.   In the US, driving is so vital that we allow people to earn a permit at age 15, and a full liscence at 16.  Wheras, in Europe, most people can't drive until they're 18 (17 in Britian)   With so many cars on the road, there's a much bigger risk of drunk-driving in the US, and there are thousands of people die in alcohol related car crashes every year.   The belief is that if we let teens have alcohol, they'll have a liklier chance of drinking while driving, and getting themselves killed.  The logic that teens would drink and drive is that, well, they're teenagers.  They're not fully mentally developed.  They make stupid decisions.  And for some of them, those stupid decisions can be fatal.   Granted, there are still some teen drunk drivers and teen-alcohol related crashes every year, but I believe there would be more if the drinking age was lowered in the US.  I would agree that if we taught how to use alcohol and drugs responsibly instead of just teaching straight-up absinance, there would be less of a problem with drunk driving.  But I dont think the conservatives in the US would allow that to happen on a nationwide level.   While I can understand and respect people's opinions about drinking age, this is just my $.02.[Link for some more depth](
1	You know what sucks is that the majority of times I play with redditors I feel so pressured to play perfectly. I know that's my own problem, but I remember 2 particular games where in the first game, one of the redditors said in mumble "Guys, how does it feel to have a girl have a better k/d ratio than us" (I'm a girl) and at first I thought it was just a joke but he said something similar later on and I think he really meant it.   I'm usually not sensitive about the whole "haha gamer girls lololol" but I don't want to have to worry about that when I'm just trying to play with fellow redditors.   In the 2nd game, I was having a lot of trouble getting turretdove like crazy up top and although I kept asking if I could get some help, they just said "you better step your game up", or "I blame this loss on you".   Sorry, had to let that out.   Feels bad man.
0	I'm a bit too late, but reddit's voting system if very messed up. If you want to reach the front page, the first upvote matters the most; and it has to be quick. Within the first minute or so. You want a catchy title and for a meme, having the text readable in the thumbnail is also a big help.
0	No, you're not a racist, but your conclusion could be argued to be racist, only it's probably not your fault. We gather information and extract experience from what we percieve as normal/not normal, which is often defined by what is most/least. It's not so much that all white neighbourhoods are good, it's just that there is a higher frequency of troubled black neighbourhoods than troubled white neighbourhoods.
0	I never told you how to interpret anything, no need to be so riled up.   I'm just saying that there is value in examining what is said in a joke. The statement stands as long as it's not deleted. It's obvious to be taken with grains of salt and all, but it's of value to examine a joke. What is the point of the joke, where does it's humor come from and how does it relate to our culture. A joke can inform, rabble or denounce. All of those can be good jokes.
0	at first I was thinking "yeah,  we know what an IDE is", and then the
0	When I was in biology in ninth grade, I sat next to my best friend, who was the biggest fag, I mean seriously. He did more gay things than any person I have ever seen, so I called him a bacteriophaggot, which then turned to phaggot. And then phage. One the teacher over heard and "didn't understand" why I thought it was ok to call someone who wasn't homosexual a fag. I said,  "no sir, he is a phage!"
1	With the way they have changed sidegrading of jungle items, I think one smart way to fix things for junglers who want Ranger's early and Stalker's later is to make any Tier 1 jungle item with enchantment upgradeable to any Tier 2 item with a different enchantment WITHOUT converting the tier 1 first.
0	I had a roommate that was in the Army Reserves and was a complete jackass, often using his service to justify it. We were all at dinner one night, about ten of us (three of them including him are in the Army), and as we were about to leave, there was a reunion between a soldier that had returned from Afghanistan and his family. As we walked past we all stopped, shook his hand, and thanked him for his service. Not him though, he thought it was appropriate to say, and in a fairly loud voice, sappers (combat engineers, they often describe themselves as baby EOD, except that EOD are a bunch of pussies) clear the way and then he just walked on by. Even worse, he is constantly bragging about his Purple Heart. Whenever he is in the wrong on something he always tries to use the fact that he got blown up in Afghanistan as an excuse. He is an insufferable prick and I'm glad to be rid of him.
0	That sounds wonderful. I'm not saying that you don't HAVE to spend a lot, since you obviously found it appropriate to find something beautiful for her, and you found it at a good price.
1	yeah, a friend of mine also deleted the game only to download it again a few days later. Such a drama queen move.  As for the best ragequit, well....I was playing a game where my mid(Brand) was feeding like a baws and at one point he was just strolling around the map and bumps into a Kennen who was at 50% hp. My Brand misses all his skillshots and Kennen gets away with like 30 hp, at the same time, Brand was also fleeing because he had 80 or so hp. My jungler commented on this matter and merely said "noob Brand" and this guy goes in base and afk's because the jungler apparently flamed him and hurt his feelings. We almost won that game in 4 but alas, we lost yet another ranked game because of some troll(also, I check his profile in the following days and he didn't seem to get punished for it. He didn't really exit the game but it's still a ragequit.
1	I honestly believe that people play PBE for the effectively free champs and skins.  I made an account, and straight up destroyed people game after game.  I was <1200 elo then. I don't think it will ever be a fullproof testing system. Most of the people, in my experience, wouldn't know the difference between OP and fed.
1	mid laners with double standards are the worst...   I'm playing mostly Zed mid lately (cuz he's broken as fuck at my elo, where enemy team just doesn't understand that GA/QSS completely counter him, at least the way I play him - 3 BT, BC, LW xP), and whenever they're up i hop over the wall at take my wraiths (yes, I consider them mine)... however, when I'm backing or dead or ganking, I also ping my jungler, my lane, and write "farm, freeze, shove, do whatever u want" (the first time, consequential ones I just ping)...   now I can understand top laners getting angry when jungler comes and taxes their carefully frozen lane, or bot laners worrying about overextending with no backup if jungler shoves and backs... but as a mid laner, I couldn't care less where my lane is, my tower their tower in the middle, who cares, I'll just shove it some more anyway and either harrass under tower or go gank top or bot...
1	Tribunal is broken anyway. In fact I am happy that it is down atm even tho I rarely play the game. It doesn't solve the main problems of the game like AFKers and trolls. All you get from tribunal is ban or warning for typing in chat and this is just dumb becouse you can just mute people (faster option doesn't require so many resources as tribunal does). Any other multiplayer game got the flamers and it is fun to win against them or just mute/ignore them. The issues of this game are diffrent and tribunal doesn't help there.
1	actually i dont think they will raise NA's skill at all. Yes they will bring harder competition for a short time. But they aren't in their "better" enviroment anymore, where they got challenged by the Eastern Teams everyday. For example, i think LMQ would not perform pretty good against Korean/Chinese Teams, because they simply couldn't practice against enemies on the same skill level as they had in their eastern region.
1	I just wish Riot would talk to us because at the moment everything they're doing just seems to say (even though I'm sure they don't mean it) that they hate junglers. They keep saying they want to fix things or change things for the better but everything they've done has only perpetuated a hierarchy in the jungle where it's only about a specific set of 6-7 champions that can jungle effectively (Lee, Fiddle, Vi, J4, Rek'sai, Nid), and a set after where you're essentially gimping your chances of winning by choosing them (even if they are still playable). Even with their future plans that they have divulged, there are more nerfs and difficulties added to the jungle -- the Mandrake Ward will make our lives even harder.   Riot must know that jungle is already a thankless role: you get blamed when people lose lanes, people think they did all the work when they won, they force you to do bad 50/50s then blame you when you lose smite war, people expect us to be everywhere to babysit everyone, and now it seems Riot is destroying our role. I and all the junglers just want to be part of an open discussion with Riot to really know what is going on and what Riot is trying to do about it.
1	Do not get Tear/AA. Start with boots 3 pot, transition to however many doran rings you want (2 is enough). Very strong harass still.   Level Q first, don't use your AoE all that often (burns mana and isn't worth it save for getting kills early game).   Orianna is incredibly fun to play because she has great burst and can also save overaggressive allies. I LOVE playing with an initiator, because I can Shield the ball over to them, Ulti flip everyone close to him, Dissonance AoE for snare and damage, and then move the ball a little bit for that extra punch to get a kill.
0	I've been hit on by men before. It made me feel pretty. That's making light of the situation, of course, but I wish women felt as compelled to make my day as men do. I respect out gay men for their gutsy approach; there's something to be said for seeing what you want and going after it. I think I've only been actively pursued twice: both were women and both were crazy as fuck.
1	Yeah didn't want to make all this points going to much unseen in a
0	Not trying to be a dick here, I wanted to point out that what your talking about is how redditors are  supposed  to use the vote system ergo they wouldn't be GGGs.   I upvoted since I feel this is a good message to convey, however when a meme is misused like this it generally should be downvoted.
1	Unfortunately, as a person who did more than 1000 rankeds in soloQ this season, your best solution is still to Mute.   Trolls/Toxic players are like terrorists in a way, you can't negotiate and certainly not talk some sense into them, it's a lost cause. The first thing a bad player will do is the following : once they die or suffer a buff steal or whatever, they will look at the minimap for a culprit, anything they could shift the blame upon. When this begins, there is no point for you to try to explain stuff to him. It will simply give him reasons to keep blaming you over and over and over.   I can tell you how I work this out :   -If a person starts blaming his teamate in a negative way (you can say "damn we got wrecked this time let's be more careful", but you can"t say "fucking leona why you go in lane is lost gg ff @ 20 pls & report x9") => instant mute, if you read the chat, it's to hear misses and calls, not stupid stuff like that.   -If people start to comment your actions and every mistakes you do, unless it's a positive remark (try to wait more before doing this, blabla, instead of "wtf fucking retard why do you do this gg it's over we can't win") => instant mute, don't bother yourself, it will only get worse after every mistake you do.   -If people start using what I like to call the legendary soloQ "Demotivational talk", just mute them, trust me. In my opinion those people are the worst in soloQ, they just spread their negativity and weak will all over the place with stupid talk like : "It's over we can't win with this XX" (insert person to blame) "FF this game i can't play with this XX" "It's over just surrend pls"   I come from a dota => heroes of newerth => dota 2 background, and I hate beyond anything the surrender option, I always play with the idea of improving myself, and even if you are losing you HAVE to play until the bitter end. I often get mad when I see this option popup in my screen while I'm still trying to win and turn the odds of the game around.   This is getting long, but in short :
0	Story for those who may be interested.   Having drinks at a mutual friend's birthday all of us giving each other shit. A friend starts making whipped jokes and says I spend to much time with my gf, his girlfriend left him 3 months ago because he was just sitting home smoking weed all day, didn't take her out or do anything with her, she had had enough and ended their relationship. I say that that is why I still have a gf. Judging by his face it struck a nerve, I apologize he accepted it then for the rest of the nigh (about 6 hours) follows me around saying "say it again and I will punch you, make another joke." After the initial comment and my apology I didn't repeat or make another comment about his past relationship.   Fast forward to this morning, I wake up and he asks if I am still sooking about last night followed by "say it again and I will punch you" the whole morning until I left he kept asking me to make a comment followed by a threat to punch me if I do.
0	The science behind this additionally explains why careful parents can end up leaving their children I their cars. What occurs here is that you are mainly using different parts of your brain; your basal ganglia to less than consciously drive while using your hippocampus to provide actual thought. The basal ganglia deals with natural routes and routines, and one can train it to do new things like help with, say, routes during driving. Now this is where your brain becomes the biggest scumbag on the planet. When parents can go to take their kids to daycare in the morning,, sometimes the basal ganglia (which is very small by the way) takes over and sends them on their usual route to their workplace, or their local grocery, etc. Hell, this can even continue as they walk into the facility and do what they would normally do. The basal ganglia conveniently sends one along, as you think about the plot twist on your favorite show, or how your wife's back condition has been deteriorating, or how your infant daughter is... Oh shit. Your daughter. And thats's how it ends. That's when your brain switches off the autopilot and you are back to regular conscious thought. That's where your basal ganglia should just shut up and walk away for a while.
1	riot hides normal stats like they don't exist. don't tell me you want rewards based off of them. you want to have fun with all your friends in normals, you want to play casual for 100% fun, which is completely ok.  but now don't you think you get a lot of rewards for chillin around with some friends while some people actually try to get elo by tryharding where you cant derp around with friends. for me, rankeds are way more fun since there is no point in beating worse players than me.  LoL shows you how good you are by ranked-elo. you get rewards for it. you don't get rewards for the hidden stats in normals. ALSO: ranked stats only give rewards if you are a good player= high elo. who says you have good normals stats where you could get rewards from? you don't know since they're not displayed. that's what's ranked for.
1	I'm sorry, but you're making huge speculation out of something very vague that was even said in another language.   And who honestly thinks EDG has a chance of 1st against SGW? Group A is already set in first and second unless we see SGW be massively worse than they have been all year. There's no possibility of "strategic" match-fixing accomplishing anything, in my eyes.
1	Thanks very much guys! I do still cast, but I've not done a major event since Poland (for instance here:  -- sorry about the sweaty hair, it was CRAZY hot at the venue)   I've not done the regionals due to the format: two bo3s a day meant there wasn't much point in having more than 4 casters. I love casting very much, but I see myself as maybe a second rate caster in Europe at the moment, behind the likes of Joe Miller and Deman, so if the choice is between either me or one of those gentlemen casting, I will always prioritize the overall quality of the event and have one of the real pros casting.   However that doesn't always need to be the decision, and whenever it makes sense for me to join a casting lineup with these guys I definitely will.   I'm still pretty unhappy about two aspects of my casting: my elocution could be better (I realize I speak decent English, but my pronunciation and general diction has not improved much in the last year or so, and there's always room for improvement) and I'm seriously lacking in game knowledge compared to some other casters we have.   There's two solutions here: I'll simply keep working on my English, maybe get some help there as well, and as for the game knowledge, other than constantly working on my own knowledge I think I should simply be matched up with a strong colour caster. Personally I would LOVE to cast more with Jatt, but which caster in the world wouldn't. Dude is crazy smart.   So,
1	When they revealed Victory Elise I went on a crazy motivated winning spree from Bronze 4 - Silver 2 then just riding the train I hit promos and lost. No big deal just gotta win one more time and....so it began, I lost 12 series to silver 1. Of course I can see the gold borders and whatnots and I expected it, can't get to gold if I can't beat golds :). Then a plat border showed up....somethings fishy. I checked LoLnexus and its really fucking high golds like Gold 1. I just wanted Gold 5 at the very least. 30+ LP doesn't matter in series, if I had faced silvers can't say its a guaranteed win but it sure as hell would've been easier to just win.
0	It didn't work for my parents. They were married and in their late 20s and they were still forced to sit at the kids table at dad's parents' house.   Don't think it was just an age/status thing, as dad's younger siblings got to sit at the main table during the same holidays. Also when I was a kid my younger male cousin got a place at that table, while I still had to sit at the little one (I'm the eldest of the grandkids).
0	WOAH MAN DID YOU LIKE USE THE BATHROOM OR SOMETHING IN THE BATHROOM"   i dont get the joke. bathrooms are made for shitting and pissing. they are going to smell like shit and piss from time to time.   but it smells in here!   no shit i just crapped out the burrito i had for dinner last night, you are about to do the same, and it wont smell any better
0	because real friends don't need something from you all the time. There is no sexual tension between two straight men. It allows them to just be themselves and be comfortable with it. You can go weeks without seeing/talking to each other and still walk right in the front door, without knocking and head straight for the fridge for drinks/snacks, because you know he'd do the same at your house. You can hang out and do  absolutely nothing ALL day  and it was an awesome day. Even the woman a guy ends up marrying will rarely have the same qualities and allow a guy to be in the same level of comfort that he is with a good friend. Acquaintances come and go, marriages end, even families can have a permanent falling out, but true friends will always be.   ... um ... no homo...
1	The problem with this analysis is the assumption it makes that the time spent in all levels is the same. That is, the time you spend in level 3-4 is the same as the time spent in level 17-18, which is obviously incorrect. Especially for an ADC, who is almost always paired with another party member for any experience gains, total time spent in lower levels will be far more than time spent being level 17+ from a game-to-game standpoint.   Yes, it takes less exp to level at lower levels so theoretically you can argue that you spend more time at higher levels, but consider the average game length of 35 mins. How many of your games actually last long enough for most players to be level 17/18? The truth is a very small portion of solo queue games get to late game. I obviously cannot provide empirical data for that claim, but anyone would be hard-pressed to provide a counterargument. Intangibles such as teams' capabilities to snowball a lead (or incapability to comeback from a deficit) or toxicity often leads to short one-sided solo queue games.   This is the reason why high elo players in the D1 and Challenger range often support the early runepage setups, as well as reiterate the opinion that "runes are only for early game." The fact is early game is something you will ALWAYS go through, whereas late game occurs much less frequently. Total time spent in early game far exceeds time spent in late game. And we all know what an early game lead or deficit can lead to (toxicity).
0	I had a ex try this on me (I was 16 he was 18), so I did the responsible thing and called his parents. He called me later, furious that I told them. I explained to him that this was to be our final conversation, and if he contacted me again I would call his parents to let them know he was no longer allowed to talk to me and ask them to please enforce it on their end. I never heard from him again.
1	Your Argument is invalid: > >A = OP champ B = complex champ > >If A is true, then B is true. B is true. Therefore A is true.   really, this is how you win arguments? by using variables instead of the word? and you are obviously missing the entire point of my argument, i never ONCE claimed that ziggs was op, HES NOT EVEN OUT YET. i just said his champ design seems to be one that is dangerous at best, as champ designs that are skillshot heavy tend to be heavy risk reward champs that are hard to balance.   > Even the most experienced players don't auto-learn in a week   I did not say you assumed that ziggs would be a problem, i said why did you assume that i thought he would be a problem on release, you re-read what I wrote before u tell me to re-read what you wrote.   tf and ez prove my point, veigar is underestimated, i haven't played in a month so i know nothing about victor, and zilean is powerful because of team synergy not in of himself. irelia has been nerfed so many times its silly, im talking about complex champions that were balanced for release, I am not saying ZOMG ZIGGS OP, im saying, careful riot, this champion design TENDS TO BE A SLIPPERY SLOPE. its very easy to make hard to land moves too powerful in the hands of someone who can land them better than a designer thinks the skill can be landed. what does gp have to do with my argument? hes a low skillcap champion, hes awesome too but thats completely unrelated. I'm not saying i do or do not want ziggs, once again you are assuming things that i did not say. im not saying that i want skill to be the determining factor, im saying that design that emphasizes skill (skill shots, longer range, slower attacks) tend to be more rewarding for people who put a great amount of effort into mastering the champion.   An example of a champion i felt could be over powered but was decently balanced was xerath. even then tho, xerath is pretty good, but his risk is high enough to put him at a big disadvantage if he misses any of his skills.   Repsonse to your edit: how is rumble not complex, his flamespitter is directed in the direction he is facing, his harpoon is a double skillshot, his ult is an entirely unique skillshot (exluding victor), and he has a complex resourceless system that allows for increased damage with proper skill management though this comes at the risk of having moves on cooldown and missing opportunities, which introduces a lot of complexity and choice.   > And you're assuming variation is a derivation of complexity.   yes, a complex kit allows more variation in that a champion can do more things in any given situation because they have more options. so absolutely complexity leads to greater variability in champion useability.
1	Oh, do I have a story for you. I was placed in Silver V after completing the 10 seeding gamea. Being excited and all about being in Slver, I kept playing until I reached the promo series. I lost both games in a row because my team forced me to go support even though I kindly pleaded not to due to the fact that it was my worst role (it is now better than my adc). Both games I was made to support. In one of them, I kept getting caught, and the other one, my ADC was straight up stupid. After losing the promos, I was filled with rage and kept playing Ranked, hoping to go back to the promos. Unfortunately, I was blinded by anger and messed up more and went down to 0 points and stayed there for a week or two. I couldn't win games and ended up with a losing streak of 18 games :( My MMR got completely fucked and now is associated with one from Bronze V :/ hell, my friend in Bronze II has a higher MMR than I do even though I can easily outplay him.
0	As a Muslim when I first saw the Islamic Rage Boy Meme I was ashamed of what my brethen were up to in the name of religion. One google search led to another and I came across Shakeel Ahmad Bhat's story. After reading the article (see link) I wasn't sure if the shit he's upset about is as stupid as people think (not just Michaeld916).   Mail Online article:
1	I heard about the movie first and went to go see it in theaters. And I remember sitting there going wtf is this!?! "Thanks for all the fish?" I was so confused ! Then I heard there were books so I started reading and your completely right if it was more accurate the movie would have been really good. But the initial nudge was how off the wall the movie was that it got me interested .
0	I'll share my story as an example to illustrate what I see as the problem with your argument.   I majored in philosophy and graduated at the height of the recession. There really aren't jobs that require a philosophy degree -- they simply don't exist -- but that doesn't mean I wasn't trained to do anything, and it doesn't mean I didn't learn any marketable skills.   During the course of my degree, I wrote a lot of papers and I learned to think critically, pulling ideas apart and putting them back together in a more understandable way. This qualified me for a lot of jobs, and the one I ended up in was technical writing for a high-profile software company. My degree did not train me specifically for technical writing, but it certainly gave me the opportunity to develop the skills required to be a good technical writer.
0	Care to elaborate? Cultural influence has to do with how many the country's culture affects. In  direct  influence (i.e. people living in that country) China is way beyond USA's influence. USA's population is (according to [wiki]( is a mere 23% of China's population [source]( Sure, you could try to measure  indirect  influence and taking into account that the western world is greatly influenced by USA's massmedia format but then you'd also have to measure China's sphere of influence, which the dominant one around Asia. Oh and Asia is by the way the leading continent in population.   Economic influence is just as hard to measure, however USA's GDP is ranked nr.1 and China's nr.2 as of this moment, making USA the "winner" of this facet. However comparing the economy between superpowers such as these is naive at best seeing as they're entwined to the point that one cannot survive without the other (try finding something in the room you're in that says "made in china and you'll realize the point I'm trying to make).   Political influence on the other hand is an interesting topic. First and foremost the governments differ greatly. China is, as far as I know, a more totalitarian state which isn't afraid of using force to subvert their population. USA doesn't seem to be all too afraid of doing the same thing but they've got a lot more transparency than China and are therefore restricted in what they can and can't do (take Wikileaks or Watergate as an example). This part of political influence is once again more or less  direct  influence. The  indirect  influence is nigh impossible to measure or quantify so I'll stay away from that subject but it all seems to come down to that China doesn't have the same rational fear of it's population as USA and therefore isn't as restricted.
1	EDG 's brand is becoming more and more popular. They just got sponsorship from Chinese biggest film/entertainment company. And the number of followers of their social media doubled in the recent month.
1	One of the fundamental principles of any sport or competitive game is that all participants begin play on the same level.  To remain fair (and, therefore, a more true test of player skill), no participant should be given any advantages or disadvantages beyond what all other participants experience.  Good games/sports do their best to remove/reduce unfair advantages and level the playing field; intentionally and arbitrarily assigning advantages/disadvantages based on a "home-field" designation is preposterous.   To illustrate:   You are scheduled to play in a serious LoL tournament in the coming month.  Your team performs well and manages to secure a spot in the finals.  Unfortunately for you, the finals are scheduled to take place in Quebec where your opponents, being stalwart Canadians, will be given an advantage of 50 extra starting gold.   It is their home field, so this makes sense, right?  Besides, you've had the home-field advantage work in your favor during a few of your previous games.  This is totally fair.   The first game starts and you find that your two teams are pretty evenly matched, with each lane trading about the same damage back and forth.  Then, your bot lane runs out of potions while theirs still have one left.  Your jungler goes down to help even it out, maybe even force a flash or a recall, but is counterganked by their jungler who has much more health than you were expecting.  Bot loses hard.  Being about equal in skill, the enemy bot lane's early advantage starts snowballing and, even if that 50 extra gold doesn't bear any real fruit for top or mid, the entire game's outcome could be traced back to that early gank/countergank that started snowballing the Canadian Killers to victory.   Is that fair?  Surely 250 gold wasn't a big deal, right?   Your team wins the next, loses the one after that, wins another, and finally loses the whole thing in the last round.   After the set, when you're sitting in your seats watching the CKs collect that huge check and fondle  your  trophy, the sting of your defeat will be quite sharp.  You know your two teams were close in skill, but how did they pull on top?  That is when, in the back of your mind you'll remember.  From the beginning, your enemies had help, extra resources that you didn't, an advantage beyond your own.  Surely you would have won if you had been so fortunate, so blessed as they... right?   If the finals had been hosted back home, would you have won?   “Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.” ― John Greenleaf Whittier   Ultimately, home-field advantage could be arbitrarily assigned to a team regardless of physical location (this is a videogame) but my point stands.  Even if the teams traded advantage every game, one team would still end up having the advantage one more time than the other when the set is decided.
0	There is one big thing that most guys do not understand and I am so glad that I just realized. Nothing about a guys body is inherently attractive. As a guy, I love boobs and I love butts. Hell, I even think Vaginas are really pretty, so the vast majority of woman in half decent shape will have a quality that turns men on.   For guys bodies, everything is different because nothing is inherently attractive about a guys body. Girls like nice arms, a nice chest, a well formed back, and abs as well as other parts of men's bodies. The difference between these what girls and guys find attractive is men have to work for these things, so we have to actively go to the gym. To make matters worse, it is hard to actually do these things correctly, and almost everything men do at the gym can be sacrifices something. If we want to get bigger, we have to eat a lot, which makes people more muscular but also fatter. If we want to get toned, we have to lose weight while training to maintain the muscle that we have, and this is also difficult. In essence, men have to work to shape their bodies while woman can maintain.   Some people see this as a curse, but it is a gift. Unlike woman, We can actively work to make ourselves more attractive. We can actually completely transform our bodies, and become the strapping men that woman want.
1	I never leave a game   Followed by   >  However, if 1 or more person trolls me on porpuse, just let me die, flames me, doesnt help, just QQ's etc, i go straightup AFK   Going AFK is no better than straight up leaving a game. Just mute the other person and carry on playing. Why ruin the game for 8 other people because one guy happens to be a little prick. To answer your question you are  more  toxic than the guy who is raging flaming or whatever.   He makes the game unfun to play, you make the game more difficult, almost impossible to win for your teammates. You should and will be punished if you continue doing this and should stop doing it immediately.
1	I honestly never thought that Karma was a weak champ and was happy and welcoming to seeing something outside the stale botlanes of ez and taric, corki and leona or whatever. But I am guilty of buying Karma for the skin (but also playing her for multiple games and loving every second) and hoping for a good rework.
1	Ya ruined it! 580 comments left to go with a huge streak of nothing but "OK" and I find this.   This is a sad day, OK?
0	SI]( conversions:     7 pounds = 3.2 kg     > I'm going to counter this using an immediate family member as an example.  >  > He has had undiagnosed hypothyroidism for many years, probably between 5-7. Before that, he was a star athlete (he could run a sub 5-minute mile by the time he was 13) and an honor roll student, however things started changing at the end of high school/beginning of college. During those years I watched him balloon in weight, have uncontrollable (seriously... uncontrollable) cravings for horrible food, lose his hair, have awful skin rashes, depression, and so little energy that he found it difficult to be awake for more than 12 hours on any given day, let alone work out.  I too blamed his appearance and depression on personal failings that he had the capacity to control. >  > However, a few months ago he was diagnosed with hypothyroidism. After trying a few medications that had little effect he found a medication that worked for him-- Amour Thyroid. He started taking this ONLY 10 days ago, and he has already lost 7 pounds^(3.2 ^kg)  (after struggling unsuccessfully to lose weight for upwards of 5 years), is waking up at 7am every day to go running, is the most positive he's been in years and (which is most relevant to your topic) has no more cravings for those awful foods that you associate with hopelessness and lack of self respect.  >  >
0	In middle school, they abandoned Wood Shop for something more modern, it was IT. So they didn't have to find a new teacher, they had the Wood Shop teacher teach IT. I have no clue how he was qualified but they probably didn't want to fire him because he had worked their for over 30 years. Well anyway, the whole class was on computers, obviously. Every time you needed help he would point on the screen and dig his finger into the screen until the point where the brand new LCD screen warped around his finger. I would just cringe every time.
1	Your first statement should be taken with a grain of salt.   Just other day I convinced our top and bot to lane swap because enemy team had Darius vs our Moakai. I explained to them that Jinx and Braum could shutdown and zone Darius from gold/exp hendering his mid game. To my surprise they all agreed and from that moment followed all my calls, it was a thing of beauty go see us "low elo" players work together for better of team.   Mind you our jungler was AFK for first 15minutes of match too. When he finally joined the match though I had died twice to being camped our bot an top were stronger then theirs giving jungler time to get back into the game.
1	It's probably not throwing up. Considering he eats people, animals whole including clothes and armor, it would be insane to expect him to process metals and hair through his body, so he really wouldnt need any gastronomical organs outside of a highly acidic stomach and an absorbant lining for the nutrition, He probably has no biological organs for waste disposal, so he's just throwing up his unneeded/unproccessable food.
0	I stand by my post.  The government at that time systematically unmanned Native men and stole language from the children.  Conspiracy may be a little tin-foil hatty, but there was definite intent behind the government's actions to subdue the Native population by any means necessary.   Many of the cultural problems on the rez today are a direct result of many of those  policies of malicious intent.   I do not subscribe to the whole white guilt theory either. I'm not asking anyone to give back land or apologize.  But to forget our history is tantamount to ignoring the struggles of our ancestors and to ignore their sacrifice is to dishonor them.  So, no, I won't get over it.   My anger is very much justified and it is not directed only at you.  It is also directed at my own brothers and sisters for not taking advantage of opportunities available to them.  I am the only one who broke the cycle of poverty and went on to get an education.  I am also the only one who does not live below the poverty line.  So yeah, I'm pissed that the past government put such a hurtin' on an entire nation of people that hundreds of years later it still echoes in the children.   The rampant substance abuse was not created by a boogy man but by a culture of anger and helplessness that was intentionally fashioned by the old US government.  That cycle is incredibly hard to break when you're indoctrinated into it from birth.   The ability to properly process alcohol is the genetic predisposition.  The need to escape from reality and drown feelings of helplessness and frustration are part of the created culture.  I do agree that this cycle needs to be broken.  Like I said in my previous post, many of my friend's children are graduating high school and planning on going on to college.  I do my best to push my nieces and nephews to complete their schooling.  I am not above bribery for this.  I love them and want a better life for them.  I hope they never have to stand in line for government cheese.  That just sucks.   I will apologize for coming across as rude.  But my anger is far from uniformed and is much justified.  I never said it was a continued conspiracy, I said it was a cultural problem created by the past government.   And, JFTR, I am not Native by blood.  I was adopted into the culture and raised on the Rez, but blood or no blood, they are my family and you come across as marginalizing the people I love.
0	At the risk of sounding like I'm trying to one-up you, I can beat that: My dad had been working for a company for about 10 years, slowly climbing ranks from assembler to troubleshooting engineer. At 10 years in, he accepted stock options in lieu of a raise. Just one time, but he couldn't cash them in for 10 years. He had been there 10 years at that point, he loved the company, so he saw no problem with this.   Fast forward to year 19. He had by this point finished his bachelors of engineering by going to college at night. He resolved major manufacturing issues in factories in 5 countries for this company. He applied for a design engineer position when it became available, and was told "Sorry, but we're looking for someone younger." My dad is a pretty chill guy, so he let it go and didn't sue for age based discrimination. After all, he loved this company. Someone else was hired, a guy with way less experience. He was now my dad's boss. He was also screwing up. My dad wasn't covering for him, but he was fixing the new boss's mistakes. At least once a month, he was preventing a major error from going to manufacturing.   New boss finds out about a bonus based on savings given to the company. He also finds out about a loophole in the rules governing stock options. He arranges to have my dad laid off before the options mature. He receives a bonus of  30% of the amount he saved the company by not having to let my dad purchase what was now roughly $100k for about $1500.
1	Brutal as it all looks, they're probably just testing if Kha'Zix would still be playable when thrown into a state like this.   When you can test everything why not test the limits and go from there?
0	but pretty much all the chains are run by assholes   As a Detroit Tigers fan, this is a subject I know a thing or two about, and there's at least one good pizza chain owner out there: Mike Ilitch.   Background: Ilitch owns both the Tigers and Little Caesar's Pizza, as well as the Detroit Red Wings. There used to be some criticism around his ownership of the Tigers, but recently, he's been one of the best owners in baseball.   What's more, he's one of very, very few people who has consistently stood by and invested in the City of Detroit while hosts of others have abandoned ship. Both his sports teams have never left the city limits.   As for his political activisim, he's given [about equally to both political parties]( though most of his Republican donations have been to moderates like George Bush The First and Rudy Giuliani, and mostly to candidates back in the '80s and '90s. His more recent contributions have almost all been left-leaning. Both his sister and one of his sons have hosted fundraisers for Obama.   Oh, and former Domino's owner Tom Monaghan is  a religious fanatic . Bain still owns a controlling interest in the company, from what I understand.
0	One time I forgot I was sleeping over at a friends house. When I woke up to check the time on my phone I was like oh ok whatever just another day...then I turn around to go back to sleep and I see two of my friends. At this point i'm like, "WTF how did you get inside my house, and why are you on my bed?" So I tripped the fuck out and soon realized this wasn't my house to begin with.
1	HOLY CRAP WALL OF TEXT! thx for the
0	If he paid his own tuition then that money rightfully belongs to him. For the sake of brevity it's easier to say "steals my $3000 savings" than "steals the $3,000 tax credit to which I was legally entitled", as the latter necessitates explaining that he did indeed pay for his own tuition.
1	here's my advice dont obsess about perfect CS unless your playing 2k rating most people wont let you just CS you wont reach the mark that your "supposed" to just try to be top of CS early on after 15-20 minutes most often someones either fed and can cs freely or aoe farm so dont always judge on other people just make the honest effort to CS and keep up the good work :)
0	Don't try to use strawman arguments on me. I never said that whites should make up the majority of the population in colleges because they are the majority. Does it make it more likely? Yes. Does it mean that whites should have more people in college? Not necessarily, as there may be, a race that has a higher percentage of the population prepared for college, such as Asians.   Also, the argument used for choosing an Asian over a black boils down to diversity. A university is less likely to have as many qualified black students as Asian students. Choosing someone over another based on their race is, by definition, racist. Ergo, the process which supports using race as a means of change is racist.
1	I think it's interesting how up to Season 2, and even for a lot of Season 3, ADCs were ticking timebombs of "you can't deal with this" three shotting tanks, and when they are finally brought more in line with other roles everyone loses their minds.   There was a great post on the forums a while ago that highlighted this attitude. ADCs getting bursted too hard? Better nerf burst mages and assassins. ADCs not doing enough damage? Better nerf tanks and tanky items. ADCs were the center focus of balance for the LONGEST time, mostly because they were the center focus of every team comp and strategy for the longest time.   Now other roles can carry just as well, but it feels like ADCs are so much weaker. While they are weaker comparatively to Season 2 and 3, they are more in line with other roles, and we should really only be more concerned if they have less impact than any other role.   Riot has decided that every role should have the opportunity to carry in some form, ADCs were the strongest role for the majority of the game's history; significantly stronger than top lane, slightly stronger than mid, and incredibly stronger than support or jungle. Now junglers and supports are much better, ADCs are slightly worse(lets not pretend they don't hurt with a crit item or two), mid lane was a bit better for most of Season 3 and 4, but is more in line after the last slew of assassin nerfs. Top lane is kind of a wild card, with picks like Jax or Nasus that can hypercarry, but other picks that can have questionable effects on the overall pace and direction of the game, to the point of borderline uselessness.
1	lets look at the 06-07 cavaliers. granted they didnt win, but they made it to the finals, so that is good enough for this example. lebron fucking carried that team. he single handedly won them the conference title vs the pistons scoring 29 out of the entire team's 30 points in the 4th quarter in game 5, and basically was the only person who looked like he wanted to win that entire series. he made it to the finals, so he had to have help right? fuck no, he literally averaged DOUBLE the output of any other player on his team, the sad part? he even doubled in ASSISTS. they made it to the finals right? they had to be good right? no, he had 0 help. he had anderson varejao who shouldnt even be in basketball right now, and Zydrunas Ilgauskas who was like 90 years old at the time (31). so yes, top teams that have title contention suprisingly DO have weaknesses. this was a more extreme example of the manhood that is lebron james, but every team has weaknesses and even top teams have huge ones.   sources for that segment:   as for the best player being a puner, if you honostly think that the support position is like the punter, then im going to assume that you are either sub 30 or very bad at this game. i would say it is more like saying your Oline is your best asset, for example denver. 04-07 they managed to make names like droughns, bell, and young actually sound like they were good, even though they literally did nothing after they left. how is that even possible? because the o line was actually pretty decent, and it could have been you, or it could have been me that ran for them and we both would have been top fantasy running backs.   source:
0	Hahaha.   I just like things where I think they should go...   so umbrellas go in the coat closet by the front door (or whatever door gets used most.) Not in the bathtub, kitchen sink, or on the couch. If there's no coat closet, then there has to be some sort of basket or something and coat hooks. Coats also go in that closet. They don't go on the floor, or couch, though that doesn't make me freak out. I just put them away. Bitching at me for putting them away might get you a really snarky response, though.   Glasses and plates should either go above the dishwasher or next to the sink if there's no dishwasher, OR next to the table. I can deal with the latter, if there's a proper cabinet or hutch. And glass measuring cups aren't glasses. They don't go in the cabinet with the dishware. :P Likewise, measuring spoons don't go in with the soup spoons. Steak knives don't go in with the butter knives. Again, I'm more likely to just move them than make some scene about it - but if you put something away where it doesn't go, and I can't find it, don't make fun of me for it being right in front of me. I really won't see it if it's somewhere that doesn't make sense to me.   The underside of the bathroom sink shouldn't look like a hurricane hit. It also shouldn't be used to store things like dirty dishes. Ever. If the doors can't shut, you're doing it wrong. The same can be said for under your bed, though I won't bitch about you putting stuff under there as long as it's not something of mine or something bringing bugs in.   If you have long hair, don't clean your brush then drop the clump of hair on the floor. It's not that hard to throw things away. I WILL freak out about that one, Just like I'll be really unhappy if you put your cigarettes out via throwing them on the porch in front of the door. I smoked. I used an ashtray. That's where butts are supposed to go.   Don't ever.. ever ever ever.. move anything in my room. The clutter on my desk may look like a mess to you, but I know where everything is on it, and it's "organized" based on project I'm working on. You have no reason to go in my room anyway, as anything I'm willing to share is in the common area. Just.. don't even open the door to my room if I'm not home, unless it's on fire. And, if your cat pisses on my bed, I know you opened the door. Don't shut it and try to pretend you don't know what happened. You just did something gross AND invaded my territory - because your pets invading my room count as you invading my room. The moment I have to get a key lock to keep you out, we're not going to be good room mates. (If you are a room mate who also happens to be a long standing friend, or you have gotten permission from me, that's different.)   You're welcome to use my pots and pans if you don't have any. Don't burn stuff in them. Don't burn them. If you ruin my stuff, well, you know, accidents happen. Replace it. And don't replace a $50 skillet with a $5 Walmart one. That doesn't equal out. If it happens more than once, you won't be welcome to use my pots and pans, because I will be keeping them in the closet in my room. (See the note about having to lock my door.) Similarly, if I have 24 glasses when we move in together, and 3 months later only have 3, and I didn't break/lose any, I do expect you to replace them - with something at least similar. Plates, bowls, everything.   If you borrow my car and return it with no gas, you will never borrow my car again. If you tear a door handle off then tell me it's because my car is a piece of shit, you might just get run over by said car.   All these things have happened. This is why I don't like room mates of any gender at this point. I've had a few very awesome ones, but in general, no.   I know I'm not easy to live with, either. I don't generally get subtle hints. If you want to have a girl over and have me gone, you have to TELL me you want me gone. If you just say "Hey, my girl's coming to spend the night." I'm likely to respond with "Okay, I'll make sure there's enough dinner for one more person." or "Awesome. I should invite people, too!" I'm a total moron about things like that sometimes. I DO actually yell about hair clumps being thrown on the floor. I've even thrown a hairbrush or two over it. I did once pick up all of one guy's cigarette butts he chain smoked and put out on the porch and put them in his bed under the covers. I did, also, threaten to take a girl's face off with a brick wall if she even looked at me again in the next 20 days she had before we kicked her out. I'm still known for chucking tupperware across the kitchen at high velocity when my son and husband just stuff it in the lazy susan and it all gets jammed in there. While yelling. I put it all away afterward, but the tantrum isn't exactly appropriate. :P Happens about once a year about something like that.   Oh.. and one last thing: showers need to happen more than once every 2 months. I just don't care what your excuse is. Shower.
1	You have seen nothing.   Lolking.net -> charts -> highest win rate on ranked solo this week on challenger
1	It seems you need more than a shorter
0	Here's another possible angle, having been an overwhelmed grader for a period of my life:   Your friend's first version of the paper really was C-worthy. The teacher was disappointed and thought your friend deserved a chance to put some more time and effort into doing their very best on the assignment. Two weeks later, your friend turns in the "revised" version of the paper, and the teacher is already over-whelmed with work because the class has moved on to new topics and assignments.   The teacher, looking for a short cut, thinks that all the effort your friend put in to making revisions is worthy of a better grade. No need to re-read the paper. The exercise of revising was merit enough. "A+ Exactly what I wanted!" the teacher writes. "That should encourage him, and now he'll put more effort into the next assignment."
0	Let's not mince words here: I don't think there's anything wrong with having a period, I would most definitely not make the situation for the girl even more awkward and I certainly would not ridicule her for it. It is a normal function of her body that she can help no more than that boys get hard ons they can't control.   I can tell you, from my personal experience, that when such conversation was initiated by a girl of that age, I kindly but firmly directed her towards her mother for more information. I didn't even want to be a part of the conversation where she later discusses with her parents "Oh, we had a great time, and he gave me some great information on girls having periods." There simply is nothing about that which will sound good to those parents.
0	You mean the ambassador of Basketball senior member Mr Dennis Rodman, and yes yes he did just get back.  I saw part of an interview with him, I think it was on Keith Olberman (sp?)  Anyway, He said that he objects to what Kim is doing but that Kim is a "nice guy", and that he considers him a friend.
1	With the jungle being buffed a bit again, you may be able to once again carry a bad team from the jungle... Take a top level ganker (Udyr, Noc or whatever) If you want to win at all costs keep ganking the same lane over and over, the enemy is likely to ragequit, particularly at low elo.  Potential trolls/ragers on your team won't manifest unless they are losing usually, your job is to make the trolls appear on the other team.   You said you picked a tank because you were last, did you pick a tank who jungles? If your team needed a tank and a jungler there's no reason why you can't be both... If you didn't play a jungler because you can't then you need to learn how to, if not just for playing the role but for understanding your teammates better.   Cho works pretty well as a jungler/tank. :) His ganks are pretty annoying if the lane has cc. Stun>Knockup>Silence>other lane CC > NOMNOMNOM. You get to help the lane and get HP stacks from your ult! Not being able to do anything for 5 seconds while you die often causes ragequits...
0	Too long on Reddit ruined me. I live for
1	So if two NA teams had went against eachother in quarters and were guaranteed to go in finals, and the two CN teams were against the two favorites to win the entire tournament, that would make NA better than CN? There's no logic to your statement. Two NA teams doesn't prove anything because at least 1 is guaranteed to go to semis and then get shit on by KR anyways. It's the same with the two CN teams going against eachother.   Also, I never said SSB plays a shit game. Either you're staying up and not watching SHRC vs EDG and just arguing because you would rather argue than actually look at the games that are being played. Najin White Shield vs OMG and later SHRC will likely show the gap between CN and KR to be just as big as NA and KR. I never said CN is shit, I said CN is just as shit as NA compared to KR. KR is like a lobster dinner, and NA and CN are like McDonalds and Burger King. You can't fucking compare mcdonalds and burger king to a lobster dinner. It's still edible but it's nowhere near as refined, which is the gap between Korea and other regions. Hell, OMG almost didn't make it through past LMQ which was seen as worse than all other NA teams at worlds.  These first 4 games of SHRC and EDG have been which team sucks the least. I don't think any of the KR teams would be this hesitant to punish these mistakes.   I never said NA would stomp CN, that's putting words in my mouth. However trying to say CN is a step ahead of NA so far hasn't had very much credibility when CN's #1 seed didn't even beat their own #2 seed, and it looks like SHRC is like the C9 of China, being the stronger looking team from their own region despite not placing first in their own region.
1	isnt the issue that reddit mods are trying to get him to change what he says on twitter and other social medial (and his youtube videos).. in the case that some one is using leverage to deny your rights of free speech (which as far as I can tell Twitter,Facebook and Youtube are all owned by separate companys that ARE allowing those things to be hosted) in any OTHER capacity that they are legally able then it is called BLACKMAIL. srry mate everyone is at fault here Richard can be a dick everywhere else but reddit and reddit cant use that as basis for barring him from the website.   Last point: Reddit mods as far as i know are not paid. (if they are official employees someone please correct me) and therefore are not employees of the company that controls reddit and cannot legally ban him in ANY capacity on the rest of the site (which it sounds like they did.) Thats a job for people who can officially speak on behalf of a company.
1	You do realize the amount of people who play this game right? You saying you "report every single leaver/afker" is a dumb statement.
1	I shall attempt at an explanation: GP is okay top. His Q, while great (at denying the enemy last hits/out-trading melee champs/securing last hits when being denied or in a 2v1/etc).   It also costs a sheet ton of mana.  And unless you build mana (which you shouldn't do), get mana runes (which you shouldn't do), get blue buff (which you shouldn't do), or get enemy blue buff (which you should do, but how fucking often is that gonna happen?), you can't use your Q often enough to out-harass an enemy with less/no mana issues (something like olaf Q+E).  W is great, essentially a free QSS with some heal. But it doesn't give you enough sustain, unless you are building AP (and holy shit you really shouldn't be building AP). The QSS part is great though.  E is a good AoE buff, no complaints there;  R is a shit storm of random canons. You can ult block someone's path, they can walk right through the ult and still escape taking NO FUCKING DAMAGE. RNG OP.   Overall I'd say his #1 problem (and also the reason why he's a shit jungler) is because he has no hard CC. AoE slow, single target slow, speed up is nice; but it's completely outclassed by Maokai W, Riven W, Skarner R, etc.  In the case of jungler, I think of GP as Shyv. Both have meh ganks, but at least Shyv can counterjungle like a baus, has insane clear times and can run exhaust/smite (because she has R).
1	its most often only the one of the duos that is toxic and the other one feels presured to do the same. For example i duoed with one dude i met on league and he seamed really nice so i choose to play with him. but i noticed when me and him went bot he fellt that it was our bot even if other people called it first, so while he demanded botlane i asked the person that called first if me and the dude could take bot.   me myself is against toxic people and think they are the part of a losst game and often is ruening for other players. another example   i play with my friend that is lvl 12 i am lvl 30, so when i play with him i try to help the other players by first asking if they want some tips then i give them tips if they want, because if you just gives them tips they can fell like you think they suck.
1	Gonna take a shot here,   I assume its because in general, Jayce will stay withing his canon stance. When I think about it, Xin will likely JUST ABOUT proc all three of three talon strike within the time for me to go back into hammer stance and disengage. However, I do not use shock blast through acceleration gate in canon or to the skies from hammer to help me out trade him since it would force me back into his range or delay the disengage enough for him to proc all three of three talon strike, he then just sustains back my damage with his auto's to heal from the measly early level damage of E on hammer stance while I have to hope I can poke him with Shock blast through acceleration gate while his engage is down. Therefor, I should lose every trade he engages on assuming minions are on equal terms.   To win head on trades, Jax needs to stun Jayce with E, however, the spell has a small delay which gives Jayce time to react by  placing down acceleration gate then change into hammer stance to move out of range or just E Jax away if he immediately jumps Jayce. Jax also has no sustain to handle Jayce's harass.   However, Xin has sustain and his slow is immediate leaving Jayce with only one option, which is to do what i stated above, thus loosing trades.
1	You seem to be missing my point. My point being that the dcing person should only recieve the current elo loss and not a higher one.   Im sorry if I enraged you but there are some people that just can't afford a better computer. Should they not ve able to enjoy the game? And issues concerning powerloss. I know they are impossible/ish to prove and that most of the time it probaply is the persons own fault. But I do believe there are unexpected situations.
0	I work as a supervisor for a team of installers for one of these companies, so I'll just say: Do what you need to in order to pay what you think is right, but be careful. In my company, technicians are evaluated by their monthly "trouble call" rate. If this rate exceeds a particular percentage too many months in a row, the technician may end up being fired. The system is set up so that we can only appeal "bogus" trouble calls (technician arrives, finds no problem, customer says he was just trying to get credit on his bill) under a very restrictive set of conditions.
1	Honestly, I think Shens biggest weakness is his energy.   His energy costs are INCREDIBLY high with only one way to get energy back (aside from the obvious waiting for it to regen), which is his E.   For each target hit by his E, he gains energy. The fact that is has such a long cooldown and such short range makes it such an unreliable way to get energy back. Zed has E/Q with his shadows from safety, Akali has Q, Lee Sin gets energy from every ability.   Honestly, Shen is THE most limited champion when it comes to his energy. Every time we're setting up for a teamfight I have literally no energy. And even if I successfully E in and get 2 or so people, it's still only enough energy for 1, maybe 2 abilities, then I'm out of energy again and have to wait for the long ass E cooldown, but I'm generally dead by then since I can't use my W.
1	This. I feel that with the removing of clamping, the extra spots in Challenger and now this.   Extra spots in Challenger will mean 150 less people with Dia 1 99 LP. I think that's good.   Removing of clamping means that it's easyer to get dia 5, but harder to get to plat 1, so overall same thing but the hard part is split into equal parts rather than just at plat 1- dia 5.   This change, if they did it right and didn't mess up the code, will just have effects for a very small quantity of people for which it was not a problem anyway. Most of them will be smurf accounts and boosters later on. If these people will get a big win streak the good old division skip will be translated into a no-promo division skip. Do you think that is such a big deal? I don't. This system is not meant to give people divisions for free, but only if they are way higher anyway (so they would have promoted anyway, just that a few games later).   >being plat 1 this season soon will be like being Gold1-Plat5 season 3.   Yes and no. Over the existence of this game (I'm not here since beta but s1 though) there has been an interesting evolution of player skill and an overall growth in skill. If you watch the 1st World Championship for LoL in S1, the level of play, even under that meta is probably at what you'd see now in high gold. But that's what happens to the overall skill, from a player repartition perspective what happens in any type of game that has this tough learning curve is:     Older players like me eventually get to plat dia if they are willing to learn and not blame others.     Then there are the newer players who are willing to learn, but they are just too new. And these people are in gold-silver.     And then there are the people who just constantly blame others and never care to improve and for which it doesn't really matter for how long they play because they will still refuse to learn. And these can be found in silver-bronze, maybe a few golds too.       The people from group 1 and 2 will always strive to be better and more and more people will be high elo. (a trend that I noticed since S2) You may even see new talents rising to be better than the pro's who were doing this for a long time, because the fresh players come with new ideas and motivation and they raise the bar.
1	Riven doesn't fit well into any team comps, because she's not a bruiser. AD assassins go mid lane, and she does the job worse than Zed/Kha'Zix/Jayce/Pantheon. You can run her mid, but it's risky.   Top lane is for people who build Sunfire into Warmog's into Randuin's. Has been for a long time in competitive play. You get the occasional team running Rumble, but for the vast majority, it's Shen/Olaf/Jax/Singed/Irelia or bust.   Riven is snowbally, but nowhere near as snowbally as Olaf, Elise, Darius or Jax. An Olaf with a lead will force you out of lane, sustain your tiny damage with his in-built sustain (and 7.0 (+0.9) HP5) and just build pure tank, run into teamfights and fuck all your squishies with a 320 true damage nuke every 3 seconds while being immune to CC.   There was no justification for the nerf - she was neither overpopular, nor overpowered. It feels like a grudge nerf - some designer at Riot didn't like Riven 6 months ago, before Darius, Rengar, Elise and Jayce were released and finally managed to convince someone that Riven was totally OP at his ELO (1200).
0	Here's what you do, since it won't be cold yet for a while. Find a winter coat of each of theirs. Go outside. Shit into some sort of container. Freeze the shit. Liquid oxygen is best, but computer cleaner may work in a pinch, or, if you have a lot of time and a freezer you don't care about, that'll work too. Cut a slit in the bottom of the jacket pocket. Put half the shit through the slit, and work into the inner portion of the jacket. Repeat with other jacket. Place coat back into back of closet like nothing happened. Enjoy your disgusting revenge.
0	Hey man, I'm 19 too.   I'm not a /r/nofap devotee, but I tried it once for a month to see how it'd affect me since I had mild ED too. This meant no masturbation, and in my case, porn.   Shit.   Whenever my girlfriend touched me on the shoulder or even looked at me funny I got mecha-hard. I hadn't done that in years.
0	the public subconsciously feels that the very fact that it got to the point of a raid indicates guilt on whoever was inside the house no matter the details.  not to mention the reasoning that "oh her father was a criminal that's why the police were there, if he didn't want his daughter shot, he shouldn't have broke the law.  I don't break the law like them so that will never happen to me or my kids."
0	But /u/IWantToBeNormal ... Is that so much to ask for? Regardless of what normal really is. I am sick of being the nicest most up-beat guy one day. Then in the morning being in a shitty mood about everything.   And that isn't the worst part! Often times I may feel like I have the energy to do something but the the anxiety become overwhelming!! (anxiety is my main problem which is linked to depression)   Or even at work (fast food) I could seem to be the ideal emplyee on service. Polite, professional, and kurt (enough for the managers) but all I really think about after halfway through my shift is going home and drinking to forget how fake I am to these people and the stress that goes with the job.   Oh and then there is school which I am doing well in, but I am only taking two classes this semester...
1	Not that what your saying isn't true (having subjective commentators for international games in football, icehockey or any other sport is great, and, as you say, makes the the games more personal or exciting), this only goes for sports broadcast on national channels, and not on the internet, where many different nationalities watch the same streams.   Even though the twitch channel is broadcast in English, it doesn't mean everyone is rooting for the English speaking team. (I know this isn't the same for e.g. the Polish stream, because anyone who is watching that channel is more than likely from Poland.)
0	I disagree with this (hence the UPVOTE). If you don't reward effort (in certain subjects,) you will eventually eliminate certain students motivation, making it to where they won't even try anymore. I am an example of this. I hated when a subject was open to interpretation, yet only one answer is right. For example: you're asked on an assignment to examine something, and you examine it and put effort into it, yet if your opinion/assessment differs from the teachers it's considered incorrect. I always fell behind in english classes when it came to this, especially when it came to reading books and discussing/doing assignments on them. I put forth some effort at first, but after being told i was doing things wrong, i gave up out of frustration. I quit reading all together. To this day, i read one book in school/ever, i read it on my own, without anyone telling me how, or what i should think about this or that, i took it as i wanted to and i enjoyed it, yet i still just don't have the motivation to read books.
1	I recently started playing again after a long hiatus, and Im kind of dissapointed in the state of bruisers like Mundo, Olaf, Xin Zhao, Skarner, Vladimir, and Irelia. Theyre kind of tanky, kind of do damage, but besides that you just seem like youre walking around a teamfight in circles getting kited to death. On the other hand it is annoying when a guy with 3k hp jumps on you and 3 shots you. I just think the problem is that these guys kits are all at least in some ways Melee DPS and Melee DPS doesnt work, so we have to try and make these pseudo tanks just to last 3 seconds in a teamfight. Its broken fundamental mechanics.
0	We used to always camping every year with some family friends.   One year we just stopped going. And when I asked my parents my mum was like, we don't like them anymore. Last year my dad finaly told me that he found out one of the dads beat his wife sometimes and that dad had threatened (but in a serious way) to kill him at the camp.   My dad is not one of those guys you fuck with, 6'4 and 120kg. None of the the other dads stood with him, just my dad. And after that we were excluded from the group   IL &
0	That's not my point, the point I'm making is that the entire issue is blames at the source rather than the given facts.   Kids, in general are mobile idiots with hormones.   Think about it this way, given what you know now, does any of it really matter? ANY of the bullshit you had to endure? No, you are alive, and (possibly) well behind a computer living a life.   But at the age of school children and young adults, they seem to think that LITERALLY the only thing is to do a drastic measure, LITERALLY kill themselves, LITERALLY shoot up a school.   I'm not saying "fuck them" I'm saying, they have NO possibility of knowing their actions, simply on the fact they don't even THINK they have options.
1	Im from Gold 2 on my main but I honestly think I could easily be in Plat but I just don't play on it alot. I smurf in lower ELO constantly and to be honest losses are very rare if you know what you are doing and how to play at low ELO. On one of my accounts, I dodged promotion series constantly on my low elo account just for fun because every game seems to be a stomp.
1	By buying nothing but MR items, you are severely hurting yourself.  Yes, you'll get half of it in AP and a caster will have a very hard time killing you, but having a low HP pool (for a tank) and no additional armor from items will just make you food for a decent physical carry.   The same goes for Rammus.  Yes, stacking armor grants you a bonus that stacking MR doesn't, but you will be destroyed by an Annie, Vlad, or any other decent mage if you don't get magic resistance.   There are a few exceptions (like the current physical carry metagame (DBlade into IE into LW into some Attack Speed)), but you should try to avoid going into a game and sticking to a build 100%.  Your items should always be situational.  This is probably most important when playing a tank.  Look at the other team at the loading screen and make a basic build outline from that.  If you're playing against a group that could go either AD or AP (Kat, TF, Sion, Yi, Shaco, Sivir, Eve, ect.), wait and see their builds and counter them.
1	It's the problem with anything on the Internet, people feel secure behind their online handle. Being anonymous is a powerful thing. You can say/do anything you want without people knowing who you are, where you live. You can also be anyone you want, nothing from your "real" life is known online so you can create a persona for yourself that includes whatever you want.   The problem is that the raw power of that opportunity creates an environment where people can do whatever they want and get away with it. Your lane gets camped and you get frustrated? Call their jungler all sorts of names. They can't do anything about it. Your top lane has a bad game and dies a few times, even though you're slightly winning at bot, and then your team loses a teamfight? Blame it all on the "feeding idiot" from top lane. Once again, no consequences for you at all.  In fact, you haven't voiced your whole displeasure yet. Your team is down in gold and kills but your team doesn't want to surrender because they believe they can still win? Start cursing them out, wish cancer on them and their loved ones for wasting another 10 minutes of your oh-so-precious time. Maybe then they'll realize that they've ruined your game and that they'll never play again so as to not make you lose anymore. Again, zero consequence for you outside of the game.
1	To start off, I do not believe this is riot. If riot wanted to, they could kick you off the servers(as the have done in the past) and thus they would have no need for a message of that sort. My guess is that someone taken the chat packet and manipulated it to their means. It might be possible to look through the league client with OllyDbg and understand how their chat function works and thus understand how to manipulate the chat packet correctly.
1	It's down to how people play her imo, because she has some of the best disengage skills in the game. If you think you're going to get ganked pre-2, then you just don't skill up an ability until you hit 2.   If you don't, you missed out on some harrass with an arguably OP level 1 dmg from your Q powered up passive, if you do, you can ctrl+e and have the advantage in any case.   I honestly think that squishier supports should start boots 1 ward 1 pot anyway. Honestly, I tend to take boots 1 1 on supports like Leona too, anything without a speed boost or anything I want to turn into an aggressive lane, because most other supports don't take boots, and I want to close the gap asap. People just need to 'think.'   Lately, Sona is being counterpicked hard as well, and it's about time. Any time I see a Sona pick as first or second, I punish it hard with Leona, or Blitz., the champion is a joke anyway- spamming qwe randomly is what 95% of the players do, so it's really easy to punish them.   As for those that know how to play her, you negate a lot of her poke with a champ like Blitz/Leona because of the fear factor.
1	What does PSA mean? I'm not that good in Reddit-terminology.   P.S.: You mind explaining what TIL,
0	I dislike when reddit upvotes clearly wrong TIL's just cause they want to believe and it happens more often than you think.   Blatantly misinforming all of reddit and it kinda ruin's the point of a TIL.
0	I have very good health insurance (Blue Cross/Blue Shield and near top of the line policy).  But the "death panels" at even the very good companies constantly screw with people to save themselves money.  You have to remember, these companies have the bottom line as their main objective-NOT your health.  Right now, I use a medication every month that costs my insurance company a couple thousand a month.  If they would pay four thousand a month, I could have enough to clear up my condition and be completely symptom free (though not cured, because there is no cure).  But they refuse to pay for the extra medicine because they would be losing a lot of money.  So instead I have to feel a little sick every month because of their "special protocols" written by doctors they hire say that someone my height and weight only need the half dose.  My doctor's opinion is for naught.  If I want the extra I have to pay out of pocket.  So insurance companies are famous for saying you need to try the cheap medicine first for a few months or you don't need "X" test, or the newest medicine is still considered "not road tested enough" for them to put you at possible risk.  The Affordable Care Act will probably change none of that.  And those are the things that drop us down to #46.
1	I wouldn't have raged at you for playing lanewick, but I would be very unforgiving of mistakes.  I don't mind people trying unorthodox builds/playstyles as long as they play smart.  The trouble is a lot of people who try "different" builds and then fail completely at them try to pass it off as don't rage at me because I'm trying something new, when really it was them playing dumb that got them into the position they were in.
1	Sometimes it's just not worth it to gank losing lanes.   Did you even look at your items/levels/lasthits? It's possible that you were behind a lot more than you thought. If you have already died twice, and enemy have significantly better items it's even possible that he can kill you both when you don't have good cooperation.   Most annoying thing that i know, is that when my top is doing stupid mistakes and getting ganked all the time, and then whining to me. Usually i'm just coming to gank, when he overextends and gets killed. Then i go to bottom side to gank/farm/give buffs and again when i'm coming for gank he is dead and whining more.
0	Oh, yeah. I'm not good at sportsball knowledge. But as a general principle, I think that people's opinions are not grounds for any kind of termination from any title that doesn't inherently have to do with their opinions in the first place. Now, I am all for justice -- and anyone who survives in this day and age as a racist should definitely feel that justice -- but it doesn't change that he didn't actually  do  anything in regards to the sports team. He did something in real estate but that holds no true bearing on this incident.
1	Of course you can freeze at tier 1, i was giving an example of when it is clear to everyone that you should freeze lane, as you clearly have lost lane hard. Your support is not going to know what play style you have and if you want to free or whatnot, just telling us will make both our lives infinity easier :)
1	Riots answer to our well deserved request for compensation.     EUW: Riot compensate PLS!     Riot:    EUW: Oh.. ok.   Riot: Now lets get our sh*ts together and get NA some free goods!
0	My dad and I once saw a woman at Walmart pushing her cart to the corral. Instead of pushing it securely inside, she attempted to just let it roll into the corral. It ended up running into an Acura nsx. She ran over and grabbed it and did THE EXACT SAME THING. It ran into the fucking car again. She just got in her car and drove off. We got both license plates and informed the police of what happened. But we never heard anything after that.
1	You CAN carry but I recommend not playing full tank junglers that only provide cc and no actual dmg (especially not low elo. I consider pre dia 4 low elo). If you want to hard carry games as a jungler I would suggest playing actual carry junglers like Vi, Shyvana, Nocturne, Udyr, etc. In that way you are able to carry soloq games by prioritizing farming and lvl's early game. That way you are:  1) 2/3 lvl's ahead of the enemy jungler 2) 1/2 items ahead of the enemy junglers   I also tend to go more offensive when im ahead (e.g. 3 or 4/0 at 20 minuts). IF you play AD/bruiser junglers and you go like: warrior into botrk into bc and then full tank. I garantee you shit on the enemy cinderhulk jungler. Also when playing sth like vi you are able to almost 1 shot enemy carries with ult and some spells/aa's. After you take out their "carries" you can start killing their tanks with ur botrk active and armor pen.
0	I had always wanted to randomly follow someone and when I found out a few of my friends had done it I immediately knew I had to try it. So this time we all piled into my car and started driving around at midnight looking for cars to just follow. We did this a few times over the course of about an hour, pretty uneventful, until we decided that we'd follow one more car before going home. So this guy catches on pretty quick, we made it obvious, we wanted the chase! We're banking turns trying to keep up with this guy until he goes into a run down neighborhood with cars parked on both sides of the street (so it's essentially a one way. This car starts to slow down.   Fuck.   So this would be the part to mention how we're all gigantic wimps. Everyone starts freaking out as we realize this is a dead end. The car we're following starts to turn around at the end of the road. I put the car in reverse, look over my shoulder, and haul ass to the intersection, swing the car around, and gun it. After two random turns I realize I fucked up.   Dead end.   Fuck.   Shut the car off, turned off all the lights, nobody moves. We see the car go past the street we turned into. Waited a few minutes before turning the car back on and driving home.
1	Assassin Junglers are more rewarding but take more skill and coordination to pull off in order to not become useless midgame. I main assassin junglers because of this,but it may also because I play solo Q a lot. People will discover the assassin jungle meta in season 3 perhaps.   In my opinion the role of the assassin jungler (depending on it's character) is basically an anti-jungler role, you abuse the living daylight out of your assassin's 1v1 capabilities and coordinate jungle ganks with your team aswell as obviously, lane ganks.   I usually play khazix, rengar, lee sin, and sometimes nocturne because I know I can get in and get out with these characters. Your gameplay is to basically shutdown the enemy jungler, by pushing him out of his own jungle and possibly killing him you already gave your team an advantage, ontop of that you should be getting double the farm and having more lane presence between lanes depending on sides, it also prevents lane ganks by roamers and controls dragon way more than the current meta.   The only problem with this is it always does not work in Solo Q and usually works more in ranked 5's(which your support has a hand in this)
0	I went to a high-volume strip club that had about 2,000 people inside, $20 cover. I have high levels of social anxiety, and so I chilled at the bar until a stripper came by and said hello, and I introduced myself. She asked why I was there, and I told her I just got out of a bad breakup. She pretended to care, which sadly, was good enough for me.   She told me it was $40 for a dance, touching allowed. fuckyes.jpg. We go upstairs, and for about 3 minutes, she gives me a lapdance, and I feel her ass and tits. After the song ends, she tells me she has it in her to give me a couple more dances, and completely hypnotized by the touch of a woman, I'm all like, "FUCK YES". As soon as she realizes all the ATMs are out of order, she says I can wait a bit longer, to which I say, "Nah, I gotta go. Thanks though!"
0	This is so cliche, but also true. It's not about winning or losing,  but how you play the game. There's an old adage: "I can learn more from playing with someone for an hour than working with them for a decade. " So, basically, it's more important to spend the time with someone to play the game, then worry about who wins. The game is just a chance to form a bond with another person.
1	This happened to me twice yesterday and I know why.   On my library computers, your headphones must be plugged in before the loading screen pops up, or they won't work for the entire match. If you forget to plug in your headphones, then you must alt+f4 and reconnect if you want sound.   Because I forgot to plug in my headphones before the loading screen, I alt+f4'd and started loading before everyone had finished loading. When i got in game, i experienced the same glitch.
1	My personal advice would be to actually just try to get used to it.  I know it's probably extremely frustrating and annoying to you but people will just be like that.  You just have to literally not care.  But I will have to agree it's a lot worse at lower levels for I have no idea why people would even intentionally play on their low level smurfs unless they've been banned and are re-leveling (which probably explains their attitude) or something.   Some of those flamers/ragers on your team might even just be little kids.  Like kids will always look for an excuse or blame you to justify any mistake they made so again, it's best just to not care.  As for legitimate criticism on your play, you really don't have to listen to any of it if it's bothering you.  You can always mute them or even just outright ignore it and focus on your own play to self improve.   I generally try to maintain a nice/positive attitude, or simply just not talk.  Whenever someone messes up I try not to say ANYTHING.  Could not just be their game, or they're simply bad but I'll try not to talk or provoke them.  It's frustrating seeing people endlessly feed or people shit talking you but whatever.   Although I'm no saint myself.  I'll have my random days of built up rage but generally I try to keep it myself.  I remember back when I was leveling I would be all nice and positive until someone insulted me, then I'd snap, but I've really really grown accustomed to just not care.  Nowadays if someone is plain out insulting me and I really don't feel like putting up for it I'll just straight up mute them instantly.   Anyways epic wall of text.  Didn't expect to write that much at all but whatever.  It'll get a bit better, but the player base in this game is so large that there will ALWAYS be ragers and shit talkers regardless of what level your account is, so again just not care.  Yeah it's really annoying but whatever, just keep playing and get better.   Good luck man and remember try to have fun d00d! :3
0	I deleted myself from okcupid, because I couldn't deal with the hypocrisy that it was.   "RATE ME AT 5 STARS!!"   I don't like dating sites, but I know that's all there is.For the most part. I know I had a real shitty life, but its kinda of getting better.
1	This is not a bug. This is intentional... Channeled skills (even if it's a short channel) take up your champion's time. You can't do anything else during the channel (besides possibly use summoners). This includes things as deliberate as nunu ult and things as small as pantheon's spear toss. Let's look at an example:   Tristana's rocket jump. There is a brief channel (about a half a second or less) at the beginning of the jump. During this time you cannot auto attack or cast e or ult (not sure about q since it's not a channel). As soon as she begins to leap into the air, she is no longer channeling, thus she can use her autos and abilities.   You can distinguish channeled abilities by a (sometimes very quick) channel bar that appears on the screen above your skills. In addition, all channeled abilities stop your movement. This was the change they made with Rengar. Instead of making it a channeled spell that stopped his movement, they made it castable while running. It wasn't a  bugfix , it was a  change .
1	I guess I'm having a problem because my viewpoint is right in the middle. I think items should be able to help you in a terrible situation (Ashe vs. Udyr), but I don't think they should be so strong as to make champion selection, picking, and counterpicking irrelevant.   If somebody baits you into picking Udyr then counterpicks you with Ashe, you got mindgamed, period. You can deal with that situation in a couple of ways: build items to do your best or swap lanes with another champion in your team. But neither of those should completely mitigate the fact that you got chose your champion poorly, and that battle won't count for the war.
0	Corn has been selectively bred for hundreds of years. This is true and not debatable. Selective breeding has been going on for hundreds of years. However, due to relatively recent scientific discoveries, we can now do things such as splice insects' DNA into produce that makes it resistant to pesticides that are produced by the same company that produces the seeds.   Your argument is similar to "legalize and accept the use of all drugs because look at marijuana - nobody has ever died from it, its natural, and has existed for thousands of years". Well, what about some of the newer drugs that don't occur naturally? Synthetic marijuana, made in laboratories, was designed to mimic the function of marijuana and actually be a better form of it, and does a relatively decent job replicating the experience, except for thousands of people die from it. Not the best example, but I think you can see my point.
0	It seems like people tend to hold beliefs and disbeliefs about anything (gods, democracy, the stock market) only because their desires are aligned with those beliefs. I figure the desire for friendly association is a good part of the reason why most of the people I know from my hometown are theists and those in my graduate program are atheists, although the interaction between association and belief goes both ways. I've never heard a really convincing reason for either theism or atheism that didn't speak to the person's own desires.
0	yeah, every single time I've been in this situation, I've not been laughing and gleeful about it with girlfriends. This situation usually makes me feel like a deer in headlights because it's awkward. I think the best thing to do is just say 'I have a boyfriend' because when I don't say that there have been occasions where guys want to keep trying to convince me. Isn't 'I have a boyfriend' direct and honest enough?
0	each number is a multiple of 1.5.   24 is the 16th multiple   33 is the 22nd multiple   96 is the 64th multiple.   the difference between 16, the first multiple, and 22, the second multiple is 8. the difference between 22 and 64, the third multiple, is 42.   42 divided by 8 is 5.25.   so, the pattern is that you multiply the previous number (divided by 1.5) by 5.25 to get the next number.   after 96 it would be 504, 2646, and 13,891.5, which are the 336th, 1764th, and 9261st multiples of 1.5, respectively.
0	Worked the exact opposite for me. My parents required me to eat everything on my plate, or at least make a decent dent in it, before I was allowed to leave the table. They're both incredible cooks, but I was a dumb kid, so this proved problematic. It made me an incredibly picky eater because I reacted negatively to being forced to sit at dinner for two hours until I tried everything. I didn't start trying to broaden my culinary horizons until about a year ago.
1	I think a lot of people have a big misconception on why certain champions are "nerfed" in League.   First off, they need to keep the game flowing. Pro players will look for picks that give them the most valuable output for the least amount of practice effort. For example, while Draven is a very strong pick in and of itself, no one wants to bother having to play a mini game just to deal damage (juggle axes). This is a meh example but hopefully it makes sense.   Furthermore, adjustments are aimed at champions that give affect game play health in a negative way. For instance, Veigar proved very problematic to play against for most people. If it makes people frustrated to play against chances are they will want to change something. Veigar didn't really see competitive play all that much either.
1	As a side comment... jungling (imo) is one of the most rune intensive positions to run. A solid t3 rune pages is needed to be efficient in the roll.   Full armor yellows -> MR/lvl runes  -> AS or ad Reds -> AD / mspeed quints is a page set up that can be applied to almost all junglers, and the runes also cross over to other roles as well (maybe not movement speed quints)   Prior to this, jungling with most champs can be less then efficient. You will almost always be going cloth + 5 pots, and blow all 5 by the time the double golems are down.   Once you get a decent t3 page set up, you can start running boots + pots or regrowth, and have faster, more efficient jungle time/clear.
0	My first job out of college was at a call center assisting folks with their 401k. 8 months...it broke me in 8 months.
1	If there's players out there good enough to go pro, they'll go pro regardless of gender; just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean that it never will.   From memory, the LoL infographic about players showed that over 90% of LoL players are  male , meaning less than 10% are female. That 10% include girls who only play for fun and have no interest in the ranked scene, only play occasionally and what-not.   Personally I'd rather not have it rushed just because people think it's unfair that the pro scene is currently fully male. Rushing things could (keyword:  could  ) result in having someone who isn't as dedicated to playing, lets down their team and/or gets the community into a position of thinking that girls can't play at a pro level.
1	Must've been tough on OP losing a computer game. /s.
0	unless the kids met after puberty, you should be fine, man. there is a whole set of instincts that make humans NOT attractive to other humans they grew up with.   Case in point: My family was close friends with another family. Their daughter spent as many afternoons at our house as her own. We were (and still are) as close as my biological sister and I were. When we went to (the same) college, both sets of parents expected her and I to get married. They just couldn't understand that although she was objectively gorgeous, I just couldn't see her in that way- any more than I could my own sister (despite the opinions of redditor pervs).
0	I was actually picked up by campus cops as a Freshman at UNC after my first full-on blackout. Story time...   Went to a house party some ways off the North side of campus. Saw the dorm RA from the floor above me at a house party next door ~12:30AM. Proceeded to slam shots of Aristocrat. Left party with friend at ~2AM. Remember walking down Cameron Street on the North side of campus, cop in cruiser pulls up, rolls down window, "Son are you alright?" - Yes Sir, just walking back to my dorm.   I have no sense of direction since I'm piss drunk and it's only the 5th week of classes. End up walking to Granville Towers (a dorm on N. Campus) to catch the P2P bus that runs around campus until 3AM. Blackout again.   Wake up to 4 UNC campus police officers standing around me. I look down, there's puke all over my shoes. Look back up. "Son, what are you doing out here?" - "Just waiting for the bus officer" "Do you know what time it is?" Check my phone -- it's dead -- "No, but I assume it's before 3AM?" "It's 6:30 AM boy."   Officers walk back to their cruisers, talk for a minute, then one comes back and tells me to get in the back of his car. "Am I under arrest, sir?" - "No, I'm about to end my shift and I don't want to fill out the paperwork for you. Where do you live?" "Hinton James. Thank you."   Drove me home and waited until I was inside. GG Police officer. I'll never forget that guy.   EDIT,
0	When I was in 6th grade, one of my twin brother's classmates died in an accidental drowning at the school pool. I met him a few times, he would ask me what being a twin was like. Anyway, it made news all across the Buffalo area. There was a whole controversy about there being no life guard and only the gym teacher watching the kids, the broken oxygen tank or whatever it's called. I'm not gonna name him, but the kid had asthma problems, but was athletic, he likely had an asthma attack when he was under water, I can't recall all the details.   Anyway, after the kid died that day, the school was closed for a few days because they emptied the pool and that did some shit to the plumbing. When we got back, students in my grade were offered grief counseling. An investigator came to our house to ask my brother questions, since he was nearby the kid when he had his attack. It was totally fucked up.   After all this had happened though, it's like the school didn't even think about taking his name off of the system. This happened in December, at the end of the first half of the school year. In January, after Christmas break, one of the teacher's ask if the kid is here, attendance. One of the girls starts crying and someone had to explain what happened and why this teacher didn't watch the news, he was shocked.
0	no thanks and can i ask you something? where are your balls?
0	I have some friends that for the longest time have tried to conceive, with no luck. They have 3 dogs,  and those dogs are treated with more care and kindness than some of the kids I see around my city. My friends couldn't be more deserving of children, but it just won't happen. My female friend posts thing about being a pet parent and I believe that they are. Maybe it's silly, but at this point they have spent tens of thousands of dollars trying to resolve their fertility issues and I just think they want a sense of normalcy.
0	Yep. When I was in college we were pretty fucking considerate of our neighbors. They live there too. Everyone has a right to enjoy a quiet night's sleep without drunk frat boys making a ruckus.   Plus, you know, it's actually illegal to make noise past a certain time in most residential areas and you will get fined.
1	I wanted to play Shaco, but someone else picked him before I could. So I picked Twitch as a joke. I didn't lock, but Shaco already had. Then someone picked Eve, and locked. Then we had a jungle Nocturne who locked, and I decided to go for it. (I think our fifth was Nasus, but he just stayed top the whole game and didn't join in on the fun).   So we get in and attempt laning for a few minutes but it doesn't go well. Conveniently the enemy doesn't have a jungler, so me and Eve double their jungle, while Nocturne and Shaco double ours. Meanwhile, the enemy is pushing out our lanes. So we four-man gank mid. Then we four-man bot.   Rinse and repeat. We won that game, and I honestly think a good part of that was because we were actually willing to break the rules and have fun. I should have added those guys. They were amazing players.
1	Reminds me of what happened to me last night.   I was playing Karthus mid, and up 70 CS on the other teams' mid, and I had been ganked twice by jungle, and twice by top. I  died 3 out of those 4 times...I was okay with this, but when my top died to the Jungler ganking, he immediately screamed "WTF? HOW DID I DIE TO THE JUNGLER?!"  I suggested nicely, yes nicely (omg IKR?!?!), that he buy wards to prevent ganks.  The jungler, support, and top immediately went after me, telling me to mind my own lane, that it was none of my business, and I was feeding my mid, all while I was up 70 CS and not a single of my deaths was from their mid.  On top of that, our support had stolen 3 kills from our ADC, resulting in him being behind theirs, because he had died 9 times by 20 minutes, all to their ADC.  So at around 20 minutes, I stopped talking in game, and continued PMing our ADC, as I had him added.  The rest of my team immediately assumed I gave up, because I stopped talking.  I kept the pressure in mid to not lose our inner turret, but 5v1 it is difficult, and I ended up being dived and died once from that, but took out two with my ult.  Their harassment went on all game, so I stopped talking, because why bother?   Here's the funny part, Kog'maw and myself had the least deaths of anyone in the game, and my CS at end-game was about 150 higher than anyone else's, and I had most kills on the team.  After we lost, they said, "well I guess you weren't too bad after all."  What poses someone to do that?  Harass your team, then congratulate them on not doing bad?  ......LoL community....I swear...
1	it's more costefficient in the long run, but do you think you can stay alive with a early oracle 100% of the time?   if yes, then you're a Beast!!!
0	I just think. Oh here's a person who is wrapped up in her own little world with her baby. That's great and all, but the reason people don't like it is the same reason people (other than other car people) don't like someone that talks about cars all the time and goes too far into detail over shit people who aren't car people don't know or care about. Ditto for any type of nerd, be it computer nerds, sports nerds, or D&D nerds.
1	I kinda of have issue with putting blame on just one party.   Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeating, of course) % that Riot should have had booths (or at least some sort of method blocking the minimap). They offer so many positive benefits that its almost a necessity. Hell, given the chance I'd argue this with Carmac, who is against the idea of booths (just look at any IEM).   BUT looking behind you is against the rules that Riot set in place before the tournament began.  And rules is rules. You don't see guys running up and down a court in basketball not dribbling the ball because it is easier and faster that way.  You don't see American Footballers making horse-collar tackles because its a good place to get a grip - and if they do, they get penalized.   For those saying riot is just using frost as a fall guy: Redbeard posted this, and might have been skipped over, in the rulings post:   "In hindsight, the potential visibility of minimap screens for players was a mistake. Despite on-site referees, close monitoring of player cams backstage, and stage design that ensured players would have to turn more than 90 degrees to be able to catch a glimpse of the minimaps, even the possibility of unfair play was simply unacceptable. We’re taking steps to ensure the minimap screens are not visible to players."
1	Hasn't been great in playoffs   Fucking understatement of the century. Link has been part of 4 playoffs, FOUR, not just the previous one, but four. He has choked in EVERY SINGLE ONE. I can't remember a playoff where Link performed  well or outperformed another mid in a series. He has continually shown that he cannot operate under high stress environments and if CLG EVER want to show up big, either in NA or further, they need to drop him.   Link has had his fucking turn already. 2 years on CLG with no impressive   performances during important events. He is the Jesiz of NA. Decent regular season with massive dropoff in playoffs, which are FAR more important than the regular season.   People say that there aren't viable replacements but that's horseshit. Keane, LOD, Mancloud, Yusui, Dawolfsclaw , Prolly, Chunkyfresh are all fresh and upcoming talent in NA. With a decent support staff, CLG could take one of these talented, motivated and hungry NACS midlaners  and develop them into great NA mids. I'm not saying all of them are cut out for it, but at least try them all out.   I haven't even MENTIONED foreign talent yet. Europe has a massive amount of talent in its amateur scene that could be tried out or taken. Febiven, Watdefox, Powerofevil are all great mid laners in EU that CLG could buy out if they really wanted. Admitedly, I know far less about the EU challenger scene than then NA one, but I'm sure there are even more SoloQ mids and EUCS mids that are just waiting for their chance at the big times.   There are many Korean mids too that CLG could bring over if they wanted. Frozen, from IM for an example. Kur0 would be a massive fucking pick up, he was for some reason passed over by Najin when choosing their team for LCS KR. GBM is also open for CLG. Nagne would be an amazing pickup if they could outbid KT for him. These are OGN TESTED and PROVEN mids, unlike Seraph. They're not SoloQ pickups with no competitive experience. IDK what Baeme is up to but he might be a good pickup.
1	There is an fairly simple mathematical factor that describes why the tribunal does rogue cases, or lesser justified bans pretty much in order to work. And why these can never be fully eliminated. This is a long post, filled with math, and assumptions to make explaining easier. And this is kind of a simplified version of what I could write, just to demonstrate a couple of concepts.   Establishing toxicity level   With a couple of assumptions we can assume that the toxicity percentile of the player base can be expressed as a percentage chance of a person getting reported. This ranges from a limit factor of 100 (although in theory it would be able to exceed that number as more than one person can report you), to a limit of 0%.   We can assume that this can be shown as a normal distribution curve, where I believe the peak would be somewhere around 20%. Face the fact, you probably get reported every fifth game.   We need one more assumption to form a hypothesis, we can assume that the whole player base plays the same amount of games. So, let's get cracking.   The majority of reports are "rogue reports"   According to normal distribution, we can assume that 90% of the players per game (from now on players) have around 20% chance getting reported. And let's assume the lower 5% of players has 70% chance. This means that the majority of reports come from normal players. So riot introduces filters in order to eliminate those. I have no clue how these work, but I am pretty confident on that they do.   Hit ratio of filters and tweeks   Let's say these filters are tweaked to include most of the toxic players the filter will have a hit ratio on finding these players that can be expressed as an exponential graph, with a drop off towards the 10-15 percentile offenders. Exponential curves reach a limit-0 at in indefinite time. So even with a good dropoff, it is impossible for the tribunal to perfectly distinct between players from 10% tox and 50%. It is however possible to capture a big amount of players within a target area, based on data on player behaviour, but this WILL always bleed over to the big player pool that has 20% report ratio. Not by much, it is just mathematically impossible for this not to happen, based on the huge sample size. This bleed is larger in proportion than it seems, as demonstration on why consider that a 10% of half the players is as many as 100% of 5% of the players. This rate is according to riot somewhere around 0.01%, small in essence, but a huge amount of players considering 5 mill players.   conclusion   Does this mean the tribunal is broken, in essence yes. As none of the normal players should ever be punished in the tribunal. But it is not possible to develop a system that doesn't have these errors, as there is no such thing as a definite factor to measure in a system that measures such a big sample size and no distinctive behaviours that can be broken down. But riot states that the false punish rare is 0,01%, what is an incredibly low number for such a system. One could even argue that this number could be higher in order to catch more toxic players, but I would not support the idea.   So when anyone says the system is broken, look at these three factors.   The higher the hit ratio of tribunal cases is (% punished), the better the filter is (some people have been arguing this to be the opposite lately).   Alternative 1, would be to let all cases through releasing the filters, that would mean tons of pardons and low chance of getting a really toxic report. Meaning the chance of toxic players to be punished would also diminish.   Alternative 2, no tribunal but manual riot driven punishment, unless it's a huge army of people this will never be able to capture the same amount of perpetrators. In essence, fewer toxic bans.   So my conclusion would be, tribunal is maybe faulty, but it might be the best punishment system developed. And I do believe the data from the tribunal is used to further enhance the filters, making the tribunal in effect improve itself by capturing player behaviour patterns.
0	I used to get severe panic attacks. I would have 2-3 bad ones a day, and would feel generally anxious the rest of the time. It came to a point where I could only fall asleep by laying on my right side because otherwise the feeling of my heart pounding would keep me awake. I don't get them anymore. Here's what worked for me:   -I told my primary doctor about it and he graciously listened to exactly what I was saying, instead of trying to downplay it. He ordered all the tests that could rule out an actual physical cause of what I was feeling. (TSH, EKG, CXR). I almost hoped that something would be wrong, so that maybe a medication or procedure could relieve my symptoms and feelings. Tests came back, and NOTHING WAS PHYSICALLY WRONG. This was step one. I realized I was not going to die from these attacks.   -Step Two consisted of me learning everything possible about anxiety disorders and panic attacks. The more knowledge I gained, the more power I had over my symptoms and feelings. I began to understand exactly what was going on in my body when things really started to feel bad.   -Building off step two, I came up with a mantra that I would repeat in my head when I could feel the anxiety build. "There is nothing physically wrong with you. This is just a chemical body process. Breathe, and focus on something else." I would then force myself to redirect my attention to a different activity. Talking to someone. Changing rooms. Making something. Anything.   I soon found that with this knowledge and coping mechanism, I was able to calm down from attacks much faster. Then the attacks started to come less frequently. The general anxiety began to fade. I could sleep on my back again. With every milestone, I gained power over my symptoms and mental insecurities. Today I live symptom free, without the help of medication and free from fear. This worked for me, and I believe a similar process can work for others.
1	For everyone who is supporting Riot's "no sound-booth" thing because "they use soundproof headphones"...you're missing the damn point.   We all know how the soundproof headphones work. They pick up incoming sounds and then send out an inverted frequency to negate it. That way players don't hear the crowd through the headphones.   However, you're missing the point that THE MICROPHONES ARE NOT SOUNDPROOF.   Starcraft pros and LoL pros have complained about not being able to hear ANYTHING when the crowd is cheering REALLY REALLY LOUDLY. It doesn't matter if the headphones are soundproof when there's a raging shitstorm of noise funneling up your microphone and into your voice comms from the crowd.   What do sound booths do? Sure, in terms of blocking out noise reaching the ears, they may not even be as effective as soundproof headphones because they don't send out inverted sound waves to effectively negate near 100% of the noise. But they sure as hell block a shit ton of noise from ever reaching the players' microphones. The two tackle very different things.   You'll notice in OGN, some players don't even wear the headphones. The sound booths work well enough that they can use their own stick-in earphones and use the headsets simply for the microphone only.   I absolutely do not understand why anyone would oppose soundbooths. The "crowd interaction" is unimportant when weighed against protecting the integrity of such a complex game. It's an E-Sport, not a physical sport like football or basketball. We should aim to have similar competing structures as them, but not everything must be the same. The crowd interaction isn't worth jack shit when the game is ruined by screaming and shouting.   You can see even in Korea, with soundbooths, the game is pretty damn popular. There are people filling up the studio all the time. Is Riot still under the illusion that they need to compromise the integrity of the game for this supposed much-important "crowd interaction"?? So damn delusional, and anyone who subscribes to the idea as well.
1	The only recent changes he has seen were actually nerfs, mostly to his ranges. He actually lost 300 range and a fair amount of damage on his Q. They've been struggling to balance him.   The sad part is that according to [Elophant]( he's the least played hero of all time? I have no idea how far back or even how current their data is, but it's just sad. I like his concept and his kit, but his numbers are just weak.   He's also arguably the only irredeemably "ugly" champion. His lore, his model, his kit and his voice work have no humor or charm to them. While obviously as a player I have no problem with this, I'm sure lots of people just think he's gross.
1	The general populous will never become remotely skilled at this game. Your only job is to learn how to carry in literally every role. I was jungling earlier today, and I was expected to gank on mid as they were over extending, and keeping the enemy pushed back past their turret. I was blamed for not doing that gank.
0	As long as you drink a lot of water, are not obese, and get modest amounts of cardio (say 60 minutes a week of good intensity work), you can pretty much eat all the salt and carbs you want without harm.   Many people don't understand that salt doesn't cause high blood pressure.  Salt causes water retention, so people with hardened arteries will experience higher blood pressure with high salt intake increasing plasma volume.  More liquid in a circulatory system that isn't as elastic as it needs to be causes higher blood pressure and creates micro-tears in artery walls that are 'healed' by clumps of LDL cholesterol.  Over time, these build on themselves over and over until they can tear away and land in the brain(stroke) or heart (heart attack) and kill you.   Salt is not to blame, the hardened arteries are.  Salt doesn't make your arteries hard, so reducing intake doesn't help unless you already suffer from this disorder.   The same is true of sugar.  Sugar doesn't cause insulin resistance in the vast majority of the population.  Sugar makes insulin resistance worse in those who are already obese.  >20% of daily calories in simple sugar PLUS obesity is how you become diabetic.  A modestly active person of healthy weight can eat 30 or even 40% of their calories in simple sugar and your body will chew through it like a champion no problem.
1	I've started to main jungle because I feel like I can lead my team to victory the most with that role. Especially with Jarvan as I tend to play. He also works with almost everyone and is great at coming back from a loss to secure a win from behind. I've got a 72.5% win ratio with him now this season from 51 games :)   I used to main ADC or Mid, but I've not played mid a lot because it's the most taken spot by anyone, friends or randoms. So I tend to give it to people who want to play it and main it, that way they are satisfied and will hopefully play their best.   I am probably a better ADC than most people I play with at my level, but unless you are super fed as ADC you can generally not initiate or lead your team into good situations, can also often not help your other teammates as you have to focus on yourself and try to survive the onslaught from the enemy who all try to focus you. You also get blamed for not focusing the enemy ADC or AP, and I've grown tired of trying to explain to my teammates how an ADC has to play and that he can't just run past Zac, Zed and Leona to get to Caitlyn.   I'm also a decent support as mainly Sona (74.1% win ratio from 27 games) and the ADC I have the highest win ratio with is Varus (62.5% from 32 games). I guess I like both of those cause they actually can initiate. :)
1	To add on to this post, I feel like I should say that just because (once you've figured it out) chose a role to "main" doesn't mean that you should just play that role and only that role. You can play it the most. But don't feel entitled to it when with randoms, because you will inevitably come across people who think the same way for the same lane as yours and that is when arguments start.
1	Starcraft doesn't need constant balance patches as there aren't new units being introduced constantly. I used to be high masters in SC2 before swapping to league, honestly SC2 blows LoL out of the water when it comes to certain aspects, I just find the gameplay of mobas so much better than RTS and it's been so long since I even played SC2 (a couple years now) that I don't think it'd be easy adapting.   I don't understand why you bitch about an expansion set, it's new units, new story, refreshed competitive scene. LoL pumps out a new champion every couple months that are still about 10 bucks to unlock each, or I.P if you play enough to get 6300 every time a new champ is out.   Riot replies to things like lye smite requests because the community thinks they are less toxic than someone getting pissed off at another person for a stupid play.   I have been playing LoL as my main game for a few years now, and to be honest dota is just so much better, even CS:GO might creep up on LoL, and I suck at both games. Dota has so many more interesting and complex mechanics like denying, and the champion mechanics are amazingly refreshing when compared to LoL.   And to go back to your whole "SC2 has only had 21 balance changes" at least most of them have been fairly decent, it's not like riot's taking forever to fix skill shots not being visible or not nerfing nid in the places she needs to be nerfed, but obviously because SC2 is a relatively balanced game that doesn't need constant patches rito is obviously better because it takes them 4 patches to fix bugs and then nerf a champ into oblivion because he was amazingly strong after the bug fixes (cough cough azir).   Oh and yea, replay system and basically anything that is half decent for a competitive esport. In CS:GO I have replays, aim maps. In dota I have replays and I think there is a sandbox mode too. LoL still doesn't have replays, we don't have any tools other than grinding games to play to get better. I can't go into a sandbox mode and practice an aspect of play. It's really pathetic when ARAM is the only decent mode to practice team fights and situational awareness above everything else.   I love mobas because of the increased strategy over SC2 where you really only have one build or two build paths (unless you're doing a cheese build), I also hated ZvZ too much to continue playing.   SC2 has had the base game, and now two expansions for about 130-140. It's all upfront, so you'll see it easier as "omg a 40 dollar expansion" but you won't really think about spending 10 bucks every week on LoL skins.
0	I wish this was how I was raised. I remember begging my mom to give me chores/jobs so I could make my own money. She would always just reply with, "What do you need money for when I can just give you everything you need?" It astounds me that this was her stance for so long because she's worked in banking for 20+ years, so you would think that somebody with her experience would encourage her child to learn the value of a dollar.   This dynamic continued into high school when having my own money would have actually been beneficial for me. She told me I could get a job, but she didn't want me to drive until I was 18. I  would  say that she didn't "allow" me to drive or work, but that's not passive-aggressive enough for her. She simply made piles of excuses to not help me hand in job applications or bring me to the DMV.   From her point of view, I knew she thought she was keeping me from doing drugs/drinking/smoking cigarettes for as long as possible. Little did she know, I would steal money from her purse and do just that anyways. I hate that I stole from her, but I also hate that she stunted me socially and financially. I was largely sheltered in many ways and I am paying for that now. I envy people my age who are confident that they can take care of themselves. I'm still under my smother's thumb at 22 and while it's nice to have a safety net, I know that I would be so much more responsible and motivated if i had learned these lessons when there wasn't any risk from failing.
0	Silly human. The surveillance system is global just as the systems of oppression that fuel it are. You're again thinking too small.   It's understandable though. The threat approaching has never before been seen by your people. Though your species really does excel at tyranny, the shackles your tyrants could close around the people have been limited by their geographical reach.   But no longer.   All of your futures are filled with danger. You live in an age of peace among tyrants. And their shackles are closing around the entire world.   But do not fear. Take care of each other and balance will come again.
1	This will never happen because business is business and rito will not give you possibility to earn RP or more IP for champs (you earn IP slowly so want to buy RP for champs at first) its Free to play game with their options to earn money on it. if you don't get it, go back to your kindergarden and stop making shitty posts about shitty gammodes where you want win game and win over 9000 RP/IP/Skins.
1	I think we just talk and don't listen - now I see you understood that I meant the 100th TIME, but I didn't.   Of course it doesn't matter how often Rammus was picked before.   That would indeed be gambler's fallacy.   I only said, that IF you get 100 times IN SUCCESSION (which is highly unlikely, because there are so much more OTHER possibilities), then the RNG might be not working.   I think we should stop arguing. We are both right in what we said, but misunderstood each other.
0	OP forgot to mention that people who also say "I would never want to hurt you", "Trust me", "I would rather die than hurt you," are even worse than the people who say the above. Trust is earned by actions, if they feel like they have to tell you to trust them, then they are going to hurt you. Also if they claim they'd never hurt you, they are probably full of shit. I've had my run ins with more than 2 sociopaths, they always seemed to feel like they needed to convince me. Sadly when you are young and naive you can really end up missing the signs and you can get really hurt. After that I learned if they say certain lines to just run, also if they ever try to insist you feel a certain way, or try to manipulate you slightly at first, run. Basically, run, treat them like scary humans and don't trust them unless they earn your trust and respect.   Also know what you want, look for what you want, and ignore all those who don't fit what you want. If I didn't know what I wanted I wouldn't have found my fiance, I wanted a guy who was my best friend, one that I could literally tell everything to, and be a team that has each other's backs, have similar world views. I found it, sure I met a few sociopaths, got a stalker, and met more horrible people along the way, but I found it. We're getting married this Summer and it's going to be amazing to finally have the same last name as the man I love.
1	To everyone against atma's bonus damage being displayed in game,   are you also against the charpane showing total AP or AD?  i mean, it's "simple math" to add up all your item's bonus AP/AD, add it to your base, add in your runes and masteries, and add in your ap/ad per level for your character.   and, you shouldn't need to see how much gold you've gained, either, right?  it's "simple math" to add in the gold from last hits and turrets and baron/dragon and champion kills.
0	Personally, I would love to see a plan to fundamentally raze Detroit, reallocate the residents, wipe out the political system, and rebuild from the ground up.   It is my understanding that the potential tax base of Detroit is too small to support the budget required to provide basic City Services to the residents.  Too much area, not enough population density, not enough tax payers above the median income level.   In its current state of decline, Detroit is trying to operate as a city without the upper two-thirds of the socioeconomic scale.
1	IM WILLING TO BET SERIOUS MONEY THAT TL LOSES ON PURPOSE BECAUSE PIGLET IS AN ASSHOLE AND THEY DONT WANT TO PLAY WITH HIM.   GONNA GET DOWNVOTED FOR SAYING THE TRUTH... PIGLET IS AN ASSHOLE ANYONE DOWNVOTING IS LIVING IN DENIAL.   GETTING DOWNVOTED FOR TRUTH IS PAR FOR THE COURSE ON THIS SUB THO.
1	As some have already said, Kat is ok now, but I think she is ok to OP. She is definitely good, I just playd 2 games with Kat top and her kit;     allows you to bully and play a fully actioned top lane. Her manaless nature allows for real action, you will never stop spamming your skills and having fun in general.     Farms realy well now, actually deals damage without her ult and W is a great spell.     With an early DFG she might be a bit too good, but with the dfg nerfs I think she will be just fine.     I go 9-21-0 masteries and get Sorcs-Abusal-Haunting-DFG-Hextech, not in that order nessecarily.     That feeling when you get the resets and actually use them perfectly, so good!
0	This is how my boyfriend was for a while. He refused to sleep with the fan off, especially since I apparently turn into a furnace.   Problem being that we live in Colorado where it's already really dry, I have a dry mouth and can barely breathe through my nose, and I also had lasik done which causes significant dry eyes.   His fan running caused me to wake up with eyes so dry they had film on 'em and I could barely see. I developed protein build-ups that would scratch my corneas, and even using an eye-drop overnight gel didn't help enough.   On top of this , I would have to wake up every few hours to get a drink of water since my mouth was as dry as my skin and it was painful on my tongue. It caused my teeth to become brittle and can cause long-term tooth decay. It was so bad that my salivary ducts developed a build-up and became plugged. I still have to get them lanced, and they painfully swell up anytime I salivate excessively(like when smelling yummy food).   We also would get regular nose bleeds, the skin on his hands would crack unless he used a ton of Vaseline before bed, and my skin became super greasy to combat the dryness.   He didn't see a problem with any of it until I showed him one of my swollen salivary glands and grossed him out. We finally don't sleep with the fan on, and our humidifier can do its job. lol
1	I don"t mind not getting the 4-win-ip-boost, but, I DO mind that i got punished for not playing on my account for 1 week and getting 80 games chat - and 40 games ranked restrictions. Same happened to my brother, he was abroad twice in 2 months for 2 weeks and got punished. Neither of us are toxic in any sort of way, we do sometimes get a little mad, but we don't express them in chat.
1	Before the tournament , TSM and the tourny holders agreed that TSM was allowed to stream. ( Note only dyrus was streaming though ) AS LONG AS dyrus had text ( which he did ) running across the top of his stream telling people about GGchronicles casting stream.   Please stop posting false information when you have NO idea what you are talking about.
1	I was expecting a slutty Cosplay like some other...rather "famous" Chick that calls it "Cosplay"
1	This was already possible when the new TT was out. No one really tried. Riot did nothing about it since nobody tries new things anymore.
0	It's extremely hard to "be yourself" in situations and social groups that don't engage you. You may notice that the people who are extremely loud and obnoxious seem to have everyone flock to them, but it's mainly because they are basically throwing their arms in the air, exposing their personality to anyone willing to listen. It gives most people the sort of ice breaker he/she needs to find someone to gravitate to:  loud person (lets call this person Bill for simplicity's sake) Bill appreciates quiet person Sue (again, only for simplicity) because Sue is willing to listen and empathize with Bill; Sue appreciates Bill because Bill fills the void, makes the jokes laughs when Sue makes the occasional joke and is generally good company. While this works, if    Bill stays this goofball who keeps the spotlight firmly on himself and doesn't try to engage with Sue, then Sue will develop this hollow feeling because Bill is not letting her express herself and it will seem like any remark Bill says, Sue agrees with because Sue won't be showing any form of expression aside from embarrassment.  In the meantime, Sue cannot simply leave Bill to engage her because that is forcing Bill to combat a problem that is not being brought to his attention, denying this makes it worse three-fold AT MINIMUM. Wallflowers must voice their opinion as well, for complaining that no one engages them simply begs the question why they haven't engaged others: the answers will be strikingly similar.   This example happens in many different aspects, even family. A way to combat this tense nature: Sue invites Bill to things roughly as often as Bill invites Sue. By making Bill the guest and Sue the host, it gives Sue this established presence that she is the host, which welcomes Bill into her life, it gives Bill a chance to meet on Sue's terms instead of vice versa.
0	In most states this is always true.  In some states, private student loans creditors may go after survivors for the money (even though the federal ones never will).   And don't forget.  When that student loan is cancelled for any reason, even death, it's reported and counted as income by the IRS.  That means that the total amount is taxable as income.  And your family will have to deal with it.
0	Genetics are in everyone's favor.  Especially if one believes that there is no free will, but let's not dwell on that here.   Historically, being fat was a genetic advantage.  Would a woman prefer a skinny non-provider or a fat provider?   Everyone is different and not completely programmed by genetics (mutations or other reasons.)   Nowadays, most women prefer a fit person.   That said, we all have genes mostly inherited, and our ancestors of course had children-- probably a lot of children due to war, famine and disease-- and we all survived those trials, genetically speaking.   EDIT: Added a missing apostrophe.
1	From my experience (I'm a 1600 elo player) When you reach a certain point on the elo ladder, you never ever have any problem getting one of the 2 bottom picks to play support...   Then, at lower elo where it is sometimes hard to get a player to play support, the comp doesn't even matter that much... it's really more about the way you play. I remember a game where 2 retards didn't follow the comp and went jungle twitch when we had a jungle and annie when I had Leblanc. I ended up as leblanc with our not-in-the-jungle-anymore-lee sin bot and we were top 2 picks of our. We got 6 kills to none at bot lane and won the game. That was 1300 elo I think.
1	and you believe that moving to a playerbase with half subscribers and half not will solve it? RIIIGGHHTTT   edit: If you cant win with one of the 450 or 1350 champs, youre far from good. I only play an hour a day if that now. If you think runes and expensive champions are what wins games, please uninstall LoL right now. I can school a lot of Graves,Vaynes, and Kogs as Ashe. Your logic is faulty.   You will always be beat by players who can spend more time and money than you can. This goes without saying that almost everything in life works this same way. If somebody can invest more than you can in life, you will always be behind. Deal with it and stop acting like a whiney 12yo because you don't have 24hrs a day free time to "be a pro".   The better player spends more time and knows strategies you don't even for less "powerful" champions. They work with what they have in ways that you don't. Get over yourself and learn to play for the fun of it. Get a group of friends ( I can imagine that must be hard for you from your rage post) and play with them. You will really see how much individual skill counts towards winning.
1	Not this again... It is really a bad idea and you should know that if you saw other threads like this!   FOR ALL LAZY ONES!
1	at a certain elo people know how to abuse their advantage (a reason people talk about elo hell is that they did get ahead but didn't know how to use their advantage)
0	First off, just for full disclosure, I hate Apple's other products (iPhone, iPod, etc) because of their locked-down nature and the way they basically "license" the product to people. And I think their desktop machines are worthless. But when it comes to their laptops, I have mixed feelings.   The last time I owned a pre-built desktop computer it was a Packard Bell 486 DX/66. Honestly, with how easy it is to build a PC nowadays, there is no excuse for buying overpriced computers from Dell, Apple, or any other big manufacturer. Unless you are ordering large amounts of machines for a business environment, where uniformity and mass RMA's are needed on a regular basis, there is no reason to not build your own machine. I was able to instruct my girlfriend over the phone on how to upgrade the HDD, Videocard, and RAM in her mother's computer without any prior knowledge of how to do it. I was able to instruct my father, who has little experience touching the inside of computers, how to replace his motherboard, mount a CPU, and install RAM and a videocard (full upgrade) over the phone as well. If a 65 year old non-technical man can do it, so can you.   As for laptops, I have mixed feelings. In my mind, Apple laptops are just another brand of laptop. They use the same basic parts as a PC laptop, all they do is run different software. So in the end you are paying for the name (Apple), the look (this is the most common thing I've heard "Mac's just look better"), and the operating system. My real issue with Apple's laptops are their price. You aren't paying all that extra money for anything you can't get on a PC Laptop running Windows in the end. As good, or as bad, as you think the Mac OS is, in the end you are getting the same machine. Personally, I'd rather pay 1/2 the price for a windows based laptop that is infinitely more compatible with the world than an Apple laptop. If that means that I have to replace it twice as much, then it all evens out in the end anyway. And that way my hardware stays more up to date as well.   Also it really comes down to what you want to do with that laptop. If you want to game, and are looking to buy a desktop replacement machine, then buying an Apple laptop is going to disappoint you. If you are just going to use it to take notes in a class, or for internet and word processing, light video editing, etc, then an Apple laptop might be fine for you. Just don't freak out when it costs more than a new PC-based laptop to repair.   Source: I've built my own PC's since 1997 and have run a small business building PC's since 2000.
1	i get so sad when i read stuff like this. Sad in a "there is really no hope for the future of video games" kinda way. I guess i should just be happy that i had the pleasure to enjoy games till now.   That
1	As a plat who is currently sitting in the middle of golds and occasionally silvers (and actually unrankeds too)...   If you live up to the ELO bracket that you are at, we won't complain.   Usually the first thing I call out a silver bracket player for is their attitude in game. The amount of complaining on average. When somebody suggests trundle support, instant complaining. Gold players might say that it's stupid, and plat players might say "no" or just not anything at all, but silver players will cry about it instantly.   The next thing is map awareness and throws and the like. At higher ELOs, we expect big macro game decisions to be obvious (and tbh, this is the most identifying factor of elo brackets last season), and when a game is thrown because your silver player keeps getting caught with his pants down late game or seen bot lane when baron's up or refuses to back/heal/buy before the other team rushes baron because he wants to farm jungle, it is actually the silver player's fault and this type of inconsistency in the games irks us to the greatest degree.   The same shit also applies to mechanics that should have been learned (a move is the main one here, but stuff like poorly timed (read impatient) AoE ults count too). If we lose a teamfight because your silver player who belongs in silver doesn't know how to teamfight....   To me, at least for the first few weeks, I will judge you by your badge first, then your s3 elo. Last season I climbed to plat twice, and the elo reset didn't magically make silver or gold players better.   so yea
0	If OP wanted to get his attention he could of used his horn or hazard lights or changed lanes and tried to signal him.   How is putting his car is a position where it might get hit trying to get attention, and not simply  trying to cause a collision   So basically, if I want to get the attention of another driver I use my horn, hands, or light. I don't try to hit them with my car or make them hit my car. I don't even open up that  possibility , like OP did.
1	I'm afraid most Korean's attitude toward this issue has grown from 'negativity' to fury   There's an thread(?) in Inven that reached Inven's first page with 120 upvotes and it has a lot of swearing words plus an explicitly negative opinion about 2014 Worlds and Riot's decision.(In inven, the number of upvotes a person can use is limited to 3 per day so it's quite a big number) And that writing is calling for a boycott.  hope I can translate it but i'm not really good at translating so..
0	I drive a jeep and stay off of the interstate as well as I can. She just doesn't get up and go like she used to and that pisses a lot of people off when I'm trying to merge onto the highway.  I'm sure everyone who has driven a car has seen these dicks trying to cut in and I'm sure that at least one person in this thread belongs to this class of nuisance driver. I can't stand it. The area I live in is expanding quite rapidly and essentially there are four towns along the highway running north-south that result in a conurbation type of situation here. More people show up every day and traffic congestion is absolutely insane during rush hour.  I take evening classes at the local university and, of course, I have to deal with it multiple times a week. I see these people daily, and surely like most of you, I try to remain passive. Sometimes when someone decides that their time is more important than mine and they try to cut in front of me or a huge line trying to exit the interstate, I will give them a nice fully blown double eagle and then lay on my horn. One of these days I want one of those fucks to get out of their car and try to threaten me. (I keep a crowbar next to my seat on the floorboard incase of automobile accidents.)
1	My theory on this stuff and the new icon system:  "So this new system for icon earning, I figured it out. Purely because I am obsessed with lore. The rules for the new system are you need to win 10 games with 1 of the three lower level icons everyone will have. If you do so without swapping your icon to one of the other 3 lower level ones then you unlock a higher level icon. You can only have 1 of the higher level icons owned at any time. Seems cool and nifty but why these rules? Well we got to look at all the lore stuff they are doing. three groups are now waring in Freljord. Trundle trading his tribe for his life to the Ice Queen as one of the groups. Anivia finding an ally in Ashe for another. And Volibear teaming up with Senjuani to defeat the darkness for the third group. Three icons - Three groups. My prediction for the icons is that the three basic ones will be Trundle, Volibear, and Anivia. Using one for ten game wins gives you the force they joins icons (Ashe, Senjuani, or Lissandra). I'm assuming the reason for only being able to pick one is they want you to pick sides. There is going to be some huge event coming to League soon to release all this and they want us on different teams for it. I really hope I am right, and that this turns out as awesome as it could be. It also is a reason for them using placeholder images for the testing on PBE.
1	nice promo... but nothing to be hyped about. as far as iam aware Diamond and Edward still need to fly back and fourth each week from Russia to Germany? right? so its safe to assume this team might aswell end up last place in the LCS. Alex pointed out how taxing the traveling was, same thing Genja said in his post retirement statement. I dont believe it will be any different for Diamond and Edward.
1	Currently, in order to get the FWotD bonus I have to win a game everyday (or every 22 hours, to be exact). In order to maximize my IP gains from this bonus, I have to log in and win a game every single day.   If it was reset at a specifc time (let's say, 8pm) I could log in on a Monday at 7pm and get the FWotD bonus and then play again at 8:05 and get another FWotD bonus (Tuesday's bonus). I wouldn't need to log in and play again until Wednesday at 7pm to still be maximizing my IP gains.   Riot would like you to log in and play their game once every day rather than twice every other day. Something to do with psychology and "attach rates" and whatnot.
1	The nerf to tri-force and the boost in the iceborn gauntlets made a big difference. Maybe not as much as his nerfs, but the item changes sealed the deal.   Also, the Black Cleaver gives corki quite a bit of competition for his E. What can corki do now? Every little thing that he has can be matched or is already gone.   Tally:     The slow is less reliable     The armor shred needs you to be as close as the stalker just outside the shower curtains :D (sorry for this)     Blind?     Ultimate? Oh! that thing that's worse than Ez's Q after he gets iceborn?     His q isn't too bad, but you need to be close.
1	I watch him because I think that it's fun to watch his stream and I learn a lot from it. I didn't read the whole thing, I just read the
0	I was on a train once with my boyfriend and this mother and her daughter were sitting at a table. A drunk gets on and sits close to them. He starts off very talkative and everything seems okay (afterwards my bf told me he didn't think so). Anyway, something happens (I don't remember what) and the drunk starts hurling abuse at the mother. I don't realise at first as I can barely work out what he's saying and he's using regional derogatory terms (I think at the time I originally thought he was talking to someone on a phone -- I couldn't see him). I stand up, turn around, and  politely  ask him to stop. Saying that this person is the child mother and it's really not very nice to treat her like that. He stands up and walks up close to me and asks what I'm going to do about it -- obviously wants to get into a fight. Now I suppose I could have been persuaded to punch him. He is pretty drunk and doesn't look very co-ordinated. But I see the child again and know I don't want to show her that violence is the answer. I sit down and am in a bit of an odd state -- my adrenaline has spiked because I nearly thought I was going to get into a fight, but I backed out and I'm upset to how much a douche this guy is. Anyway, he thinks he's won and starts hurling abuse again. I can't take it any more and storm off in search of the train manager. I tell him what happened (I guess I must have seen a bit shaken) as he looks pretty concerned and follows me immediately. On the way he asks double checks the story and asks if I'd like to press charges (to which I decline). When we arrive the drunk crumples in the face of an authority figure and is made to leave the coach and kicked off at the next stop.
1	if you weren't suppossed to drive at 150mph on the street the cars should't have the option".   is a stupid argument, features exist and so do rules to regulate them.   you have chat, but if you use the chat to annoy people you get banned. you have emotes, but if you use emotes to annoyt people you get banned.
1	I understand you did it for the math and it's not worth it but did you consider the fact that most people (like myself) are rich as fuck and I don't give a shit how much I spend on this game? I'll start a noob account put a 3 day XP and IP boost and stack a 30 win IP and XP boost on top of that.
1	Thresh' s kit is well designed, because all the abilities work well and synergise with each other, as per, the kits of lee sin, vi or vel'koz. All of his kit revolves around one central theme; his being a prison warden, that enjoys torture. He's supposed to lock you down. He's supposed to make you fearful. Everything in his kit is built to achieve that, and mesh together to form a champion, not a set of four individual skills that have seemingly no interplay between them (I'm looking at you, taric and soraka).   Another example of a well designed support is lulu, built around the concept of being as annoying as humanely possible. She's a deranged, misunderstood yordle that just wants to play, with sometimes adverse effects for the recipients health. Her kit works together, and makes her the champion that she is.   Compare them to, say, Soraka, a champion with an extremely poorly designed kit (in my opinion) and you'll see what I mean. Calling stars upon your enemies, and silencing them, while serving as a portable fountain for your team. Where's the interplay? Where is the cohesive champion ideal? Where's the mechanical difficulty that makes a game rewarding and fun? It simply isn't there.   Thresh and lulu, along with many other recent champions are the models that we should be basic all other champions around, and should not be nerfed into the same state as their poorly designed, four year old counterparts. I'd rather have well designed champions that are fun to play be in the meta, whilst everything else is gradually brought up to the same level than all of said champions being nerfed into redundancy to allow for their 4-year old, poorly designed peers to take the limelight. That wouldn't be healthy for the overall future of the game.
1	My Internet sucks big donkey balls (Welcome to Australia folks!) so anything higher than 480 is just going to end up like a slideshow, even 480 at times is tough to stream. With own3d, I couldn't see anyway to change the resolution, so it was stuck on 720 or something liek that, and was always getting the buffer icon.   Twitch on the other hand seems to give me this option of changing it to whatever resolution I want, even 240! So personally, I'm watching more streams because its on Twitch.   Well... I would be, if it wasn't for Spectator Mode.
1	To be honest, Riot should just start being smart, and make it so when you enter queue, you can choose what roles you are able to, and interested in playing, and put together a standard meta setup on the base of that. This would further encourage people to pickup supports, cause if there is a lack of supports in the queue, the people ticking off "interested in playing support" would get through the queue faster.   This also ensures that people who are going to flat out troll if they dont get their role, have the option of waiting a little longer to be sure to get the role they want, thus reducing trolling.   This system is something World of warcraft already uses when using the dungeon finder, and I think it's brilliant.   The only downside to this, is that it locks the meta into jungler - top - mid - support - ad carry, however, I personally find that a fair trade for a pleasant experience in solo queue, rather than the thing we're stuck with now, where I am currently avoiding solo queue, simply because it's filled with trolls and unpleasant experiences all over the place - and I'm not even stuck in elo hell (1650+ elo).
1	Ended up in a 5v5 normal draft game vs him/his team Thursday night with my team of: Gold 5, Silver 4, Silver 5, Bronze/Unranked, low Bronze/Unranked. His team was plat, plat, he was on his gold5 smurf, then Silver 1 and I think an unranked.   I wish I understood how our team gets matched up against people like that. I appreciate playing vs people better than me for the opportunities to lane against, but my Silver 5 friend being in lane vs someone that much better than him is almost an auto loss, even ignoring the double plat bot lane vs our two bronze/unrankeds.   What the hell is wrong with Riot's matchmaking?  Our collective opinion is that the system is too unwilling to wait more than 20 seconds for a 'better' 5v5 matchup. Instead as we approach the 30s mark in queue, we tend to get worse and worse matchups.   That said, his team regularly taunted us and talked trash, generally douchey and toxic behavior that deserves reports. What kind of person sees that they're matched up against someone of much worse ranking and rubs it in their face? It's such a ridiculous notion. Yeah yeah, it's the internet, toughen up, standard (and irrelevant) responses. Just be a normal person!   And we didn't even do that poorly - our Fizz mid was quite fed, but we were too far behind as a team to win real fights.
0	No one will ever "understand women" because there's nothing to understand. The problem with this thinking is that it assumes 50% of the population is a homogeneous group with one viewpoint, one set of beliefs, etc (same goes for men, of course).  Do you act like a bro-dude frat boy?  You don't?   Do you conclude that men are strange and bizarre creatures?   This is simply in-group vs out-group thinking.  You assume the people in the other group think and act en masse, while you see variation and individuality in your own group.  And, you attribute behaviors of the out-group members to her "out-groupness", so to speak (ie, to her gender), and attribute behaviors of men to the individual.
0	I ask you to please keep an open mind for what I'm about to say, because it may not agree with your political opinions. You may not even be interested in such discussion, but since you brought up a very interesting issue, I thought I'd give an honest response.   I'll start by saying that society is not that simple. I sympathize entirely with your notion that you don't want to pay for other people's financial troubles when those troubles were essentially brought upon themselves. However, and this is the big however that is the foundation of my argument, consider that these people's financial troubles are highly influenced by powers out of their own control. I'm talking about political influence which affects the socioeconomic dynamics of a country over a period of decades.   Society is not fair. Some times citizens will be responsible for paying for problems which they did not directly or consciously cause. Unintended side effects of political maneuvering over decades is really what we're talking about here.   Consider this extreme thought experiment: What if your parent's and grandparent's generations voted into office a government whose platform was to take out a loan from another country so that everyone in the US could have 20 Chevy convertibles. The loan would be so large, that your generation would have to pay this loan despite not ever having a say in the matter.   In a similar way, today's poor in the US are at least partially victims of what has been slowly occurring over decades without their say. They have no money and therefore no political power and therefore have no voice. You and I didn't directly cause any of this, but our government and country did over a period of decades. Are we just to leave their further situation to further diminish? That's where the responsibility comes. If you're hiking on a mountain and you pass a man with a broken leg, do you leave him there saying it isn't your problem? Is there not some social contract that we have all entered?   I'm not suggesting communism. But we could at least help even the odds in this game we call mixed capitalism. Education, for example, is socialized and yet underperforming schools are punished for underperforming and therefore receive  less  funds instead of more. Of course, the poorest performing schools are found in poor areas. Metaphorically speaking, we are giving AK-47s to those children fortune enough to be born in wealthy areas, and giving poor children no weapons. Then we send them out onto the warzone that we call "life" and we blame them when they lose every fight. Let's at least arm them properly.
1	I wanted to talk a little bit about game 1 of this series, kind of as a case study for starting to look at S3 Worlds. So MVP Ozone set up basically the best possible scenario for themselves in the  early turret  style of gameplay. First turret for them fell at 6:53, they immediately backed off and they had all recalled by 7:10,  despite  the fact that Singed isn't much of a threat to them and Elise had already backed off.   I wanted to contrast that scenario with the  iG vs OMG match in week 3 of LPL this season  take bottom turret both around the 4 minute mark. iG top does pretty much what Ozone do -- Jarvan goes to jungle, Nami stops autoing the waves, and Twitch sets in to farm rather than hard-push lane (watch how slowly his next 6 CS come in). Meanwhile, Cait, Elise, and TF realize that only Ryze is there to stop them, and Ryze is such a small threat, so what do they do? They go balls deep and take tier 2 bot turret at  4:40 ! If that isn't crazy enough, they realized that still nobody was recalling to contest them, so what do they do? Go balls deeper and take the inhibitor turret at 5:15. Only after iG realized they could lose an inhibitor at the 6 minute mark, they recalled and forced OMG off their turret.   I wanted to use this point as a jumping off point to get us talking about how the regions will face off against one another at Worlds. I think China will be really strong at Worlds because their meta currently revolves around wringing every ounce of advantage out of any possible situation. Ozone played the "standard early-game push" really well, and it resulted in a 1 turret and dragon 1.5k gold lead advantage at 8 minutes into the game. Meanwhile, if you watch the Royal/PE match during week 5, PE lost early-game pressure on all their lanes for like 30 seconds, during which Royal took a tower and rotated their lanes to take a dragon, rotated their shopping trips, and within a span of 3 minutes, all by 8 minutes into the game, had created an  8k gold lead  for themselves. This is what I mean by saying that they squeeze more out of the advantage than the standard play.
1	TBH can't tell if sarcasm or not, but I will still answer this.   The thing is IMO you should only cs when you are going to cap a turret alone to cap it faster. Otherwise it is too time consuming because being at the turret 10secs faster can really make a difference in winning or losing the game.   Also capping the turret before all enemies spawn again is really a must. I see so many people pushing cs while they couldve gotten the turret for 'free' and by the time they and the cs arrive at the turret the enemy is already back.   You get enough gold for capping turrets, kills and assists.
1	watch this. also while you're at it use this to make a hoverboard.   EDIT: for
0	Well, the problem is that she didn't make an effort out of the gym. Really 60% of weight loss is about what you eat. I'd ask her in the morning when I was driving her to the gym what she ate for breakfast and she'd say something like "oh poptarts and cereal"... neither of which I would endorse for a weight loss diet...  And honestly, no. I mean I have crazy standards, I was an extreme athlete, training 5 hours a day for competitive swimming. I don't expect anyone to be as extreme as I was... But, I know that someone meandering at a leisurely pace for 30 minutes will not be enough for weight loss. Yes, it is a healthy activity (of which I do endorse!), but really my point was: if she wanted to lose the weight she would have done more than walk for 30 minutes on the treadmill. So again, it is a great activity, but no. It is not enough. Her diet, and lack of exercise that got her heart rate up was not enough.
0	It's true. Eating healthy for an overweight or obese person feels terrible. It's because the brain receives stimulus if you typically consume large amounts of sugar and/or fats.
1	Oh god, I have a friend just like this.   Me being in gold and my friend being in Plat, when playing normals we get people ranging from high gold to low Diamond (Occasionally).   He's currently Bronze 1 and "doesn't play ranked" but when we got into higher tiers he decided he now wants to play ranked ( What a coincidence ) but everytime we go into a game with him, he either feeds or gets killed by the jungle and blames lag when it's obvious he's not having any problems.   Me and my friend normally play ranked games when he's online because it puts him off playing because he apparently still doesn't like ranked, even after complaining about not getting the border this season.   I'd just say, get another friend to play with you, it may be cruel, but it is kind of funny watching them slowly feed and get worse, currently every game my friend seems to feed or do something so ridiculously weird and disgracefully bad that it's worth a good laugh.
1	Some thoughts about game changes from a Silver 5 support main:   Biggest change in that time was the jungle.  New jungle hurts a lot so you will probably go back soon after first few camps. The changes are big enough that you would probably be wise to invest a little time into watching a VOD or two (I recommend foxdrop). Short summary: upgrade machete early, smite the raptors once you don't need other buffs to survive, river crabs are amazing, and dragon rewards a buff instead of pure gold; this buff is important to secure early because getting 5x dragon buff is about the only way low elo players know how to finish a game.   Lee can thrive in the new jungle, and his early dueling damage combined with damage of the jungle creeps themselves can make for some scary counter-jungling.  J4 has been a go-to jungler for a few patches, and if you intend to jungle you should probably learn the beautiful disaster that is Nidalee jungle.   Mid: I don't really play mid but DFG is gone and I know that makes mid sad. Assassins in general seem to be struggling. Mana regen also got nerfed so resource-less champs came in to favor.   Top: still an island. Gnar release made sure every in-meta top laner could deal with his nonsense. Ryze nerf took him out of common play, but most of the other big players are still around.   ADC: Graves's rise to power was completed by the Kalista release since he can deal with her and hasn't been nerfed yet.  With the return of short range adcs, Sivir can survive lane again so she is seeing a lot of play.   Support: Games are lasting longer and ADCs are more relevent so peel and protect are seeing a lot of emphasis. May the reign of Janna be long and prosperous. Tanky supports feel mediocre at best, so Blitcrank is doing lots of fisting.
1	Ezreal is way harder to mess up with because his Q has 750(?) range and his E has a very low cooldown, especially when you hit your Qs.   Also Ez's e is a blink his ult is a global etc.   Ez isn't nessecarily harder to play than lucian but rather puts weak points on different things on lucian.
1	I looked at KR yesterday hopeing thinking yay vayne is on sale I can get her.   NOPE!
0	Okay.  So we will call this charming young lady Sarah (no where near her real name).  Our manager is busy counting a drawer and forgot to lock the door at nine, which isn't that big of a deal... who comes into a closed restaurant?  Well, this one guy did and he proceeded to order a salad after the salad line had been cleaned and stripped of all its utensils.  Well fuck... looks like we have to make a salad.  Sarah is in the back washing dishes when I go back there to get a ladle for salad dressing.  She freaks out and tells me "DEY DAWN DEW DAT BAK WA I AM FRAM!!" I just shrug it off and tell her that its only one customer and go make that salad.  As I am bringing her the ladle back so she can wash it again I walk in on her half chanting/half screaming.  This has obviously attracted the attention of the bakery workers and my manager.  She was in some weird trance-like state and I honestly can't even begin to describe what was being said or what I heard.  It was the oddest thing I have ever seen and no one said anything to her during the whole little ceremony.  At the end of it she said "I GUESS WE SEE HAW MAWCH HE BE LIKIN' DAT SALAD TOMORROW!"  She then told us she chanted a Maroon (i think it was maroon... it was a color) tribe curse over his food to make him fall ill.  The manager cut her hours and eventually she quit.  This was before the store hit a rough spot economically, I told the manager he had gotten the store cursed and I'm pretty sure he believes it.
0	Do you think those atrocities would simply cease to be if there were no longer religious establishments, or even religious practicings. The way I see it, there are a lot of positive aspects to religion (speaking to my own experience at least) and most of the negative actions are "done in the name of" religion or beliefs but are just vailed justifications and are more a product of human nature or degradation of human nature that would exist with different rationales behind them should religion ever be taken out if the equation. Should the religious institution ever fail, we wouldn't all live happily ever after, but another institution would take its place and be the basis and justification for equally terrible actions.
0	lie = roughly the same action you do yourself   lay = something you do to an object   The problem is the past tense of "lie" is "lay" so shit gets confused. (The past tense of lay is laid.) And then there's past participles. It's really a nightmare.   The only way I can think of to help sort things out is to remember that it requires someone else to get laid but you can lie about it all on your own.   But that is probably only helpful for native speakers, because there's the "getting laid" idiom to unpack, as well as the unrelated verb "lie" to tell a falsehood.
0	I don't think "Pride movements" are any kind of real solution. I think they only serve to further draw the line. In a general sense, people who internally devalue any particular group aren't going to see that group's personal pride in their identity and suddenly say "oh yeah, I guess they do have value." I think a generally more common reaction is to understand that personal pride as a "screw you, I don't care what you think cause I like myself" and have further distaste for said group.   I'm willing to be completely wrong, and I hope I am. I know that of course there are individuals who will take up the cause of others but generally those individuals are not already maligning others. That is to say, individual A supports individual B's cause, taking pride in their difference. Individual A probably did not already hate individual B. Individual C does hate individual B and says "stupid individual B, they have nothing to be proud of."   I do think it's important, though, for those underclasses to recognize their own personal value for their own emotional and mental wellbeing. I am not at all trying to say that there should be any sort of suppression to "pride movements."
1	I think that this meta is too limited on what champs can participate in most of the roles. This would make it prone to being completely dismantled by bans (if it ever became adopted as the new meta).   However, the idea is great in the sense that you would have obscene objective control with the proper coordination.   One thing you may have overlooked is that you are assuming that both your chosen jungler would be able to completely dominate the opposing jungle. The enemy jungler in the current meta will usually start on one side or the other with great protection. This would limit your jungler on that side pretty badly. I feel like, even though the concept of your idea would eliminate the whole 'support taking one for the team' thing, that someone is going to be taking that hit regardless because of the way half the resources are not guaranteed to 2 players. Passive, defensive play could easily undermine the entire strategy.   I also am wondering if CV fits in anywhere in this because it seems that it'd be most useful with this kind of playstyle, who would take it? Also, it seems like because of the champion limitation for this composition, your team could end up heavily melee and lack a lot of range...
0	I just got done with one of these characters. I am not a touchy person and made this very clear from the beginning, but this guy insisted on hugging me every 5 minutes. So, that was the first thing that turned me off. The second was his femininity, this guy was just so damn nice. He agreed with everything I said, so it made it quite difficult to hold a conversation with him. I told him he was too nice, and he said "I'm sorry." We had sex and he couldn't stop thanking me, so much so that I started feeling extremely uncomfortable about having sex with him.   I finally get to the point where I decide that I just don't really like him and cannot put up with these conditions. I told him that I wasn't interested in him and let him know. He starts texting me all crazy saying he was going to come over and I don't text him back. Sure as shit, he came over. He knocked on my door and scared the hell out of me. I didn't think he was actually going to come over. So I tell him that he needs to leave because he was not invited here. It wasn't until I answered the door with my USMC NCO sword that he finally left.   Fast forward about a week later, I am hitting up my friends with benefits for a little [somethin' somethin']( and dude text me to see what I was up to. I got a text from the friends with benefits so I went to that one first. Somehow as I was typing my phone switched to the ex's text instead. My text that was a little NSFW got sent to my ex instead, who states that he was going to come over. I learned my lesson last time, so I told him that he needed to stay wherever he was at. Now he gets mad at me because I am talking to another person behind his back, after I had broken it off with him.   Finally got rid of him after about two weeks of plain ignoring him. So yeah, over attached boyfriends are out there, and they are just as crazy as women. I have had my fair share of overly attached girlfriends as well, they are equally as awful and I do not wish that upon my own worst enemy.
0	I can understand where you're coming from and although the guys that replied to you are getting downvoted for some reason despite them admitting they don't mind larger areolas, I for one have dated girls with small, large, and almost nonexistent areolas (yes, and trust me it looks more awkward than larger areolas) and personally it hasn't effected my opinion or sexual experience with them.   I also, as a man have larger areolas than most men, although its nothing  major, it has made me self conscious when I was younger. Since then, no woman has ever cared, so I am a little bias when it comes to men having a small peen as more demoralizing and emasculating than having a large pair of areolas would be.   Like you said too, a woman/man can get an areola reduction, a man cannot get a penis enlargement...they don't exist (as far as I know).   Edit:
0	Why should this be BS?   I am a freelancer, but I went to a company recently to talk to them about some basic work they needed doing. We agreed that I would start as soon as they could train me as required.   After a couple of calls to arrange things they told me everything was delayed, but they want me to do some management work towards a new project which is far better for my career and will probably bring me right into the company almost full time, better paid than most of my work.   So except for the fact that I will be working on contract not employed the same happened to me. Now all I need is enough time to do it all.
1	Place a pink in your jungle befroe you buy your last item.     2-3 Sweepers on a team is good since the other team will again have the same problem with lack of wards as you.     With sightstone and 2-3 ward trinkets you shoud have 5-6 wards on the map at most times along with at least 2 pinks if people are doing their job.     If they made the game where it was light up "like a christmas tree" late game there would be 0 chance that a team that is behind could catch someone out to get chance to 5v4 for the win. At that point it would come down to who had the better poke/dive comp to end the game.
1	Maybe but I have been through quite some games and I don't want to "train" myself (maybe because I don't play much ranked) and there are games when you know your only hope is a disconnect from the enemy carry or a really big mistake from the whole enemy team - and it happens sometimes - but it's really rare. I'll enjoy more a close defeat because even if you lose, you know you've been battling fiercely.
0	Let me explain.  The lyrics "In the meadow we can build a snowman and PRETEND that he is parson brown He will say are you married we will say NO MAN but you can do the job when your in town" They are not married but pretending to be as a it is not really parson brown but a snowman... and a snowman cannot legally marry people.... (as far as I know) Then the Lyrics " Later on baby we will CONSPIRE as we dream by the fire to face unafraid the plans that we made walking in a winter wonderland.....  CONSPIRING being a euphemism for banging by the fire.... the plans that they made while walking in the winter wonderland were to bang.......
1	I guess. I just wish there were a better way to play with new friends than smurfing. I used to play on my main with new friends back when I was silver and they told me they hated the game because they died so much/just couldn't figure it out, so I can only imagine how skewed it would be now. They just didn't understand the handicap they were at because of the matchmaking. Hell, a girl I met at Uni is god awful and I invite her to games with me and friends and she'll proceed to feed like mad every game to the point that she'll rage quit (after game) just because it's just not possible for her to compete at her current level in the game. And mind you she's level 14 now, so not necessarily brand new to the game(we all remember our first game lol... not knowing i should buy more than my doran's shield on vlad until 28 minutes in.) The only answer currently is smurfing and not slaughtering new guys, while giving them helpful advice.
0	This started out as a super long post, but I deleted to write it simply. (It turned out long still... oh well.)   I'm 36, I've been shaving my head since 2001.  I've used mega-five-blade premium razors, and rinky-dink bic disposables.  Gone through countless products trying to find the right shave.  And here's where I've landed:   Tools:  Old fashioned Merker safety razor. Platinum coated safety blades (you can buy a box of 100 from Amazon for $9.99.)  Styptic pencils (because sometimes you hic-cup or cough.  or your wife startles you.) $0.99 can of Barbasol   The process: Rule zero: let the blades do the work.  Don't apply pressure against your scalp- just pull the blade along the surface.  Doing things nice and soft-touched means you'll only ever either cut hair or cut nothing at all.   If your stubble has grown out a bit, you'll have to trim it back with trimmers.  Otherwise, you'll gunk up your blade-- but it can be done.   Wet your head with hot water-- or just shave after a good shower.   Apply a thin lather of Barbasol.   Draw the blade across your scalp in long strokes.  I do front to back til just past my crown, starting in the middle and working out toward my ears, then invert the blade and do the back of my head.  Overlap the sides of the strokes like you're mowing a lawn.  Around the ears, I do one stroke around the base of the ear, then feathery strokes radiating out away from the ear.  I wouldn't worry about grain in this pass.   (If you're using a safety razor, remember that the blade has two sides and rotate your razor once in a while.)   If your stubble has grown out, you'll need to do short, feathery, overlapping strokes for everything and rinse your blade often.   When you get to the back of your head, don't get lazy.  Remember, no pressure, just a light graze over your skin.   If the blade starts to stick, rinse your head and reapply the thin lather.   After an initial shave, I'll run my hand over my scalp feeling for left over sandpapery stubble.  I find the grain and just give them a light once-over (against the grain) until it feels smooth.   After all is said and done, rinse your head and analyze your shave.  If the water stings your head, you're applying pressure and scraping skin.  Check your fingers for blood- sometimes you just have little pimples or moles that like to catch the blade.  You'll get used to where they are and take precautions.  Also, sometimes you just catch your ear when you're in a hurry.   Apply styptic pencil as needed.  Just wet the pencil, and rub it against your scalp til you feel the sting.  Then hold it for about four to ten seconds.  Rinse and DRY your styptic pencil, else it will erode into a craggy mess.   That's all there is to it.  Slightly rough stubble will recede as your head dries and return to baby bottom smoothness.   A final tip i'll leave you with: you'll probably shave over a sink, so you have to consider cleanup.  I let the hot water trickle into the stopped up basin and usually finish shaving before the sink fills.  I then drain it very slowly which allows the shavings to stick to the basin.  Once drained, I grab a wad of toilet paper and sop up all the hair and toss it into the toilet, then just rinse whatever's left over down the drain.
0	Really though, the decent thing to do would have been to gone back to her place and then left just before sex, cause now she probably just picked someone else up, someone with less morals. Maybe they're diseased, and now she might pass that disease on to her boyfriend unknowingly, who then passes it on to HIS mistress, and maybe his mistress is your sister.
0	Straight white male here. My girlfriend is Thai and she's as racist as fuck. My ex wife is Brazilian and they're the most racist cunts I've ever lived amongst.
1	Well it might be kinda confusing/complicated, but ill try my best to explain it. But to start off, I am at platinum IV right now. This is all based on my experience. Experience may vary from different divisions.   When you are in a heated 5v5 for a turrent, the defending team has to do their best to protect the tower from taking any damage, and it is more advantageous for them to fight under tower, not away from it. While for the offensive team, it is disadvantageous to even initiate and fight at tower and so they will try to take some free shots on the enemy tower.   Alright so then we are at defending, it is completely situational to be able to "lock them up" in defending a turrent. The enemy team is usually smart enough to not engage and fight under tower. In defending tower, it is not smart to engage other team either, unless they are separated.   So in offensive, trying to take tower. Fighting under tower is a no no. No matter the team comp or the league, fighting under tower is always a no no. Teams cannot always do anything while trying to get a tower. Only pretty much the adc and the mid lane can attack tower if he/she is ranged. Pretty much, a melee champion cannot attack towers and if the champion does, he will be dead because he will be directly under tower.
0	Im going to say this to clear up some stuff in regards to americans and tipping.   What is the minimum wage for workers who receive tips?   The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) requires payment of at least the federal minimum wage to covered, nonexempt employees.  An employer of a tipped employee is only required to pay $2.13 an hour in direct wages if that amount plus the tips received equals at least the federal minimum wage, the employee retains all tips and the employee customarily and regularly receives more than $30 a month in tips. If an employee's tips combined with the employer's direct wages of at least $2.13 an hour do not equal the federal minimum hourly wage, the employer must make up the difference.   Some states have minimum wage laws specific to tipped employees. When an employee is subject to both the federal and state wage laws, the employee is entitled to the provisions which provides the greater benefits.   Source:
0	I didn't post that link because I thought the post was, "cool," or whatever the fuck you think I posted it for. I posted it because of the comments. There is much whining and gnashing of teeth that someone would DARE question the integrity of white people. There's a thousand comments along the lines of, "oh, I guess if I'm white, I can't complain." Whine whine whine.   Now look at the comments from this post, there's plenty of, "oh c'mon, it's just Advice Animals, you can't take it seriously," or, "bitches totally don't want to work as hard as men. Word, brah!" The hypocrisy in the comments is the point, not the post.
1	But what if there's a small bit that's actually good about it?  There can be gold sitting in a middle of a huge, steaming pile of shit, that doesn't mean it's worth any less.  Those gems that can be found in the show are the reason a lot of people watch.  Not because they want Thoorin shit talking people.   I haven't watched the latest episodes.  I watched the one with Loco, and then the one with Zion, and it genuinely made me cringe to see how much changed from the Loco episode to the Zion episode.  Loco might be crazy, but he can bring a lot of insight with him and can handle the shit talking from Thoorin.  With Zion there, and all the loaded questions, he just sort of closed up and didn't want to talk about anything because Thoorin was basically bullying him to say stuff.  That's not how it should be.   Granted, there were still good parts to that episode, but that doesn't mean that the show is good.   And you're correct.  We don't have to watch it.  When there's basically nothing else out there that we can watch, what do you suggest we do though?  There are so many Travis interviews.  There are only so many recent Vlogs.  The problem isn't just with the content of the show, it's with the fact that there really isn't anything else to watch instead of it.  It's the only one of it's kind.  Sadly, Thoorin is the problem with the show.  He might know what he's talking about, but he's also just a general douche to everybody.  Except Monte.  He'll suck Monte's dick just because of Koreans.   I'm fine with a little bit of trashtalking.  It's all in good fun.  When half of your show consists of talking down to people in a rude way instead of trying to give everybody else some general insight as to what teams need to do to step up their game and turn their season around, there's a problem.  Yes, people will watch your show.  Cause you're the only one of it's kind.  That doesn't mean that your shit smells like roses.  And it doesn't give you a free pass to be a dick about things.   Gimme some insight.  Gimme some real talk.  Don't be afraid to get your hands dirty about teamwork and if you think a player is just generally underperforming.  Don't be a dick about it.  Have some fucking respect because you can't do what that player does on a weekly basis.
1	and like i said, i dont care about nationality, i dont care whether he's playing in EU or NA. He could be playing in Brazil for all i care, i am saying NA did not develop the talent of their imported players. They were developed in whatever regions they learned to play the game. Fenix, Lustboy, Impact, Rush learnt to play the game in KR solo Q. NA had 0 participation in the development of these players. Same for XWX and CN solo Q. Same for Bjergsen and EUW solo Q. He learned to play the game on EUW solo q, vs other mid laners in EUW and EU LCS. He came to NA and stomped from his very first game in NA LCS and NA took  NO  participation in developing his talent, he was already talented when he came. Same for Incarnati0n, he will probs stomp next split and he will do so due to his talent and skill he developed by playing in EUW solo Q, vs other top EUW players, with  NO  participation from NA. You can't just import players and claim they are NA talent. No. There is no NA talent in mid lane that is why you import players from  OTHER  regions such as KR and EU. There is almost no NA mid laners and yet it's as if you claim all these imported players got picked up from NA solo Q.
1	Stop looking at what you  think  you are doing correctly.  Start looking at what you are doing wrong and how you can improve on it.   >I mained top.. from 50 games I lost my lane 5 times. I cant remember when enemy had better cs. I buy wards, ping. Watch the map.   What went wrong after you won lane?  (hint: winning lane doesn't really mean much unless you win lane like 5/0)   >I played support as no one wants it, so I thought ok... If I play this good it will increase my chances. My adcs usually have 20 cs by 15 minutes. I beg them not to push the creep wave as we will be ganked easily. They chase enemy, I ping ask them not to turret dive level 3 but they dont listen and then blame me for not protecting   Everything is just blaming your adc here.  What could  YOU  have done differently to change the outcome of the game?  Zone the enemy, lay deeper wards to have a long heads up for jungle, poke the enemy hard as a caster, etc.   >I played mid - the most picked role and the most difficult one. I'm nothing special here but at least I can farm decently and don't get killed if enemy is good.   Again, what did you do late game?  Winning lane honestly doesn't mean much in this game.   >Jungle - There's no way to do this properly. I'm not a pro, but last couple of games with Kha, I had the best KDA, only positive in the whole team.   This is the reason he is so popular.  4/5 games he will always have the best KDA on his team.  He's a powerful ganking early game champ.  What did you do wrong after laning?   >I place more wards as an ADC. Later they flame how my damage is weak. I had 4/6/19 as Cait for example.   Ok you died 6 times.  What could you have done to prevent any of those deaths?  Could you simply have placed your trinket wards better and just the occasional ward?  How was your positioning in fights?  Are you chasing after low hp enemies or focusing on just kiting the closest thing to you?
0	Arizonan here. A lot of people will say its "legalizing racial profiling" but that's just a bias excuse. In fact the SB1070 was focused (and worried about) Arizona's economy. It talks about "anchor babies" where a pregnant immigrant will birth her child in AZ therefore making the child a US citizen. The problem with this is the hospital (and taxpayers) are stuck with the hospital bill. The whole problem starts at illegal immigrants who live in Arizona and use Arizona's economy without paying taxes.   The bill says you need  probable cause  to be pulled over and to see your "papers". Really any cop anywhere can racially profile and dig up an excuse to right it. On the other side immigrants play a big part of the economy and provide cheap labor(another controversial topic).   Trust me, I once did a community college presentation about this.
0	Help me internet --   Same here. Got an associates in IT. There was a high school program to get an associates during my junior and senior year of high school, instead of my electives. I did that to get some core classes out of the way.   Ended up getting an Internship in IT paying $16/hr to start saving for college. Now is the time to switch my Internship to a field in something I'm actually majoring for a Bachelors in, but I'm afraid I won't get enough money.   I could keep this internship and maybe even get hired.   Or actually do something I enjoy and maybe get less money.   I also have a problem of going into Civil Engineering or Architecture. I love Architecture, but Civil Engineering has much more of a market.
1	Remember that Singed was the first champion in league so you shouldn't be comparing him to champions released today that are much more planned out and thought out. But I have to disagree with you, singed has a very weak laning phase except you're extremely good with him or your opponent doesn't know how to play vs singed, like you said, you've had top laners that have demolished him. Why? Because he's weak in every aspect early game, so complaining about him scaling well with items and being strong late just makes no sense. Weak early game should equal strong late game and singed is a prime example of that. But what you can complain about are the items Singed can itemize for, there are so many items that give you mana + a lot of free stats which is pretty much exactly what singed wants f.e. Frozen Heart.   It's similar logic to the next champion Lucifer, he has no cc and is squishy and medeocer range, what is he rewarded with? A lot of damage and mobility. There always must con for every pro, and that's why Irelia was so op, she had everything which meant just about no flaws. And she still is really strong, having a bit of everything is really messed up.
0	I thought relationships were supposed to be based on trust and honesty?   This is true. However, sometimes it's necessary to be understanding of each other as well. If she understands him enough to know that he's defensive about his weight and loves him enough to overlook that character flaw, I don't see anything wrong with that. Especially if she's found that there are easier ways to get him to work on it than being confrontational.
1	I personally chalk it up to the difference in how i acted as a teenager as to how current teenagers now act, im 24 now when i was 13-16 playing cs:s/wow ALOT the community was a hell of a lot nicer but nowadays kids are complete utter little shits, just my personal opinion on why its like that.   I may be completely wrong who knows..
0	This]( was the first time I even heard if Abercrombie and Fitch. I really didn't give a shit about clothing brands, I still don't. My friends and I all cringed at this video, and it quickly became a running joke in our little crew.
1	Maybe everyone just fails to understand this, but let me try my best to describe why this is happening.   These junglers are TOO strong and dominating in game     Stop looking at just solo queue win rates. These numbers have very little reflection on the champion. Just because you have a very powerful champ doesn't mean that you have good knowledge of the champ or that the champ can single handedly carry a game.     Champions that are played in LCS are played because they are the strongest champions in the game. They are the best at what they do, they offer strong objective control, dueling potential, late game scaling, and powerful initiation/clean up. Pros don't just casually pick whatever they want. They need to pick champions that can defend themselves early when alone, can counter gank and force ganks, as well as have speedy early clears with strong objective control. Every jungler you listed fulfills all the qualities a competitive jungler requires.     "Passive jungler smost of the time have a way better mid and late game unless they fall behind super early" ... You just explained EXACTLY why characters like Pantheon, Lee Sin, and Kha need some early game toning down. They can invade the opponent's second buff and EASILY kill them... no skill required, just pure out damaging out performing and faster initial clear. Obviously that level of aggression sets your passive jungler even FARTHER behind, and thus crushes them out of the game.     LCS players do not care if a champ is "fun" or "aggressive". They care if a champion will WIN. Not just occassionally win, but ALWAYS WIN. They don't have time to "try" to get to late game with Amumu or Nautilus. They don't have that luxury. They pick the STRONGEST champs with high early/mid game potential because thats where they need to succeed.
0	This thing is stupid small, there's no excuse for not knowing how to make an adviceanimal, it's stupid easy.     Did you even fucking read the blog post by /u/yishan or /u/alienth's post in /r/announcements? They were getting DMCA take down notices for the photos, they were legally obligated to comply or reddit would be shut down.       No government agency is forcing them to take down those subreddits so they don't. Reddit doesn't act morally, they only take down subs when it becomes clear that the subreddit is a function of something more. EG with jailbait it was CP, with the racist ones it was personal information, with the celeb leak ones it was DMCA take down notices.   The fact that everyone keeps spouting off this bullshit just shows what little amount of redditors actually fucking read the shit that they comment on.
1	Do you mean you stopped playing  last  summer?  Like summer of 2012?  If my understanding of the decay system is correct it has not been long enough to have stopped playing this summer and have gone from Gold V to Bronze I purely through decay.   The way decay works is that after 28 days you lose a set amount of LP.  If that LP would bring you down to 0 in your current division then it drops you down one division, if you are in Division 5 of your Tier and you hit 0 LP through decay then it drops you to Division 1 of the next Tier down.  After the initial decay you then decay a set amount of LP once every 7 days as long as you stay inactive.  This next part is what I'm not sure about, I believe that when it drops you a Division it puts you at 75 LP in that Division no matter how much LP you lost from the decay.  I'm operating based on that assumption because both of my ranked teams that have decayed have been put into 75 LP of the division below where they were before.   In Gold you lose 25 LP per decay period, in Silver you lose 10 LP per decay.  You do not decay in Bronze.   So, assuming you are at Gold V with 25 LP or less you will decay to Silver I after 28 days of inactivity.  From this point forward you will lose 10 LP per week in Silver 1.  Starting at 75 LP it will take 8 weeks (56 days) to decay to Silver 2, and another 8 weeks to Silver III and so on.  Thats a total of 40 weeks to decay from Silver I 75 LP to Bronze I.  Including the 4 weeks it took for the initial decay from Gold V to Silver I that is 44 weeks, or 308 days, from Gold V (25 LP or less) to Bronze I.   _
1	basically all pro games will be around this length and the game is over by the dragon fight, thats not snowball thats just one team having more items farm and kills than the other and abusing their advantage, baron couldnt be contested and honestly it might look like a major snowball by riven but if you watch the game and the rotations then youll notice poohmandu (leona) reacts to the olaf mid gank straight away whereas annie doesnt, this means even though elise and riven got very lucky to get out that leona could save them. If ozone got those two kills it would be a very different game as gragas needed more gold so he wouldnt have to rush a mediocre item, if he got the kills/assists he couldve went into seekers giving him armor and allowing him to trade with riven, imo ozone underestimated the riven vs gragas lane and lost it hard putting the team on tilt and thinking they would lose because of it. Imps positioning in the dragon fight lost them the game he should have been behind his team rather than solo in the pit and riven wouldnt have been able to burst him instantly meaning they would get a fair fight off and have a chance.
0	They're pretty evil to merchants, and send money out of your local economy to middle men in the US.  Admittedly they are a necessary evil for some, but if you must, at least use visa or MasterCard instead of AMEX who charge through the roof for their service.
1	Damn, I get on to check reddit, and my inbox broke... As far as everyone in here arguing that bot would get zoned, it went something like this.   Morde would e-q combo his lane, and all the creeps would die, instantly. When they would go in for their wombo combo, he'd start to pull back, and I (j4) would e-q into the ad carry, pop my heal, and we'd beat them back off. Again, Those early levels are HUGE, one of my inspirations for this was the chinese team (can't remember their name) that focused on having the strongest early game possible.   I took this a step further. Sure, a strong level 1 comp is nice, but how about a strong 1-7 team? All I heard from IEM kiev was once you snowball, you can really just carry that to late game for the win. With that in mind, having junglers that are the same level as their bot lane at any given moment, and having all three of your solos being 2-3 levels higher than them  does  give you an advantage, like it or not.   Moreso, what is a graves/taric combo to do when they're both level 4, fighting a level 7 morde, and a lvl 4 j4? Sure, graves has a lot of cs, but morde and j4's combined is almost double is. In every way, I see this current meta as a hinderence towards the idea of "Oh yea, here's that one guy who sits bot and doesn't acquire farm all game".   What happens when we remove that element? Willfully crippling one hero for the sake of another should be punished, and that was my entire aim throughout this.
1	Sorry im just tried of seeing people say his passive is bad, it seems like they just repeat what other people say rather than looking into it.   To put this into prespective...   His abilities with fury do aprox twice as much damage.   He gets 5 fury every auto attack and fury for every ability used, during his ult he gains 5 fury  per second , combined with with his autoattacks and abilities, this is a huge amount.   Now his passive lets him gain 50% fury when under half health from  ALL SOURCES . This means 10 fury per autoattack, 10 fury per second, double fury for every non fury ability used.   It is very deceptive as it is one of the biggest damage steroids in the game, and an excellent bait tool.
1	Okay, so let me explain it properly:   1) If you are hit, you get the regen. It should be like that, since why on earth would you need regen if you are not even damaged.   2) You should not get regen from the scuttler for example, since you are never damaged by it.   3) Shaco's boxes allow juggling, thus making it easy to actually abuse the regen especially with him. Takes practice though.   4) Shaco's very first camp lets him save his smite by making all the damage by pre-set boxes. Altough they are not there for the whole clear, and you need one or two more AA on the creeps, for that while you'll get the regen.   So just tell me which point you don't understand, and I promise I explain everthing to the greatest of my understanding.
1	None.   I know there is the video that floats around of the shyv pentakill with tiamat but that is honestly a 1 in 100 situation. You literally have to have the entire enemy team grouped up right on one another and then ult q into them.   It costs 2050g to build a tiamat and for that you can basically buy the components of a bloodthirster that will lead to a better scaling late game item that doesnt rely on opponents positioning to be good.
0	I live in South Central Los Angeles. It's as ghetto as you can get. The funny thing is I never had problems here. A few fights here and there but nothing to serious. It's definitely not as bad as people make it out to be. As soon I go to Suburbs or the nice parts of Los Angeles though, I feel really uncomfortable. It's just so boring. Maybe it's just because I was raised in a different environment, I don't know.
1	You might be right (can't objectively judge the OPs motivation). I still see no reason though why his opponent would even join a solo queue game at the default time. If anything, that was totally sloppy by hashinshin.   I like the "good sportsmanship" attitude, and trust me I play by them myself - avoiding to kill dc'ed people etc.   But I do feel that if e-sports want to be taken more seriously they need to start establishing  fixed  rules with literally no exceptions, same as all other professional sports do.   E.g. if you play football (soccer, not american) and you run into someone at full speed, knowing full well that you might break his legs, that is not really considered sportsmanlike - but if you happen to touch the ball first it will still be 'fair play' by the rules, thus your team would win the game..if that was what it took to get the last goal.   I remember some tournament where only after several matches were already played and it came to the first tie, Riot announced that ' time to win ' would be the tie breaker. As far as I know that was not officially stated as a rule beforehand, thus giving the teams that played the earlier matches a potential disadvantage, since they did not know that they would gain more by running fast, early win strategies.
0	I always find it funny when legal opinions come from law students. I'd reckon that 9 out of 10 legal opinions I read are prefaced with "I am a law student." The worst offenders are those that begin with "I'm a 1L law student." I equate that to a first year medical student saying, "Yes, I can operate on this man's heart. I am a first year medical student. I know all there is to know. My outdated textbooks taught me everything."   I don't know why this is. Actually, yes I do. Some law students are gunners in class and in real life. Reddit is yet another forum for proving your intelligence and your wealth of knowledge!
1	To all the people doubting Fakers mouse DPI is 800, please be aware of the hardware he uses and his other sensitivity settings. Actually, lower DPI settings are often more preferable to professional players, particularly in the counter strike scene. The reasoning behind this is to give you more margin for error when you make quick mouse movements. When you have low sensitivity, overshooting your aim will have less of an impact than if you are at high sensitivity, where you will end up missing them by a large margin. In Counter Strike, pros aim to have 1:1 movement with their mouse to the screen (ever wondered why they have massive mousepads?). Obviously League is a different game, but the principle of reducing the effects of quick jerky movements with your mouse to make them more smooth is the same. Also, 800 DPI is considered very high, many players run their sensitivity far below that. Sorry for any misspellings/grammar/trash formatting, I'm on my phone. Just wanted to help give some clarity on what seems to be a common query in this thread.
1	Roam, take towers after you've taken down the outer bot lane tower, Dragons, Barons, the like. Don't flame/rage, help them out and congratulate them when they get kills and make plays and whatnot. Don't make them feel bad, they probably already do feel bad and mocking and insulting them does nothing to improve the situation.
1	Eh, not really. The real talking point isn't their uniforms, or not joking around, it's that the phobia of taking towers is bullshit and teams need to get over it. There's a lot that can be taken from how to properly organize an e-sports team, but the western teams knew it already. It just so happens that most of them aren't willing to put in that effort. Then you look at teams like CLG.EU and M5, which are normally considered "Western Teams" and they're both boot camping teams with good work ethics. It's them repeatedly showing that push strategies work that is important. To be fair CLG.NA has been rotating their carry to non-pushed lanes after downing early towers for a long time and running mid-game push strategies, though not  every game  like Blaze is doing.
0	I'm not sure if you are having trouble with the weight or not. If you can handle the weight, carefully add more. IMO the bar stabilizes more when you have more weight. If you are attempting a weight that is heavy for you, ask someone to spot for you in case you cannot lift it.   Another tip: If you wish to increase weight on your bench, you need to regularly bench. If you take time off of benching, you will lose weight your bench. You will see results if you do this. Coming into my freshman year, I could bench 135. I am going into my senior year and I can now bench 315. I am also a bit on the big side. For guys like us, this is our best lift. Enjoy it.
1	Hey guys whats up. I'm The Letter J and I just started my youtube channel AND NOW HAVE 2 SUBS. I do ranked game commentaries. I also try to post a video at least once a day. I play every role and try to be as informative as I can. I peaked last season at Plat 4, currently Gold 2 and looking to climb back up. I would really appreciate if you guys could take the time and check me out!
0	It probably ran home.   We took some cats to the humane society when I was little, the momma was killing lots of birds and my mom didn't like that, and when she had to take the litter to the humane society as kittens, she took the mother too.   She was in a cardboard box in the car, sealed up with air holes. She clawed her way out about 3 miles down the road, and started clawing at everything ever until she finally jumped out a window while we were stopped on the side of the road.   She showed up a couple weeks later, wanting food.
1	I just wanted to say that it could be more difficult to become a doctor after taking a year off for this reason. I think it's good to have a goal, and good luck. Maybe this experience will help you figure out what you truly want to do long-term. Medical school and working in the hospital is not a life I would want to live if it was not my dream to do so.   In terms of what you might face: "Why do you want to become a doctor?" transitions into "Why did you take a year off?" during an interview. They might have initially worried that you took it off for a tragedy or lack of academic preparedness. If you become pro, how do you explain that you delayed garnering the knowledge to save people's lives so you could practice 12 hours a day on League?
0	Oh my god this sub.   Going online to berate and mock your parents whom you speculate may be suffering from a personality disorder/fairly serious mental illness for some bizarre self affirmation or weird ego massage from your peers is ironically extremely narcissistic behaviour. I wonder how well the sub deals with criticism, seeing as rejection or difference of opinions tends to anger those with narcissistic tendencies.   Edit: judging by the tirade of downvotes, not well it would seem!   Edit 2: I won't be deleting this comment to preserve the integrity of the conversation but I urge people to read the insightful arguments made by  everyone below, in particular those of bigangrydinosaur. It's very rare for a stranger online to profoundly change someone's opinion but I can honestly say that this person has achieved just that. I am deeply sorry for any offence caused and I can honestly say that I now see this sub as something far more positive than what I had given it credit for.
1	Did provisionals placed silver 4. Won a few then I have been on a 5 day losing streak. One more loss and I will be Bronze 1. I consistently get matched with at least two players who GG at the 12-15 min mark and refuse to communicate and instead spend the rest of the game arguing over whose fault it is.
0	I have a story as well:   In Toronto, this company was having a video game tournament and I arrived late, not knowing it was going on.   One of the games there in the tournament was Mario Kart Wii. I was forced to enter as a wild card, and I had to win every single race I was in to get to the finals.   I forget how many races there were before the finals but I pulled that shit off, getting first in every one. I'd drawn a crowd at this time.   Finally, the finals vs this other guy who managed to get 1st in every race but one. He was really good, and got 3 firsts in a row. (Best of 7) - But he started getting cocky at this point.   Fast forward. I get 3 firsts and it's game 7. Final lap, Koopa Cape, coming up to that final jump. He's in 1st and I'm in 2nd. I have nothing, he's going to win. He stupidly drops behind me at the question box to get something and ends up in 5th (or something) and gets a blue shell. I ended up with a mushroom.   So he shoots the blue shell at me and smirks, easily passing up to second and waiting till it hits me. I hit my mushroom as the blue shell is overhead and I blast through the blue shell and over the line. I win, by one point.
0	In the 7th grade I was feeling pretty bored one day and thought, 'Hey, I wear jeans almost exclusively, and they all look the same!.' Thus came the year of The One Pant. One entire school year wearing one pair of pants, at no point washed. I was careful. Oh so careful. Abstaining cheetos entirely, and shirking sauces. At the end of every day I would comb them for stains, seeking any clue that would reveal my deceit. The rare few times a flaw was found, I scraped it away.   Months rolled by, not a single person suspecting a thing. Not even my parents knew! I would take perfectly clean jeans and rub a bit of dirt on them to trick my mother into thinking the cycle had not been broken.   Finally, the end of the year came. I remember it clearly, standing in the school courtyard with my best friend. Spring blew through the sunlight in floral waves as I turned to him with a knowing grin. 'Hey, Jake.' 'Yeah?' 'I have been keeping a secret this entire year in plain sight. Can you guess what it is?' He cast his eyes up and down, trying to pry any crumb of knowledge my relaxed pose might betray. 'No dude, what is it?'   'I've been wearing.  The same pants .  The entire year .'   'WHAT?!' His eyes shoot down to my legs and I see the gears turning in his head. I'm laughing now. I'd done it. I'd fooled them all. 'What the fuck, dude.' 'Hey, you couldn't tell.'   With the deed done, it felt only right that I surrender them now to the washer. I should tell you now, reader, that never once in that year had I actually smelled those pants. Nobody had. Standing over the swirling soap a terrible curiosity gripped me and I held my nose to the fabric. A thousand fallen angels, weeping sepsis from long blistered wounds, infested my nose. I cast the foul cloth into the machine and slammed the lid, retching. How such a rank miasma could be contained within such a small space marvels me to this day.   When the damned pant broke free of the churning toil it was a tattered rag. The knees were completely blown out, the pockets missing, belt loops lost to the howling void. It was a foul thing. A terrible artifact. But it was the most comfortable pair of pants I had ever known in my young life.   I patched them. And like a curse inspired by legend, they would be obliterated every time they were washed.   I'm a different man now. I wear multiple pairs of pants in a week. Even shorts, should the weather allow. But I will always remember the most comfortable fabric to ever cradle a crotch.
1	As someone who jungles a lot and lanes a lot, bad junglers when you're laning are as frustrating as bad laners when you're jungling.   If you've ever been camped -- especially top lane -- early game, you know how frustrating it is when your jungler is still clearing his own creeps. Not counterjungling, not ganking, not doing anything of value.   There's nothing inherently good or skillful about clearing your camps. The skill in jungling comes from setting up routes that will leave you with opportunities to gank. Exploiting the weaknesses in the other team's jungler and lanes.   While junglers get a lot of unfair spite, it's also fair to say that a lot of junglers -- especially those at 1300 elo -- don't realize how much they hurt the team when they just go from camp to camp as lanes lose.   While it's never the junglers fault that a lane is losing (unless the jungler like...turret dives at level four and feeds double buff, which happens  all the time  in my games), it is definitely the junglers fault if they look at a losing lane and say "nope, not helping". That lane will just snowball from there. The point of a jungler is to exert pressure across the map. If one team's jungler has ganked your lane three times before you hit level six, and you are getting zoned because of it, it's frustrating when your unattentive jungler is just saying "wow noobs".
1	This post tells me 2 things. 1 You said your a CLG fan to cover the fact your a TSM fan and don't want to feel like your just another fanboy who thinks he's entitled to an opinion no one cares about. 2 You have no clue how English humour works and find summoner insight offensive because what is said is funny, straight to the point and doesn't hold back anything. Du du duhh!!
1	Nope, thats not exactly the reason why we like EU LCS. We like EU LCS because they  actually win  with the picks.  Can you really say EU is better as playing unorthodox picks when NA played Jayce support, lissandra support, Xin Zhao ADC, Annie support (before it was popular, obviously Xpecial along with the LPL were always interested in annie support way before it was popular), Zilean mid (arguable that Alex started this but still), Wukong Jungle, etc..
0	Get out of there as quick as you can is my advice.   Something similar happened to me, I worked for a small company as an Accounts assistant helping with accounts for care homes. There was 3 members of the admin team which was made smaller when the owner went bankrupt. Her husband took on the company and was the owner on paper however she still was in charge. The office assistant was let go, she was a family friend of the boss who got paid (more than me) to sit on Facebook all day while I did her work for £2.50 an hour the then apprenticeship wage for a year. I took on her workload that she neglected, so I had a lot of systems and fuck ups to sort. After two years I had got it down to clockwork it was busy but possible.   They then decided to take on another 30 bed care home that was failing and needed a lot of work gave us two weeks notice before Christmas. Adding to the 20 bed care home and the 30 bed care home they had already, also the company I worked for. Christmas is already a busy time as everything needs to be done in advance and it was the end of the tax year for one of the care homes we had. So we had to do overtime just to make sure everything was done and they agreed to pay overtime for December only. We were working overtime everyday and couldn't afford to take any time off which led to lots of unused annual leave.   Me and my manager were still working overtime well into March however it wasn't paid it was time owed (extra holiday days we already couldn't take.) I was told I had to use my annual leave or I would lose it, so I had two weeks to take off in March that was split into half days and random days off. Which I couldn't afford to take I was rushing trying to get everything done and I made a mistake. I came back from an annual leave day to a disaplinary, which I wasn't made aware of, only told I had a meeting in the afternoon and not to worry. I had no time to plan or bring someone to the meeting, there was no evidence and they had the letter ready before the meeting had even taken place. So even if I was aware and could of planned I was going to be given a written warning regardless. I mentioned that I didn't have time for all of my workload anymore, my managers response was make time.   After that I felt trapped as it was my first real job and a written warning stays on your file for 6 months and makes getting another job more difficult, I was already feeling worn out from the workload. I decided to stick it out until the disaplinary expired.   I worked even more overtime and didn't have time for lunch and felt too stressed to eat (we never had a lunch break in the 3 years I worked there, I just went and got lunch for me and my manager and sat and worked.) I lost over two stone in weight in less than three months due to stress.   A mistake I made during March when I had to take my annual leave came to light and I was put on suspension. Shortly after so was my manager as she was also making mistakes and not keeping up. I was pretty much suicidal during those last few months at the company I stopped looking when crossing the road, in my head it was so I wouldn't have to go back to work and be trapped. I left after I was suspended due to my doctor saying the job was going to kill me and wasn't worth it for minmum wage. I lost all my time owed and holidays aswell and was paid my last paycheck four months after leaving.   I now work at a call centre the only job that would have me, weirdly enough I get thanked a lot more for a lot less. It is also far less stressful and pays me over minimum wage. I never want to work in accounts again or for a small company, just need to figure out what I want to do with my life. I now hold all companies in contempt at 21 and feel jaded the experience has left me with anxiety.   Well that went on for a long time, sorry.
1	Typically if you buy something for RP ( points bought by real money ) it´s skin if you buy skins thoose skins are on prizes usually 520 and 975 but there are few that cost 1820 wich are legendary and have Remade voiceover and such ( wich new Abillity animations ). And if you want to buy him just RP i guess it would be better to know if he wants a certain skin. Since support of Leage of Legends is kind, nice and friendly you can make yourself an account buy RP there and then buy a skin onto friend´s account by paying from yours wich imho is much more suprising and more like a gift.
0	Sure, she's waiting tables now. Soon, she'll be flashing a lil nip slip, then it'll be a single boob, then both, then getting up onstage with the other girls. It's only a matter of time till she's taking the stage herself.
1	Kind of piggybacking off of the idea with a question regarding shotcalling -   So in my team I think that we would really benefit from a shot caller because our communication is absolutely terrible, everyone yelling etc. The problem is, of the 5 people we have:   myself (mid) , I constantly watch streams and practice new things, all 4 agree that I'm the best all around and could play all but top in the team. because of this, i think that i'd be the best shot caller   a friend that's very angry however once he gets into top lane he's awesome in the 1v1. he's on a very high level of play with 2 champions - darius and garen. he doesn't play garen in ranked 5s and feels the need to take every kill with darius ult. he won't learn new people for more than one game, always goes back to darius. is in complete opposition to me being shot caller   our ADC is very calm and thinks I should be caller, really just been working on cs with lots of champs has been his thing   our support is indecisive and hardly talks, if he does it's hard to understand (MID MID MID = their adc is half hp and we can't see him.) he won't give input on who should be the shot caller for fear of the solotop or myself getting pissed at him (he does this with a lot, victimizes himself irl a lot)   our jungler hardly talks, doesn't say anything about what he can improve though he knows that he needs to improve.   So I've got this - if we go for straight democracy I'll be noted as caller, but our solotop will flip shit. what way of determining caller do you think we should use?   god, that was a wall of text.
0	If you only said, shouldn't wear those because they are see through and when you communicated that to said co-worker you did so in a "normal/reasonable" way, nothing should happen. There's variables across institutions and states. In the Public/non-profit sectors i'm pretty certain HR professionals are supposed to apply a reasonable person test/analysis when dealing with these types of claims. I guess if she was really upset, maybe HR would conduct interviews and ask around if any one else heard the comment.  Either way nothing should have come out of this.
1	If you're a carry you build to kill a tanky champ; if you're a front line be a front line and pray your carries carry. If you're something else god help you.
1	To clarify this, it is possible for a note-taking/speech to text reporter to do live, remote 'subtitles' and there ARE professionals who do this as their full time job. I am an electronic note taker so can do such things, however it would not be verbatim.   Speech to Text Reporters are qualified to do around 150-200 Words Per Minute, which is roughly around the speed of the casting that is currently set as a standard. If Riot would like I have contacts, if any rioter who doesn't have my contact and wants to trial a system with note taking professionals ask Tiza or Janook, and I can pass along my professional contacts.
0	It's only a huge responsibility for a the first year or two. After that it is not only habit but enjoyable. Dogs and Cats can take care of themselves just feed them twice a day, if that's too much they sell machine that do that for you. First year or two you have to give them lots of attention and train them, once they're trained they know the rules, animals are really intelligent. Evening walk with the dog is a great way to relax, then lay on the couch and watch some Tv, or office for some gaming/surfing, dog'll just sleep at your feet(walks really exhaust the dog). Cat's are really easy, I have a stay that we let into our garage during the sub 20 degree weather in winter. We feed her twice a day and she takes care of her self otherwise, friendliest cat I've ever met.
1	Dom is justified in his initial defense of his teammate but the statements he makes after aren't. This incident along with voy's tweet yesterday has given me the impression that Curse is vastly overestimating its season. Their 4th place finish while decent can also be an effect of CLG relenting its playoff seeding during super week. And while curse undeniably had success in the last two super weeks going a combined 6-2 but the rest of their season is punctuated with 9 weeks of poor play and a paltry 7-13 record making the large part of the criticism warranted.
0	just yesterday some lady try to lane change into my lane, as in into my car(I don't mean in front of me in a cut me off manner, I mean in straight on collision side-to-side merge) because she needed to turn right. The traffic light was yellow but its at a mere 5 feet(ish? like the part where the broken lines starts to become solid) in front of me. So she turned literally right next to me which caused me to break HARD, She almost scrapped the right quarter of my car off. she stopped right on the opposite lane of the crosswalk because she almost killed a kid that was about to finish crossing. Who in the right mind would merge into a car right next to you? I never honked without a very good reason. This is probably the 2nd time I ever honked at a person. I was sincerely scared for my life.
0	See, here is the problem. You define strength as purely the ability to put forth the max power in one rep, which is ridiculous. It's really not that useful in daily life.   Sorry but this is bullshit. Do you ever use 50% of your 1RM? Now if you double your 1RM suddenly that movement that was at around 50% of your 1RM has become only 25% of your 1RM. If you think this does not make a significant impact on your daily life you are delusional.   > flexibility is always useful.   Yes and no. Flexibility is useful if it allows you to perform a movement correctly. Further flexibility without the goal of performing a movement correctly has no use. Striving for flexibility without having a concrete movement goal you want to reach does not improve your health or quality of life.   On top of this one way of increasing your flexibility and more importantly finding out where you lack flexibility so you can train your flexibility with a concrete goal and a way to test/retest is a proper strength program.   A good strength program will train you in the basic movement functions (squat, hip hinge, push and pull) through the full range of motion. If you have a flexibility deficiency it will show in the movements performed and practicing the movements will actually help you get more flexible as well if done correctly. I found out I lack a good amount of ankle dorsiflexion through practicing my front squat. Front squatting has helped increase my ankle dorsiflexion and has given me a method to measure progress.   Don't get me wrong I think flexibility is very important and I'm always working on improving mine wherever it hinders me in performing a movement I want to perform. I even do yoga somewhat regularly. I just don't think flexibility is a relevant indicator of health or quality of life. Also flexibility usually disappears in elderly because they lack strength which leads to fear of using the end ranges of their range of motion which in turn leads to more disuse of that end range and a decrease of flexibility. The best way to keep flexible with age is to perform the basic movements through a full range of motion with the aim of maintaining or increasing strength. This prevents disuse, prevents fear of movement (very important in elderly) and strength leads to stability which leads to flexibility.   > You say a body weight program with 6 movements will provide a full body workout, and I won't deny that you can hit most of the fast twitch muscle groups like that, but you really have no control over the balance in which muscles are hit and how. You end up strong for a few specific exercises. You say swimming is notorious for creating muscle imbalances, which is true if you only do one stroke ever, but a 6 movement weight lifting regiment is way worse than 6 varied strokes in swimming.   This is not true. There are 6 basic movements that when combined in different speeds/intensities etc. create more complex human functions. These are the squat, hip hinge, push (horizontal and vertical) and pull (horizontal and vertical). If you train those movements equally you will develop a balanced body. You are not increasing strength in only a few specific exercises, you are increasing strength and coordination in basic human movement function which translates really well to more complex movements (way better than the other way around).   The 6 varied strokes in swimming will still be way less balanced than this 6 movement template.   > meaning if you want to engage in a new activity, you now have to train extensively for that activity, rather than a more balanced approach as I've suggested, which gives you a better adaptability to new activities.   You alwasy have to train extensively for a new activity to become good at it, no matter what you do. Training adaptations are highly activity specific no matter what you do. It's just that strength training using basic compound movements is the least activity specific adaptation of the lot and it is easy to train and even more easy to keep up (cardiovascular endurance drops off very quickly when not training). I was also not talking about the context of getting good at new activities. I was talking in the context of general health and quality of life. If you want to get good at a sport train that sport (and do some resistance training as it's awesome).   > Fact is, my weight lifting buddies are all jealous of the strength of my climbing buddies.     This is a fact concerning a couple of your buddies, great sample size and high quality measurements to go by.     The chance your weight lifting buddies are on a good strength program, focus on improving their movements and are working through a full range of motion is not that high.     How is this strength measured?       > The climbers, the good ones, definitely push a lot, but that comes with flexibility   I'm sorry but flexibility in no way whatsoever will improve your pushing strength, in being overly flexible can decrease it. You have to have a pretty damn abnormal flexibility deficiency where it heavily impacts your movement pattern to have it decrease your pushing strength.   > and understanding that its a full body activity.   Resistance training is a very good way to learn how to use your entire body in a coordinated way. I have always been an athlete and yet when adding proper strength focused resistance program to my training my body awareness and inter-body coordination went up significantly even tho I always regarded those as my strong points.   > Plus they actually have finger strength   Again activity specific and not really contributing to quality of life or health. Also have you tried heavy deadlifts? Grip strength is often the weakest link in those and they are a staple in most proper strength programs.
1	Or, radical idea here, you could use his Q. If you land it successfully, all of your dreams will come true!
1	I don't feel like professionalism is an issue when it comes to this. Riot aren't the fun police, they're not gonna punish people for drinking and putting on a show for the purpose of entertainment/comedy. As for the "anti-LoL agenda", the idea for this came from SotG's Christmas special, which is just as rowdy. Also, most people in the SC scene are actually neutral about LoL and don't give a fuck about what Slasher and iNcontrol have to say. Also, after the shitshow that was DJWheat's tantrum on Inside the Game a while back, no one has a right to make fun of LoL shows for being unprofessional anyway.
0	American here. Never taken a French class in my life but I knew how to pronounce that perfectly. Want to know how? Assassin's Creed.   Ok, plus I speak Spanish which is almost the same as Italian in many ways and that all adds up to a good idea of approaching European languages.. Fuck. I'm rambling. Time for bed.
1	Im not sure if you are serious or joking. If you aren't joking just shut up and learn self control. But if you are joking,  RABLE RABLE RABLE!
0	8 years call center experience here. I hate the job but with a young daughter to raise in a town with no work, gotta make due. Now a seasoned vet like me, I have heard it all. My phone voice and charisma can sell ice to an Eskimo. I look forward to the angry calls over the pleasant ones. The reasons are this;   1.) nice calls are boring, angry one are a lot more interesting   2.) if your good, you can make an angry customer a happy one.( You don't have to even fix the problem but killing a person with kindness shows that no matter how mad they are, they will not effect your attitude. It's hard for a person to stay pissed when the other person offers them a sincere apology, reinforced with an attitude that your their to help.   3.) I mock all angry customers. I mean ALL angry customers, the worse your accent the better. I have gotten really good at impressions because of this. The mute button is my best friend, when you hear the call go silent, assume the person is mocking you.   4.) At the end of the day they are the ones with the problems. You are just a body in a chair, answering calls nothing more. The moment you realize that, and leave the stress at work, is when you realize your getting paid for sitting on your ass and screwing around on Reddit all day.   5.) People are tougher over the phone, then they are in person. I call this people "Telephone Tough Guys". These people are the ones who get so fired until they realize their tough guy personna is not getting them anywhere.   6.) Supervisor calls.... I love them. If you think that calling me and arguing with me and demanding a supervisor is going to get you special treatment you are sorely mistaken. I have worked a few call centers and most of the time the supervisor has an off the phone job and don't have any training as far as what the telephone job entails. These "supervisors" are here to just make sure I take my breaks on time and show up for work. Where I currently am, I have a supervisor hotline but they really have no much more power then I. The reason I love supervisor calls the most is because when I am about to transfer to a supervisor I tell the supervisor all the crap you put me through. Unless your telling the supervisor something you haven't told me, chances are your getting the same answer.
0	I personally down voted it because it has a miss-leading title. I was expecting some sort of ice cream that would make me go "Wtf" instead I got something entirely different and went. "eww". Even if the missleading title made me go "wtf" I would have still down voted because of a miss-leading title.
0	So, /u/cbessemer, what did you do last night." "Spent hours reading
1	keep in mind everyone while this is a fun/good video, the p values of each team's chance to win is based on fan vote, and obviously popularity plays a large part in the bias portion of the teams probability to win if you use these values.  While the community is good at choosing a victor based on performance, the community is also heavily biased in that some subset of voters vote for their favorite team rather than team that is more likely to win.
0	I'm a cashier at a tech. retail store, and once had a customer literally flip shit over a 4 cent difference from what the product rang up as and what the self tag said. I told him the tags had not yet been updated, and that the price of $9.99 was correct, over the price on the tag being $9.96. Before I could even tell him I could honor the price on the tag, he stormed out and later sent an email to our Corporate manager saying what a terrible employee I was and demanded a $25 gift card out of my commission as repayment, and corporate agreed...
1	ITT: Posting quotes instead of
0	Over 80% of the people I interact with on a daily basis learned English as a second (or third, or fourth) language and I'm going to have to disagree with you about those sorts of mistakes.  They make those mistakes ALL THE TIME.  Many people learn English through watching television, and in that case you don't see it written so you may have perfect conversational skills but not so great spelling and proper grammar.   As a caveat, the people I deal with are academics.  So the native speakers I know speak English very properly and to an extent formally, and the non-natives speak English incredibly well.  So, in my experience, stacking up the non-natives I know against the natives I know, the natives make fewer mistakes without a shadow of a doubt, BUT stacking up a non-native academic against your average American, the academic can certainly spell better.   So, point is, anyone who speaks and writes English in formal setting on a daily basis is going to (most likely) spell words correctly and use the right form of "there/their/they're".  This may not be your average American, but those kinds of people from countries where they don't speak English don't even learn English, and probably don't spell their own languages very well.
1	As someone who has been banned for toxicity, here's what used to stop me from raging at a person:     Ignoring whatever they say.  This has taken me awhile to get used to, but some ragers really want to win.  They might be a jerk in some messages, but I find that you can play while seeing their negativity.     Muting the player.  Don't tell them you're muting them.  This just eggs them on and begs for a response. (AFKing, Feeding)     Be the most optimistic person you can be.  I'm not saying to go crazy, but always try to be positive to your team.  This will give them hope that there is still a chance.         For the toxic player:     Never give up.   This isn't the LCS, this is soloQ.  A game can turn a complete 180 in one fight.  Don't forfeit.  You can win any game.     Don't drag your teammates down with you.   They are trying as hard as you are.  If you bash the whole team while they're doing well and trying to win the game, that will just lower team morale.     Type everything you have to say out, and press the 'esc' button.  You will get a feel of venting when you do this.  I did this after I was banned for toxicity two times.  Don't rely on this, try to refrain from this as much as possible.  If you do this too much, you will just get more and more angry and in a quiet way.
0	This answer is not taking into the account the odds of  actually having this conversation . If you expect today is the birthday of 1/365.25 people, that means there are 19 million people with birthdays today. However, they are not all walking around saying "Happy Birthday!" "You too!" to each other.   The probability stated is the odds that another  particular  person, chosen at random, will have the same birthday that you do, assuming people are born uniformly across the year. Also note that the [Birthday Paradox]( does not apply here, since it gives the probability that  any two people  in a group will have the same birthday  as each other  which is very different then the probability that a particular person has the same birthday as you.   Next, note that the question is "What are the odds of this happening?" This is a tricky question, and subtly different interpretations can greatly affect the outcome. In particular, it depends on what you take as the givens in this scenario. Some other possible interpretations are:     Given OP is in a bar, and it's his birthday, and he has this exchange with a girl, what are the odds that she is cute?     Given that it's OP's birthday, what are the odds that he goes to a bar, and has this exchange with a cute girl?     Given the universal physical constants are what we have measured them to be, and that our knowledge of the laws of physics is correct, what are the odds that the earth formed, and that the exact sequence of organisms happened to mate in order to produce OP and this cute girl, and they lived lives such that they would both be in this exact bar on this exact date, and the situation asserted itself such that they would have a conversation that would lead up this sequence of words being exchanged?
1	They have. Many times they have acknowledge our cries for help, it's just a very huge undertaking.   There was a post floating about that stated Riot was basically remapping the internet highways across the US, SPECIFICALLY to aid east coast.   (   Long story short: yes.
0	DEA MISANDRY?! ANYONE WHO DOESN'T LIKE DUDES THAT STARE AND JERK OFF INTO THEIR SWEATSHIRT POCKETS IN CLASS ARE OBVIOUSLY ANTI-MALE.
0	Reminds me of my roomate's 21st birthday! Here's what went down.   So everyone's there, including my close friend/girl I've been secretly in love with for several months. I hadn't told her because she'd been with this other guy for over a year.  Late in the night, after several drinks, all my friends are like, "Dude, go tell her how you feel!" and I'm like, "Why the hell didn't I think of that before?!" So I go into my room, where she and several of my friends are hanging out, and all friends walk out, leaving her and I alone. I sit down and tell her I've been in love with her for too long, and next thing I know, we are kissing like the world is ending in five minutes. We do the nasty, go downstairs to the party, and I shit you not- I Just Had Sex by The Lonely Island is playing. I promise, this is the truth. We laugh and high five, go to sleep a little later, wake up in the morning and do it again. She breaks up with her now-ex, and I am now dating the most beautiful, hilarious, intelligent, wonderful, cutest woman I have ever met, who is my best friend and the love of my life.
1	It would take place some years after the Institute of War was closed for some reasons. Maybe there even was another rune-war, but anyway peace in the realm of Valoran is on the edge. The world is altered by the following cataclysm and the city-states of Noxus and Demacia lie in ruins. Jarvan IV. is the leader of the small remnants of Demacia. The city of Noxus got completely destroyed and is uninhabitable after a biochemical attack by Singed when the last Demacian retaliation troops took the inner defenses. For two years, Riven has been gathering survivers and people from the surrounding villages who are willing to join her cause to rebuild Noxus based on the ideals it once embodied a long time ago.   The champions returned to their old hometowns and previous tasks or set out to follow new yet unknown goals. All but Teemo who was buried alive when the Institute of War collapsed - Tristana is with Rumble now. Politics, conflicts, events and the history of Valoran wind around these former champions of the League.   Players are fighters, rune-mages, void-casters... somewhat stronger than common foot soldiers but not nearly as powerful as the previous legends of the league. Allthough by their clothing, looks and habits they can be characterized as inhabitants of the nations Zaun, Piltover, Bildgewater etc., adventurers do not belong to a nation and do not pick fixed sides. There are no big opposed alliances that fight each other, but because the nations are not bound by the Institute of War to keep the peace, there are skimirshes between them.   There are wild beasts, hostile troll and barbarian tribes, raiders and corsairs from far away continents., smaller creatures from the Void roam around a few locations where reality ceases to exist. On the shores of the east there are stories about creatures ascending from the the Great Deep. Creatures that have never been seen in the inhabited parts of Valoran before are rumored to flee from the plague-jungle which is expanding rapidly now that Zyra returned to her former domain. There are Malzahar's Cultists, Viktor's battlecast army and former summoners powerful enough to gather followers. The strongest enemies are beings that would have been invited to the league in older times and can only be taken down with many befriended adventurers and probably help of former champions of the league.
1	As jinx early on when she was released I got really far ahead in lane with about 5 kills and 2 assists, and was far outfarming the enemy cait. Our top and mid were both holding their own but at about 13 minutes in our jungler starts making some really bad decisions amd gets caught out multiple times, sometimes costing lives with him. At 20 mins he starts surrender vote and when we didnt say yes he rage quit. My support and top (both friends) held our lanes and the mid (the junglers friend) decided to hang on with us. They pushed us back to our base but we aced our outkilled them in teamfights for 35 minutes, even managing to take an inhib before they finally killed us. The twisted fate mid also asked us to report his friend and I added him, really awesome guy and we all joked in chat about going down fighting the whole time.
1	The asshole took your seat, you always sit there, the dude rides this bus everyday and he knows you sit there...what a dick I am gonna say something to him about it, cause I wanted something normal in my life I was out of coffee this morning, roommate didnt clean dishwasher and in thie dog house with girlfriend and now this shit and you yell at the guy.
1	Mf buff is good but not great. Caitlyn is still there, ez is still there, he just needs to snowball hard same with sivir same with jinx, which after ADC nerfs it's pretty hard to, draven is a draven story; Draven Draven Draven Draven Draven.*
0	My grandparents have a German foreign exchange student and he tells me in Germany if they come home with a girl their parents just say don't get her pregnant and be awake for breakfast.
1	While people are loading into the game, the server (and clients) are performing synchronization checks among other types of communication. If you were to add messaging, it would disrupt and slow these actions. Additionally, it wouldn't be guaranteed that everyone on your team would receive any messages sent. On the reverse, you might not receive all of the messages sent by other players, which I would find more annoying than not being able to chat at all.
0	The idea of bashing a religion because people do stupid stuff, is like when people bash video games because somebody killed somebody else."   I disagree.  I think people like the westborrow baptist church are doing exactly what the bible commands them to do, and are acting completely rationally within the context of what they say they believe.  People who say they are christians, but do not bother prosthelytizing to me are cowards who would rather have a nice day than help me not burn in the hell they are utterly convinced I am damned to.
1	From my experience its 50/50, I've never had the knight in shining armour who is constantly motivating his team and makes everyone worship him but I do get players that understand that it wasn't your fault that you died and try to help instead of flame, quite often actually.   Obviously you do get the douchebags but usually you can immediately tell if they're gonna be pricks and what I do when I realise this is just don't say anything at all to them, helpful or no, people like these are clearly superior to you in every way and don't need advice from lesser beings like yourself so just don't say anything to them at all, if you're going to say anything make sure it is blatantly positive/a compliment or else they will just find something to pick at in everything you say.   Overall I would say that if you're gonna say something, make sure it is either mia, ss or something that is obviously a positive statement congratulating your team and usually (key word) they will be fine. If they are really bad just mute them and carry on with your business, you don't want them ruining your game for you.   Oh and this is my experience in bronze so I don't know what it is like in the higher tiers but I can't imagine it gets any worse ^^~~
1	So not to be off topic but in the interview TheOddOne mentions that ryze-maokai is weak against a morgana-shyvana is this true? Junglers aside (I love both of those jungles btw) Ryze wrecks morg in my experience, as in I consistantly get first or second blood as ryze in that matchup. Admittedly I am not anywhere near what would be concidered high elo, but still...
0	Would living away from home have done that or would you have done poorly regardless? I lived at home the entire time I was in college. I got poor grades my first year at college. After that I got my shit together and by my Junior/ Senior years there were very few people in my majors that outperformed me. I'm not saying you wouldn't have done better away from home, but it is a combination of innumerable factors that make up what we do and why. What makes you do what you do and think how you think cannot simply be placed to one thing like not going away for school or for another example being poor. It would have certainly affected who you are today though.   Could you have done better living on your own during school? Sure you could. Could you have ended up worse? Sure you could. Although it is very easy to say I did X because of Y the reality just isn't so simplistic. What makes you who you are and who you will become is a mess of ever growing prior experiences, your perception of those experiences, and those perceptions impact on your perception of future experiences. Some things will have a bigger impact on making you who you are than others but ultimately why you do what you do comes down to an impossible number of factors to even fathom and beyond that stating I did X because of Y will always at least be partially incorrect. Also there is the issue of blaming an external factor rather than a personal one that could be worked in with this issue, or a discussion of consequentialist reasoning, but I think I have been boring enough already.
0	A few things.     You use the word disability, but I don't think you know what that means. By definition, disability is "A physical or mental condition that limits a person's movements, senses, or activities." If you ask me, that describes obesity perfectly. So technically, obesity IS a disability.     I would agree with you, if that were true. But it's not (for the most part.). Last time I checked, Obese people have a very tough social life. I know this because I myself, am overweight. It may be just be 30 or 40 pounds, but I have NO self esteem, No self confidence, I've never been in a relationship, hell, I've never even kissed a girl. So I can tell you without a doubt, Obese people are not coddled. If we were, I wouldn't be depressed, I wouldn't have been called a lardass, fatass, or fat when people chose to pick on me, and I would have at least gotten a pity date. But I have no one else to blame. I am fully aware that my weight is my fault, and my fault only.     The only other thing I think you can be refering to are those scooters they have in stores that fat people use. This may come to a surprise to some people, but fat people have rights too. Stores have scooters for obese people for the same reasons stores have handicapped stalls for wheelchairs. You can't discriminate one group of people. For the obese people who  can  walk, using those scooters is inappropriate, and they  should  walk. But If walking is too painful because of either their weight or muscle deterioration, by all means, use the scooter.       Oh and one more thing for the people who always say "If you're unhappy with yourself, just make a change."   If it were that simple, I wouldn't be where I am right now. Believe me.
0	To add to previous comments, even sex is not polar. There's a normal distributing of sec hormones in everyone (and in utero) which leads to a normal distribution of phenotypes. Add in various more or less subtle chromosomal abnormalities which have their own normal distribution between the peaks of what we consider the extreme (theoretical) poles of male and female and we have a continuum of sex as well as gender. Granted with significant peaks but a spectral continuum nonetheless.
0	Omg I knew a kid/neighbour who was like this. He borrowed my copy of FFVII for over a year. He'd say he wasn't even playing it anymore but refused to give it back. He'd just dodge me. Pretend he wasn't home. Pretend he was busy. Wouldn't come to the door when I knocked and his parents answered (Don't know why I didn't just ask him mom to get the game for me.. I was young and stupid I guess). Anyways, I heard that he wanted to watch the movie Snatch. Hey, I owned the Snatch DVD. So I messaged him on MSN and offered to lend him my Snatch DVD in exchange for the game. He agreed and told me to come over. I went over to his house (literally 6 houses down) and rung on the doorbell. He answered it himself for the first time in months. I asked for the game and he handed it to me. He asked for the movie and I just turned around and walked home. Haven't been friends since. Fucker.
1	While the changes also seem a bit excessive to me, I think the intentions are good(Plat 2 ADC main and I FUCKING HATE PANTHEON). Its in line with how they are treating long range ults as a whole(TF, Noc etc.). The problem is 100% the lack of counter play to Pantheons post 6 play. It just too face roll to press R from across the map and double kill bot lane. I think they should remove all changes except the ult range. This will allow lanes to ward appropriately to prevent him from ganking, but still allow him to punish lanes that don't invest the resources in vision.
1	I think it's more about the people you play the game with, some are competive and like winning, others play for fun. It's all random who you queue up with, example: "Yesterday I decided to solo (yolo) queue and ran into some nice people. During champ select someone mentioned that we had so many animal champs (or in the kit). So we decided to stick with that and unleashed the zoo upon summoner's rift. We lost quite hard, but had fun all the time. After the match we went on for another round, this time with birds, like previous game: load, get stomped, still fun" 10/10 would play with these guys again.   Other times like you mentioned, the game can be frustating and exhausting for some people. Or you get trolls/feeders that just ruins the game. Some people set goals for themself, maybe get to the next league or tier, or simply master a new champ. You should set goals for yourself and always play to win, but this is a game, and games are supposed to be fun, so remember that.   Also, you should try finding some other people playing just for fun, there are a lot of them out there. Same with different game modes (bravery or protect the soraka/teemo). Or simply take a small break, play something else, then come back.
0	you're not missing out. I once fingered a girl for 30 minutes at least. Then she got up to climb over me and let out a giant lip flapping low frequency queef in my face. Then proceeded to collapse on the bed and get super embarrassed. It was the first time I experienced a queef. From what people told me, it was like a whoosh sound and silent. This thing sounded like a god damn lumberjack rip. Another girl i was with did the same thing and it sounded the same so I can confirm that its normal.
0	I feel you. I had an exam in a course I had abandoned because I was changing my degree and didn't need it. Took the exam just for the heck of it. Who knows what will happen right? BTW if you haven't figured it out yet this is at university level of education.   It was an oral exam and I had been to none of the classes through the year, and had probably read about 50 pages out of the whole curriculum. Which was probably around 500 to 600 pages if memory serves.   Some exam day I walk in and draw my subject/question. Upon reading it I was like "Well this is nice, I know some of these words." That should be read as I had no fucking clue what I was being asked about.   Too early to give up though as I was given 20 minutes of preparation after getting the question.   First thing I did in the prep room was to go to the back of the book and see if the index contained some of the fancy words from the question. Within seconds I found what I was looking for and then it was just getting the gist of things within the time left.   Once time was up I am called into the exam room. There are two professors/teachers sitting at a table covered in green cloth because that stuff is relaxing or something to that tone. They look at me and I stare them back in their face. I like to think we both know the time has come. Bullshit time.   I start my bullshit presentation. If bullshit detectors existed and were present in the same way you have detectors for radioactive rays in a nuclear plant we would be at a level you would only find during a meltdown just outside the core. Yep my bullshit engine was going and it was running at maximum RPM.   About 3/4 into the exam I had been talking non stop and only been interrupted a little now and again but the exterminators by small questions on the things I had glanced over maybe a bit too fast they choose it was time to test me in a simple case made up on the spot.   For those of you who do not know this is usually something that is done when you go for the good grades. First you show you know the theory then if they are convinced you do know it you might get to try and apply it on a case.   Well I almost had a heart attack when they stopped me the first time as usually being stopped mid sentence is a bad thing. Oh, did we forget that I know that I am bullshitting my way through this? At the point where I was stopped I was sure they had had enough. I mean how could they not?   Imagine my surprise at getting a free pass during the last 1/4 of the time of the exam. Talking about a case made up on the spot is probably one of the easiest things you can do as a bullshitter.   Finally the time was up and I walk out of the room convinced that I might just have scored a passing grade. If this confuses you it is because there are two people examining me and they have to agree on a grade and I am not allowed in the room during that discussion.   A minute or two passes which can be both good and a bad thing depending on your outlook. For me it was more or less like waiting to get hanged. Yet as time has a way of doing it does not wait even for me.  Which I might add it should.   I get called back into the room and I am praised. I score the second highest possible grade which pouts me in a shell shocked state. Like a poorly build humanoid robot from Japan I thank them and of on my way I go.   It takes a couple of minutes to finally sink in that I passed an exam with flying colors, and one I had made zero preparations for at that. I feel kind of cheated actually. Why do you ask? Well if anything this showcases just how random an exam can be. I really do not thing you should be able to get good grades when you have not done the work needed to get them. It just becomes too random when you can ace an exam like that and fail one you have worked on with all your might simply because you might have been a bit unlucky compared to being lucky.
1	Why stop there? Why stop with China? If you want a filthy rich retirement, I can't imagine a better place to finish your career than NA. A god-tier Korean that took the time to learn English could, eventually, make huge money on Twitch (I would imagine), especially someone the likes of Kakao. All while playing on an NA team, making a decent salary and winning Worlds, of course. Other perks: Las Vegas. Fast food at every corner. Pizza. Uncensored porn. No restrictions on girlfriends. Americans love drugs and alcohol. It would be a blast! Look at LMQ, all Chinese team... but we embraced them as our own. They would be welcomed and loved.
1	Let's run some numbers on BOTRK vayne vs Trinity Vayne     Gold costs are similar (3628 vs 3200), so we'll throw in another dagger in to the BOTRK for the balancing question.     Crit% is essentially over long periods a % increase to AA damage, so I'll factor that accordingly     On trinity vayne, we'll assume you are maxing Q first, and W on a BOTRK vayne.  I'll take this at level 9 in both cases     BOTRK has life steal and a nice active.  I am going to say that if the damage is similar, the BOTRK will win because of this in a 1v1 situation, and because lifesteal is very nice on vayne due to getting outranged in lane     Runes not included because they will be equal or similar     Tumble is a potential AA reset.  I'm going to give both a generous and a non-generous estimate on how effective of a reset this is, one assuming instant free auto with no animation delay, and one assuming no AA reset.     I'm not throwing in the condemn damage and resulting silver bolts application here, as it's annoying to calculate and we'll assume is saved to be situational and will have a similar effect in both cases       Ok, caveats done.  To damage:   BOTRK build:  AA Damage: Base AD(50 + 3.25 / level @ level 9 = 79.25 ) + BOTRK AD (25) = 104.25 + 5% current HP Attack Speed: 0.658 (+3.1% / level @ level 9 = +27.9% ) + BORTK AS (40%) + Dagger AS (12%) = 1.184 Effective AS, perfect reset (+1 auto every 5s) = +.2 = 1.384  Tumble Damage (level 2): 135% AD = 140.74 every 5s Silver Bolts Damage(level 5): 60 true + 8% maxHP true / 3 autos   DPS, generous: AA: 144.28 + 6.92% currentHP Tumble: 7.30 Silver Bolts: 27.65 + 3.67% maxhp  Total: 179.23 +  6.92% currentHP + 3.67% maxhp   DPS, pessimistic: AA: 123.43 + 5.92 % currentHP Tumble: 7.30 Silver Bolts: 23.72 + 3.16% maxhp  Total: 154.45+  5.92% currentHP + 3.16% maxhp   On to trinity force:   AA Damage: Base AD(50 + 3.25 / level @ level 9 = 79.25 ) + TF AD (30) = 109.25 Attack Speed: 0.658 (+3.1% / level @ level 9 = +27.9% ) + TF AS (30%) = 1.039 Effective AS, perfect reset (+1 auto every 2s) = +.5 = 1.539 Tumble Damage (level 5): 150% AD + 200%baseAD sheen proc = (163.875+158.5) = 321.75 every 2s Silver Bolts Damage(level 2): 30 true + 5% maxHP true / 3 autos Crit modifier: +10% AA damage   DPS, generous: AA: 168.14 Tumble: 106.25 Silver Bolts: 15.38 + 2.56% maxHP true  Total: 289.77 +  2.56% maxHP true   DPS, pessimistic: AA: 124.87 Tumble: 106.25 Silver Bolts: 10.39 + 1.73% maxhp  Total: 245.51 + 1.73% maxhp   So its nearly 100 DPS difference across both estimates in favor of the trinity force.   I actually didn't expect that. At all.  That 200% sheen proc on the 2 second tumble with a maxed Q is huge.  The only real worry is that you only further scale that Q with cooldown reduction, not so much on attack speed.  This might be good for a certain type of midgame power spike, especially with an extended laning phase, but it will delay your lategame damage that is all about stacking attack speed with silver bolts.   I didn't factor Final Hour into the calculations, but it actually synergizes with this decently, mostly on adding the stealth to the 2-second tumble, and the attack damage being multiplied on the tumble attacks as well.   If you wanted to go into a traditional lategame build, you could build a BT and continue with the normal build with the trinity force taking the place of the phantom dancer.  If you really wanted to abuse it though, you could build CDR boots and even a black cleaver to get close to the CDR cap.   A full build path trying to abuse trinity force might look like this:   TF/Ionian boots -> BT -> Black Cleaver -> Infinity Edge -> Mercurial Scimitar   That gets your tumble down to 1.5 second CD. This could be very nice, especially in someplace like top lane where you get to abuse someone without a long AA range.   CONCLUSION  AKA
1	Alright i'm going to give some criticism while trying to not sound like a flameking.   >* Editing   Editing was meh (imo) the colour-correction with the tint and the light-strobe effects ruined some parts that could have been nicer.   >* The clips.   Clips was meh aswell nothing really special, something you would gather in a day (you should take more time to gather clips, will bring up the quality alot)   >* The music.   Suprisingly i actually liked the music, it fit the style you were going for and it wasnt just Drum'n'Bass like most League of Legends montages/edits, However for my personal taste i think League montages should have abit more "epic" music, like movie music-themes or orchestra-type of music.
1	A while ago, before the Heimerdinger Vu i saw a video of a riot employee. I forgot the name, he showed his work flow using a video of him making heimerdingers vu, But also "SINGED". Although I havent heard anybody else say anything about it so it might still be a ways off. But the beginning is there, he just might not be the next  in line.
1	In my opinion the reason why people dont watch support is because the learning curve for the CHAMPION is not that high, but what people do no realize is that spontaneous decision making is the highest aspect playing a good support. I respect all the high level support players as a person who also prefers to play support, and hope that people realize that one slight decision that a support makes could save the carries from dying.   With that said I actually watch solo top players, because I can learn HOW high level players play them, and mimicking them actually improves my performance. For example, I have been eyeing on Riven and was going to buy her when I get enough IP, but bought her with her 50% sale with RP. I immediately played a game with her and went on to dominate my opponents with 0 prior experience from just WATCHING how to play her.   However with supports, since the champions itself has a low learning curves, if there is no commentary on internal thought process, people would not be able to learn the subtle spontaneous decision makings. Without them, the stream is seems dry since it seems like I am watching something that is repetitive until mid game, and I am not really inspired to watch for 20 min of lane phase for 10~20 min mid~late game phase with 0 commentary or 0 humor.   I love watching Nhat Nguyen because even though he provides not much commentary about HIS decision making, his humor and his sometimes non serious humorous games make it fun to watch and listen to him.
1	I think people play Ezreal because of the way he "feels" to play with. Yes! I got a quadra with my ulti from across the map! Yes! I sniped that bitch in the brushes with my Q for first blood! Yes! Totally just combo'd the fawk outta that Karthus before he could do anything to me! Etc etc. I think he's good because he does his job VERY well in the right situations, and a good Ezreal is more valuable than a good Graves, or a good Caitlyn. His spells have virtually no animation lag, no channel time, and he runs smoothly, in general. Plus, abusing his W late game is just as effective as GP's Raise Morale in when pushing turrets.
0	What you do is make today slightly better than yesterday.  No big steps.  Here is an example that I did, and I lost 10 pounds doing so:   I used to eat snacks out of the box.  Now I weigh the snacks into portions, and put them in smaller containers.  Now each snack is  exactly  150 calories.  Which is a large enough snack for me to feel satiated, and also small enough that it has a small caloric footprint.  Best of all, it feels like there is no change.  I don't feel like I gave up anything.   If you keep making these small changes, then after time you begin to have massive shifts in life style without even noticing it.  You never crave the old way because you honestly feel nothing changed.  I've lost over 20 pounds in about 2 months doing this.  I'm now dropping over 2 pounds a week from small diet changes + exercise.  Yesterday I climbed a mountain (~1500 feet) in an hour and didn't feel out of breath.  It was amazing.
0	We are one of the strongest countries in the world, lasting 237 years - most countries fall or are overthrown by that time. We have a staggeringly impressive military, and state of the art technology is being developed every day. We have never lost a war before (leaving the Vietnam war as an exception, considering we bailed out - we did not want to be involved in further in the conflicts between the North and South vietnamese. Saying that, we never won or lost).   And this is something to be proud of? Your "win rate" in wars? Your argument here is bizarre; I can't understand what point you are trying to make exactly. The fact that as a country the US has a large military and win wars (the circumstances under which several over the last century have been conducted being sinister at best) people will fall in line and love US foreign policy?   If we concern ourselves with post-WW2 (essentially recent history, recent enough that a reasonable amount of the world's population was alive to experience it) US foreign policy has dictated it involve itself in the affairs of other countries more than any other - look at Grenada, Vietnam, Iraq, etc.   International reaction to the Invasion of Grenada:   > By a vote of 108 in favour to 9 (Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, Dominica, El Salvador, Israel, Jamaica, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and the United States) voting against, with 27 abstentions, the United Nations General Assembly adopted General Assembly Resolution 38/7 which "deeply deplores the armed intervention in Grenada, which constitutes a flagrant violation of international law and of the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of that State".   This kind of action with perceived impunity from the US government does not give it a good worldwide image in the slightest. Just as Britain did a couple centuries back, in recent years US military forces have destabilized large swathes of the world in order to forcibly conform countries to it's own global image. Just look at the US governments involvement in the Pinochet regime (which it publicly denounced but monetarily backed):   >A document released by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in 2000, titled "CIA Activities in Chile", revealed that the CIA actively supported the military junta after the overthrow of Allende, and that it made many of Pinochet's officers into paid contacts of the CIA or U.S. military, even though some were known to be involved in human rights abuses.   And the US governments treatment of democratically-elected president of Venezuela Hugo Chavez largely because of his opposition to US foreign policy. These are just some events in recent history and there are people worldwide still remember these events.
1	Haha morons, first off i am bronze 3 in solo Q after 800ranked matches, nice system riot. well and i am challangar on ranked 3v3 cuz i can play with no retards (i have onli played 5games but still).
1	I think you're misunderstanding me :L   I'm not saying there is malice in saying "GG". I'm saying it's an acronym, like "ASAP" or "OMW", which stands for "good game". When you tell someone an acronym, the person takes it as it is. In person, if you say "good game", your body language gives additional signals that help avoid misunderstanding. Miscommunication is easy when you are looking at a screen. How often have you seen someone read a comment and start arguing with someone, only to have both commenters end up realising they were actually agreeing since the start? Acronyms were made to communicate a message that delivers the same, simple message, every time.   I'm not at all saying that typing "GG" at the end of a "bad" game is a crime. I'm saying, for the sake of clarity, that I think typing "WP" is more appropriate when one team had a troll/afk/other major disadvantage that took the fun out.
1	I like Karma as much as anyone, but she really isn't anywhere near as good as you make her out to be.   Her sustain is pretty awful.  At level 1 it heals for about 65 hp, and you can only use it 2 times a minute until level 7.  At level 5 it does about 180 2 times every 50 seconds.   Compare to soraka who heals for about 70 at level 1 and can do it 3 times a minute, and at 5 its 350 3 times a minute.  Alistar at level 1 is 60 and its 5 times a minute and at level 5 it's 180 5 times a minute.   Soraka's heal might not be AoE but it's still much higher heals and it gives the huge armor boost which negates a ton of damage if used correctly.   So karma's sustain is far from great, the damage aspect of her Q is decent, but it's such short range that there is a good chance that if you're trying to poke with it than most of the time you're going not going to outdamage the incoming trade.  Than if you try to use your shield for more poke than lose your ability to sustain.   So the problem karma has in lane is she has the choice of being an aggresive poker with maxing her shield or a mediocre sustainer by maxing Q.  You can't really be both at the same time.   The only support role she plays well is aggressive poker, but still I'd put alistar and leona above her in terms of aggressive supports.  She also falls off really hard lategame if you build her as a support as without items her damage and heals are pretty negligible late, and she has no utily.   So I really disagree that she can just as powerful as the more common supports, the difference between karma mid and other mids is much smaller than karma support and other supports actually in my opinion.   Although with all that said play who you want, as long as you support your AD and don't just spam Q or E and steal all his farm it doesn't really matter.   Also orianna is great, people are just sceptical that people in solo Q can play her so they don't give people the benefit of the doubt.
0	might be? i guess it's a good thing we're in 2014, cause in the 30s and 40s in europe your 'might' would easily have been an 'is'. shitty people pass shitty genes and have shitty families, doesn't take a degree from oxford to figure that one out. rich people have stuck up kids that know nothing about responsibility or how their actions affect the world because you spoil the shit out of them and then, because of your salary, they are given the finest education, see we elevate the shitty kids in society not because they're good people but because they have money, then these kids who don't know how to wash their own clothes are going into college trying to be the next ceo. shitty people ruining the world. or the opposite, the poor spectrum. kids aren't raised with money, so they learn how to take it by stealing, drug dealing, killing. in a society that does very little to fix the problem, they [the shitty rich kids who run the country that we mentioned before] cover it up, because theyre shitty kids, they're spoiled, they've never seen drug addiction or a drive by, so they try to diagnose the issue that they know nothing about behind a 600,000$ salary in DC, like putting band aids on cancer patients, you've never confronted real fear or poverty, but you think you know everything, so you think giving them free health care and the whole lot will make them more active and want to get better jobs, but it does the opposite doesn't it? and then we have shitty people like the dude who started this post, and it just revolves and revolves and revolves around bullshit.
1	Look at your death recaps. Check to see how much of the damage was from magic, and how much from physical, and build resists appropriately. You've got the right percentages when one of two things happen: (1) you stop dying, or (2) when you die it's 50/50. That said, I like to start with cloth armor and hp pots. Most of the damage dealt in the first few levels is from autoattacks, which cloth helps to mitigate. The next item depends on who I'm laning against, but is subject to change based on overall enemy team comp. If I die to an autoattacker/AD carry but he's the only one on his team, I'm not going to build a Thornmail.   Tank builds are the most flexible, I think. You have to build to counter, so it's difficult to say "here's a build that always works; go forth and pwn" because that would be a blatant lie. However, I'll tell you my typical build and the reasoning behind it. I start with cloth, get a philo stone and a hog on first or second trip back, boots1, negatron or null magic mantle (negatron to build into FoN if the enemy team is caster heavy, or null magic to build into mercs if they have CC), giant's belt, finish FoN, finish boots, buy glacial shroud, build giant's belt into warmog's, build glacial shroud into frozen heart, build either banshee's or sunfire depending on enemy team comp, and finish with an atma's. FoN is highest MR, and FH is second highest armor, so by the time you've got those three items, you should be pretty unkillable.   Remember that you're building in response to enemy builds. If there are champions who can build either AP or AD, look at their builds before committing to a particular set of items. Don't be caught off guard if you see an AD Teemo when you expected AP. Again, always look at your death recaps. They're extremely helpful.   Be flexible with your builds. I've built both Thornmail and FH in a single game because the enemy team was dumb enough to have pretty much only AD. 300 armor, 4k hp, and 75 MR is better than 190 of each resist against all AD comps, and vice versa for AP comps. It's unlikely that you'll see such AD/AP heavy teams, though, so usually you should have an approximately equal amount of each resist.   Also, know what type of damage each champion does, and how much damage they do. If I see a tank, a support, two melee autoattackers, and a nuker, I'm going to prioritize MR. I can disregard the tank and support, because they're not major damage dealers (not that they should be completely neglected, but they type of damage they do is less relevant because they deal less damage), and the autoattackers are melee, so they also focus on survivability early game, so I know that the main source of damage early game (probably balancing out later in the game) will be AP. So in that case, don't rush a sunfire/thornmail.
1	I usually don't comment in salty bitchposts but here's the thing: your viewpoint on the game is just plain wrong.   If you're good enough you will climb. ALWAYS. NO MATTER WHAT.   Every game one side has to win and one side has to lose; matchmaking builds roughly even teams comprised largely from players of the same general skill range. If you're complaining about how your teams don't care enough to play their best, statistically speaking the other side has just as high a likelihood of getting these players, who will throw on behalf of their team. If you're the outlier, the higher-skilled player who doesn't flame and plays his best EVERY time, your team has a 20% lower chance of having these players because (if the above are true) you are not one of them.
0	I'm going to explain this to you one time and one time only.   I am replying to the claims that you can only defend yourself to the deal if you fear for your life or imminent threat as if those claims are true because I am fucking lazy.   a) You can't tell me when I should fear for my life and I am positive I could convince a jury if needed. Hypothetically.   b) It doesn't fucking matter because that premise is wrong in the first God damned place.   >“An illegal arrest is an assault and battery. The person so attempted to be restrained of his liberty has the same right to use force in defending himself as he would in repelling any other assault and battery.” (State v. Robinson, 145 ME. 77, 72 ATL. 260).
1	You're going to die until you play enough that your brain learns to instinctually respond with the right behavior.  Of course it helps to have conscious awareness of fundamentals, but the kind of mental processing you need to succeed develops mostly from trial and error.   Yeah the right champ can help (a known unknown), but really, the problem is that you don't even know what you're doing wrong (too many unknown unknowns) and also your reflexes (since you're new) are not trained.  To confound this, reflexes develop at different rates in different people.  So you need to:     A) Learn fundamentals like positioning and map awareness to the point where it's unconscious (like spotting a car in your mirrors, like remembering to check the blind spot before changing lanes).     B) Know your available resources to the point where you are very aware in an implicit way how much punishment you can take vs. give out within the span of a few seconds, so you can be effective in fights & survive towerdives (burst damage is almost always more important than your overall DPS).       I'm going from total noob with lots of negative ratios to usually going positive k/d/a so long as I use a champ I'm used to and so gotten that unconscious understanding.   I'm not going to give you any champ recommendations.  I'd say play as many different champs as possible as much as possible because you'll get way better not having a set pattern of how to play imprinted on your brain.  You'll have a thorough understanding of how much power your enemy has since you've played their champ enough.
0	What i don't get about feminism is that everything a feminist claim they want equality for woman in the workplace, fair treatment ect is being mixed up with things that have nothing to do with being a girl and everything to do with being a human.   For example girls complaining about the media pressuring them to look pretty blah blah blah are forgetting that guys get pressured the same way, that's just corporate marketing there is no gender bais lol. If a girl goes to a job interview and is a feminist, let's say the interviewer was an old man and the interview was super awkward the interview didn't seem to be postive ect, she is more then likely to say that situation happened because she's a girl and she's not being treated fairly when that shit happened because she's a human being and maybe inadequate for the job. It's because of people like this that the image of feminism is pretty much ruined, they take normal everyday problems and victimize themselves. It's a shame too because there are some real problems for woman. but that's mostly in 3rd world countries i.e something the majority of american feminist who just victimize themselves don't seem to give a shit about. Feminism seems to be more of an exuse then anything, the CEO of yahoo is a girl worth about 300million+ dollars the "glass ceiling," might exist, but it's more of a problem in certain industries or corporations with management ladders made of mostly men, and lets face it in companies were management is composed of mostly women men face the exact same problem.
0	Well you just used the word science there.  What most people think of with psychology is a therapist with a person lying on a couch.  That's just one area of psychology - counseling psychology, and that's only one facet of that area.  A lot of people don't realize that there is a lot more to it than that.  It's incredibly scientific.  Wouldn't you say that researching why a lesion on a certain area of the brain could cause someone's behavior and personality to completely change is scientific?  If you were just thinking of the therapist situation as the entirety of psychology, definitely go look up some other fields because it's really interesting.  You might change your mind about whether or not it's a science.   I would agree with you and say that it is kind of a social science, but it's still a science.  It has a lot to do with social interactions because psychology studies mental processes and how they relate to people's behavior.  I am in no way claiming to be some kind of expert.  I'm just an undergrad psych major, but over the past 3 years, I've had to constantly defend my major to my friends who tell me that I don't have a real major.  It's harder than people think.
1	Different types of aggressive. If they are over extending the lane all of a sudden, someone else is generally somewhere in range. If the jungler is set up for the gank, the laner will try and bait you towards a brush with the jungler, or let you over extend so they can perform a pincer gank. If they let the lane fall back, stay just a bit out of range, as to keep the jungler's attention for the most amount of time, getting whatever CS you can without a chance of dying. The jungler will often go off to another lane, recognizing that you are anticipating a gank and the laner will go back to regular play.   A good laner will not show signs, other than maybe subtly maneuvering the creep wave and the fight towards one side of the lane. But that doesn't mean that the jungler is on that side. There are too many possibilities.   Wards can almost eliminate ganks. [Here is an in depth guide.](   [
1	I understand "more like", of course :) but I still think the differences are a bit too vast to compare them easily at all.   Plus, unlike Chess, very few games in LoL or SCII end up in a draw xD   Added the
1	Jinx's Ultimate is an execute and cannot be compared.   Ashe's Ultimate is a cc and cannot be compared.   So the only one we can really compare this to it's Ezreal's Ult since they both only exist to do damage.     Assuming you have 200 bonus ad at level 11 - 15:   Ezreal's Ultimate would do 700 (500 + 200) for 100 mana.   Draven's Ultimate would do 990 (200*2.2 + 550) for 120 mana.   Furthermore it's very likely that Draven would build pure dps where as Ezreal would be spending gold on mana regen, so it's likely that Draven would having more ad than Ezreal at level 11 - 15.   So 20 extra mana for so much extra damage seems more than reasonable.
0	I think a god is necessary for people with an external locus of control. They need to feel they answer for their actions. For people who take responsibility for their actions atheism is fine, but we are few and far between.
0	I find that if I comment, nobody will read it, and wont care. This is probably my second comment, and I've never made a post.   Edit:
0	The other night I got pulled over for a tag light being out. Legitimately had no idea. I was stoned and a bit tipsy. There was an open case of beers in the back seat, but no open containers.   Officer says "hello, there!" as he walked up. I have all papers ready when he gets to the window.   "Was I speeding officer?"   "Nah, nothing wrong with your driving. But you've got a tag light out."   "Tag light? hmm... hmm, I had no idea."   "Yeah, no biggie. No ticket or anything, just gonna give you a warning."   "...welp, thats my tax dollars working like they should. Thank you sir." I hand him my papers.   He flashes his light into my back seat and has a prolonged peek. I speak when I realize, "I understand there are beers back there, officer", before he can speak.   "Oh thats fine, dont worry about it. You're of legal age. Have you been drinking at all tonite?"   with maybe 1 second of hesitation, "one beer, yes sir." matter-of-factly.   "one beer huh?" continues to snoop. "Anything illegal in the vehicle?"   "No sir, haha. Nothing illegal in my vehicle."   "Are those swisher sweets back there?" as he sees an empty pack.   a half-second of hesitation, "There's nothing illegal in the vehicle, officer." I was not rude at all. Just held my stance firmly.   "Alright then! I'll be right back."   He's in his car for about 4 minutes, then comes back with some paper work for me to fill out with my info. Lets me go. I love the police.
0	Ok, here is the thing... I've been a frustrated young adult male since 17... It was especially horrid when I saw my same age half brother easily maneuver his way through the bedrooms of a dozen beautiful art students. The feelings of jealousy and resentment I had fed my ego until it actually burst. For five years he dated a beautiful fashion model and the hate I could never show was palpable.   I would get drunk and throw wild fits of rage at this and many other life issues... All I could think about was "Why not me?" and I felt shitty for it, because acheiving the successes I thought I needed seemed nearly impossible.   This bred resentment to attractive women and made me hate myself to the point of futility. I simply gave up and spent four years gaming and toking until I nearly fried myself. I also drank and sometimes did other drugs, but never to a point of danger. I still managed to make and maintain friendships, because I forced myself to be social despite a stutter and dismal self esteem. I never went to school and didn't bother to develop any useful skills, other than making great first impressions at job interviews, working out and a bit of writing.   Still, I felt inadequate. I tried Pick Up in a futile attempt to reconcile my painful lack of love life, only to realize I was learning how to be fake and creepy.   I second guessed everything I ever said and every action I ever took. My friends all called me "Friendzone" and laughed at me. They even made 50+ Suicidal Damir memes, which can be located on quickmeme.   Still... It all changed... I finally realized that life is NOT about me... If you want love from the person you want, you have to love yourself first. You're good at certain things, most likely have two arms, two legs and a mouth... What can't you accomplish?   I decided I was going to be grateful for all the rejection... That I would be proud of having female friends who would never sleep with me, and that I would treat them like I want to be treated! Guess what happened? Everything changed. I started seeing a counselor, which helped me tremendously, and began to let go of guilt, shame and resentment. My life changed.   Women are people who, like you, feel insecure, isolated and shitty at times. They feel emotions at a deeper level than us males, at times,  and therefore need compassion and a good listener. They do not deserve to be used or labelled simply based on their appearance. Next time you talk with a woman, any woman, even your mom, ask her about the qualities they appreciate in men... This way you can work on yourself to become a person worthy of the partner of your dreams. That's what happened to me, and guess what, she is NOT scumbag Stacey.   Msg me if you ever want to talk or need advice! I know how you feel!
1	I see where you're coming from, actually i've already had some argument about it with close friends who share your opinion, and i actually agree with what you just said : it's easier to carry as a damage champ. It´s obvious! But my point is that while champ like riven, syndra or even vayne are carry monsters that can stomp a game, but they may not be appropriate for every player. Actually for the most of summoners, they are not. There is summoners that are better at warding, ganking, teamfight, or whatever, and if you put these summoners in the midlane they wont be able to win more than 50% of their games because that's simply not where they are good at. But put them at support and they will win 70% perhaps. Because they are simply good at it! I think that there is no "better role to carry" in league, it is more about using what you do the best. Yes, zed 1shotin people seems like carrying. But zoning other carries from the fight with leona is as efficient !
1	Athene hit's the nail with this one. Even tho he lacks morals, (constant lieing about his achievements to get fame) he is still a very intelligent guy.   However: There is even more important things if you want to be a pro. Natural reflexes comes to mind, you won't be a pro unless you have natural talent, now mater how much you practise.   The other big thing is confidence and experience. The best players are the best cause they always preform. I think most people are not fit to be pro players cause they can't take the presure of big money games. A good example of this would be aAa who seems to choke at live events.
1	I have found myself in the jungle fairly often in ranked silver d3, not great but i know what's going on in the game. Here is my advice.   1) play jungles with cc and good clear times (for me it's chi, xin, and jax) 2) i rush spirit stone and ninja tabi. Ss for mana and clear times, tabi for obvious reasons (can also get boots 5). Upgrade ss to the tenacity upgrade mid game. 3) gank lvl 2 after blue if possible (cho or jax for me, not worth it on xin) 4) clear jungle as fast as possible and go top/mid to gank first. Look for where support is warding bottom after 5min as they probably have only 1 ward out, this means that either tri or dragon is warded so you have 2 routes w/ no ward. Gank bot then and don't be afraid to burn your flash if you get a kill. 5) if you have a lame that is losing, buy a tent (pink ward) for them and camp that lane. Unless you need other lanes to get fed more, this us the best strat because then you are getting the enemy mid/top/bot to complain to their jungle and start potential in-fighting. This is the reverse of what happens to you.   Note: pink wards, when used properly, i have found to turn around games so fast because it does 4 things. Takes away enemy vision ( 1) lose farm and 2) you have more kill potential), grants vision (3) helps a teamate and 4) you buying wards shows you want them to succeed, boosting moral)
0	Adapting" is a much more objective approach than "being oneself" would be. As a person like OP, when I socialize with others I'll likely feel apathetic about everything they have to say, but I'll mimic enthusiasm/ interest/disdain/etc. to you know, fit in or whatever. Now I know everybody does this to an extent, but in my experience it has gotten to a point that I do this with everyone all the time, even my family. I'm well liked amongst many different cliques and social groups, but I don't feel close to anyone really. Every interest that I've developed over the years has been tailored to impress others, every mannerism artificial and changeable. Being a good liar really helps this too.
0	This is the only area where China would still benefit. They have the largest supply of rare earth minerals which are required for making advanced technological devices like the iPhone.   In the event of a fall in the Chinese economy that would be the only thing that keeps them afloat.   But let's be honest, the US owes China a lot of money. China would not jeopardize the money that is owed to them and their economy in a war with the US. This is not the '50s and they are not being run by a highly idealized communist regime. Nor do they have a military power allied with them that can match the US and EU/NATO like they did back in the '50s when the USSR was a major power.   China has North Korea and Pakistan, maybe. If Pakistan enters the war though that will be localized with Pakistan and India fighting each other for the most part. China also has a global economy dependent on many nations that would ally with the US or would be blocked from trading with by the US Navy. In short, getting into a fight with the US would only be long term detrimental to China and they are smart enough to know the consequences.   If North Korea decided to outright attack the US, which is the ONLY way we'd get into a war with them and we all know it so stop acting like we're just going to smack them around for no reason. China would either remain neutral or at most allow refugees to seek safety fromt he war. They would NOT go to North Korea's aid. For one it would work in their favor to have North Korea gone. A united Korea would end up having stronger ties to other Asian countries than to the US. South Korea has such a strong tie BECAUSE OF North Korea being a constant threat.   Remove that threat and the united Korea would be able to no longer rely on the US as a major defense and trade partner. They would be able to trade much more openly with China, who would take an interest in helping to rebuild the infrastructure of the north and get it up to speed with South Korea, and would probably focus more on trade with other Asian nations since the constant US supply would be less frequent with a smaller US military force present. Fewer US personel equates to less of a US based market.
0	My dad blacked out for a few seconds once after a hard fit of coughing, as soon as he started to fall, I caught him and lowered him to the floor while my sister remained frozen in her seat and my mother ran around screaming like a headless chicken. I directed my sister to call 911 because my mom, at this point, was less than useless. He woke up again before the paramedics even got there and just sort of wondered why my mom was crying and why he was laying on the floor instead of sitting on his chair. I've blacked out before so I know there's a memory gap between just before the black out and waking up again. So the paramedics showed up a minute later and checked his vitals made their report and were on their way.
0	After subscribing for months, I disagree about r/mensrights being 'open, polite, and kind', as well as it being about trying to achieve equality.   I'm not a feminist, but I am female.  I joined because I really do believe that everyone should be equal, and I wanted to observe the conversations to ensure that I'm not unintentionally contributing to inequality. I joined hoping to learn, and left fed up with reading senseless woman-bashing.   I get annoyed when I see a woman twist something to make it look like it is intentionally diminishing the role of women, and I get equally annoyed when I see a man do the opposite.   My experience with r/mensrights was that it is a place where men who have made crappy choices come together to blame women for the consequences of their actions, sprinkled with a couple of people who actually seem to be interested in finding equality.  I suspect r/feminism may be the female version of what I found in /r/mensrights, based on the comments I've read on reddit, but I've never actually gone to find out first hand. I did not encounter openness, kindness or politeness.  I did read far too many "you suck, no you suck" conversations between the radical feminist 'trolls' and the guys on the subreddit, so I suppose the fact that the feminist comments aren't removed could be considered open...
1	Boy, your teacher must have hated grading your work. You just go on and on about things that could be explained in 1 sentence.
0	Heh, all depends on what you're buying.  Bought a phone off of someone when it was brand new, met in a mcdonalds downtown, nicer part of town during the day, all went nice and smooth.   Bought some rims and 33" mud tires off some guy by the docks at night at a STEEP discount.  Now that was some sketchy shit.  Deal ended up going down smoothly and I got my rims, but lets just say everyone knew everyone was carrying a pistol by the time the transaction was complete.
0	Fun story time. I'm at college and friend asks if I can help him pick up a couch from this lady on craigslist. He says he'll pay me ten bucks to do it. So we get to this lady's apartment and I'm waiting with my truck. He and another come out caring the most disgusting couch I have ever seen. We load up couch in the back of the truck, and then  it hits me. My gut releases a warning fart. Cursed methane to say 'you shouldn't have eaten that sushi today, you 2 minutes, go.' I run through my head of places to go, but I decide to ask the lady if I can use her restroom. I run up the stair to her apartment, bang on her door with sweaty palms. Every bit of my body was doing all it can to not shit myself.   I ask "guh, would it be weird if I used your restroom?" "Uh yeah?" She responded. terror washed over me and my face contorted under my self induced agony. " kidding, go right ahead" she finished. I pushed right pass her into the most disgusting place were (I'm told) people live. There was trash everywhere and rooms with blocked doorways filled with garbage. Also I'm pretty sure there was just a dead hamster just kind of laying there. The stench smelled worse than a 2 week old animal carcass. I get to her bathroom jerk the door shut, and as soon as my ass hits toilet, explosion. I have never before or since know any relief greeter than that, the only thing that comes kind of close is one time I went more than a month without jerking it or sex. Anyway after I'm done, I look around I see no toilet paper.  I went down the list of items I could use; hand no, towel no, shower curtain no. Then a light went off in my brain.   What is the one thing in a bathroom that women have fucks tons of? That's right maxi pads and tampons, I grab a big clean wad of pads. Wipe, first discovering that there is in fact a very sticky side to the pads (ripped out some hair). I finish and flush, and toilet starts to clog. I don't care, I run out to my truck and leave. That friend of mine end up having to through away that couch that day because it was so nasty. He paid 40 dollars for it. I dropped my ten somewhere., I guess that's what I get or something.
0	Similar situation here.   Had a coworker that was always on time, called out rarely(she came into work when she was having a heart attack) and one day, no call no show.   Everyone was worried, having no luck getting her by phone, so I went to her place on my lunch and knocked. No answer, but I saw her car there and something didn't feel right. I got the apartment management involved and told them everything, that she never called out, never was late and was not answering calls. They knocked, still got nothing and we then got the Police involved for a wellness check(only legal way to enter her apartment).   We find out that she had passed in her sleep.   Sad, but the good news of it was that she was living with her daughter and her daughter was going to be out of the country for the next week. I can't imagine the trauma of that situation.
1	I think a point of difference between yours and Madlife's hook is that ezreal could not see where Madlife's hook was going during the wind-up and blinked away trying to escape from Madlife, who predicted ezreal's blink direction to catch him. In your case, the ezreal saw where the grab was going and mistakenly blinked into it after you casted it.
1	Actually I have a question is the person translating for Cool the OMG translator? Because based on my experience, usually some random guy that you guys/riot gets to help translate gives an average Chinese speaking person cancer. aka that translator at All-stars. What that guy said at All-stars and what PDD, Misaya/Wx/etc all said where usually miles away in terms of meaning.
0	well, I will if you really want me to, but I have no beef with you. I do believe in God, but I am married to an atheist (we've been together 10 years), I really don't agree with recreational drug use (or people who get crazy drunk for the hell of it on a frequent basis, as everyone is entitled to a few, my life sucks ass and I want to forget moments). And while I love animals and have 2 kitties I don't expect other people to love them as I do. I also can't stand Obama. So we can break into fistie cuffs, but I would rather just get along, lol.
1	Hello,  I would like to see a Lee Sin Wallpaper (1920x1080) It would be cool if its got the qoute:" Master yourself, master the enemy" And it would be awesome if Lee Sin got a Hoodie with the TSM Logo on it.  And a great thank you if you could do this for me. (Sorry for my bad english)
1	Next rumour fnatic will take H2K jungler and then marksman and then support.
0	I once had a loaf with an odd number. I kept the last slice and bought a new loaf. As it neared the end, it became obvious that that loaf was odd as well. When the time came, I made a sandwich with the two final slices. It was probably one of the proudest moments of my life.
0	Former kitchen vet of 10 years here. Do not beat yourself up over this. We've  all  done this or something closely associated with it.   Story time:   I was in my first job in a restaurant working prep. We had a silly set up with a deep fryer right next to the stove, and then a sink next to the deep fryer.   Well I was on a long stretch of working, and taking a pot of pasta water off the stove to strain the pasta, well I start dumping it into the colander in the sink when I realize I've made a horrible mistake...   The first crackle and pop started about three seconds after I started pouring so I didn't dump the whole stock pot in the deepfryer. I had just enough time to cut the gas feed to the fryer before it started boiling over. That shit took hours to clean!
0	I've been ticketed four times (so far) for speeding; all gifted from the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a badass old-timer patrolman who told me straight out "I'm only giving tickets out for speeding today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you were speeding and thats what I gotta give you a ticket for". I was going 70 in a 55 (country road). He then told me most HPs won't even "look at you twice for going 80 in a posted 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart ever since, drives about 1200 miles a week, and a frequent weaver, I can say that 99% of the time it's absolutely true!
0	So its in bad taste to joke about ethnicity or religion? My friends and I joke about everything. He rips on me for being an atheist, I tease him for being christian. We're both Hispanic and we don't mind when our other friends say the typical 'Mexican' joke. But I understand, not everyone appreciates offensive jokes so I keep it to myself. For others, I stick to puns and not so witty observations.
0	One of my roomate's told me a similar thing. He said I needed a  "gamervention" n that all the gaming made me dumber, all this being said as he lounged on the couch smoking weed n watching tv... All day long. I just don't understand why people knock gaming when many other pastimes are much less intellectually stimulating.
0	Not to mention, a lot of people who have been raped have said that they aren't traumatized, and that the notion that it should be traumatizing was pressed upon them by society.   I've comforted a few girls who've gone through it, and they cried, and for them I think it was traumatizing. But if someone is raped, and they feel fine talking about it and posting memes to reddit about it, who are we to suggest that she isn't traumatized, or that she  should  be traumatized, or that it must not have been awful because she isn't traumatized? Really, people are terrible. I would be ashamed to say something like that. But I guess to even say it means one lacks the capacity to feel shame.
0	I got a better one. I'll keep it short. She comes in, asking for a roast beef sandwich(I work at Arby's) and so after her waiting about 2 minutes she got it and took her seat. She immediately runs up to the counter and cuts off the couple who's order I'm taking, and starts yelling at me about how a regular comes with cheese in it, which it doesn't but I could have added that when she ordered for like 30 cents. Anyway, she starts demanding she get a refund and another sandwich. I explained I could do one or the other, not both. So finally my manager came out and told her the same thing. So she sits down, and starts complaining for the whole restaurant  to hear so finally my manager broke and said we could do both so she would just shut up and leave. But when I told her she could come get her money and sandwhich, SHE SAID SHE WAS HAVING FUCKING HEART MURMURS DUE TO STRESS.   Yeah because a 16 year old who followed protocol can do that.
0	For those curious, it went down like this. She went to visit him, said she was going out with friends and it would be a late night. Apparently she got out of bed with him at 4am and texted that she loves me. 8am I text back I love you too. She panicked and was trying to delete it quick, since they were having breakfast, told him I was a cousin or something. Eventually came kind of clean and I was awoken to both of them texting me from her number. Eventually me and the other guy started texting and comparing notes on things.   The whole thing was a bit more complicated, but that is the
1	It's because of the players on higher elo knows how to do something more usefull with Shaco to help him pubstomp. Myself, I'm around 67% win rate as Shaco for over 150 games on S2. In my experiences, I really need help of my teammates for example: early dragons, first blue/red and informations about the lane to be effective as possible.   He's really stronk on higher elo because enemies don't ward like 5 times over all spots where Shaco can pop out from. Thus means that he can make succesfull ganks almost every time. (unless the enemies realized these silent orange poofs in FoW)
1	Is your carry actually carrying?  If so I think it's better on the Carry.  There used to be a difference in the slow between ranges and melee but now there isn't so the utility of having the slow at range should more than justify having it on the carry.  Keep in mind that if you die trying to kill their carry you pass on and reset the buff for whoever gets it (potentially bad in a team fight where the person didn't already have red). A fed carry by contrast is in a much safer position throughout the fight (ideally anyway).  If you are fed and your AD isn't however it is better on a tanky type character.
0	The exact thing happened at my school. A "popular" kid blew his brains out because his girlfriend lied to him that she was pregnant as a joke and he was scared so he ended it.  After that EVERYONE (even kids from another school) on twitter was going on about how much he was probably bullied and how you never know what's really happening to some people.  Even though this kid was popular and was never bullied.  Well there was another emo-ish kid who definitely had some serious bullying problems and needed a lot of help eventually committed suicide shortly after and nobody cared nearly as much as when the popular kid died.
0	Well, excuse me I did not know you were the supremely correct and knowledgeable translator for all internet based analogies.   I, for one, have witnessed many instances where a socially awkward person has been perceived as a creep; even though he had good intentions.
1	Last 5 normal games with him I've went 51/5/43 - he's rather good.  Use  this .  Also switch the Sunfire Cape for an Aegis because Sunfire Cape is the worst item in the game.   Play defensively early game, take E at level 1 to easily take cs, Q at level 2, W at level 3.  Put more points in Q if you're stronger than your lane opponent, more points in E if you want to continue to play passively.  Once you hit 6 you should be able to 1 v 1 (maybe even 1 v 2) anybody.  His ult is on a very low cooldown, so use it up.  If you're low, you can go back to your tower, fire off your ult to clear the creep wave, then go back to base safely.   Rumble scales very well with levels, so you're going to want to farm up as much as you can.  He is also an excellent ganker, so if your lane is pushed to the tower, look to gank mid.  You could also pull an M5 and counterjungle, but I wouldn't recommend it, as Rumble doesn't clear too quickly.   In teamfights, try to get your heat up to 50 before you fire off your Q to get the maximum damage.  Make sure to ult before you spam your spells in case you accidentally overheat.  Your Q is your main damage so always have it up when you can.  Think of overheating as another skill in your skill set.  Use it to take down towers more quickly, or put in some extra damage after your skills are exhausted.  Try to over heat using your Q so that damage is still up for the majority of the silence.  Overheating with E isn't bad either, especially if you need the slow.
1	You spending your IP means you have no more IP which encourages you to buy RP which is how riot makes money.   It's a free game. We all spend enough time on it to support riot even a little bit. If you cannot be bothered to farm up IP for the champ you want, then buy some RP and support riot.
0	I can't believe I'm actually going to jump into this, but I think I am.   I feel differently about the "lump of coal" tradition since I read the book "Angela's Ashes," in which you realize how much a lump of coal has been valued in the past.  Kids go running around the street seeking out lumps of coal that have been dropped, so they can bring them home for the fire in hopes that their families will have a little warmth.   In modern times, we have come to think of a lump of coal as the stereotypical "anti-present," no more valuable than a dirty diaper.   But actually, I'm willing to support the idea that a lump of coal in a stocking was considered to be an actual present, though certainly not the ideal present for a child.   It's a way of punishing them while still giving them something of value.   The reason I respond to this particular post is because I would think a lump of coal wouldn't generally be found in any fireplace in which coal was burned, because that coal would have been burned (oh, for what it's worth, I was born and raised in a home built in 1905, whose fireplaces were designed for coal.  They're much, MUCH smaller than wood-burning fireplaces).   This is pure speculation, by the way.  I haven't actually looked into it any more than my personal history with coal-burning fireplaces, and my reading of the book I mentioned above :)
1	You can't go to the grocery store with $20 and buy $25 worth of stuff. The grocery store will also refuse to give you that $5.
0	Someone else explained it on this thread pretty well. But basically you don't teach anymore. A coworker of mine, whom I would consider an excellent teacher, came up with a list 50 things teachers are expected to do not including teach. Most are at least weekly duties if not daily. Also, look up no child left behind. It essentially forces (or strongly entices) schools to pass along undeserving students to the next grade. Then you're left with students with a severe lack in prerequisite knowledge.   Then there's the parents who only care about their child's grades and not whether he or she has actually learned anything. If they pass, there's no complaint. Parent-teacher conferences are like an episode of pawn stars. We end up negotiating a grade that the parent can live with.   Finally, at least at my school, there's little reinforcement or consistency in discipline. If a student is sent to the office he or she rarely gets into any trouble. The students have learned that they can get away with whatever. This makes the idea of drilling discipline futile. Also, again at my school at least, the administration is terrified of being shown in a bad light in the media. They are scared a parent is going to report the school to the local news outlet. So they do anything to make the parent happy. Discipline now takes into account who the parent is and much stink will they cause.   So yeah, I'm on one of my many holiday breaks. I sleep until noon and play video games. And yes, I get summers off to do whatever. But I'm telling you it is not worth it. At all. My mother with 30 years of teaching experience will tell you the same thing. This will be last year god willing.
1	Maybe riven needs a hitbox witdh nerf? Or elitist Riven mains could stop complaining about quality of life buffs. And another thing, your #3 point is stupidly ill informed everyone knows to weave autos in-between q casts.
1	I don't know about other people but I can certainly see negative effects coming out of this if his ult damage numbers were not changed at all:   Melee minions have 722 HP and 17 MR at 40 minutes. An AP GP should have at least 8000 gold at this point, and Deathcap + Morellonomicon + AP Quints and masteries will give his rank 3 ult 225 dps easily. If he also has CDR boots, 40% CDR combined with a 95s base cooldown is enough to bring it to 57 seconds. And his ult can be placed such that it hits two creep waves as they spawn.
1	fraction of the mid champs we have now   Here is a complete list of mid champs released since Brand:     Orianna   Xerath   Fizz   Ahri   Viktor   Ziggs  (forgot about him at first, wtf)     And... that's it. Now let's compare it to the ones who were released before Brand!     Annie   Morgana   Ryze   Sion   TF   Zilean   Karthus   Anivia   Veigar   Kassadin   Katarina   Heimerdinger   Nidalee   Gragas   Mordekaiser   Kennen   Akali   Malzahar   Kog'Maw   Vladimir   Galio   Swain   Lux   LeBlanc   Cassiopeia
1	You smite the blue wraith, do wolves, return to wraiths to finish 'em. Proceed to double golems, smite is already up so you smite one of them finish them and recall. From then you do blue (with smite, as the CD is off by the time you are doing it), wolves, wraiths, golems, red (smite again) proceed to gank.   The only part that differs from lee sin jungle is the golems/red switch at the end of the first path. But once you get Madreds it becomes faster and safer than most junglers.   Shen is a tank/support that is jungling, not an optimal jungler per se, but the overall effectiveness it provides endgame (not leeching exp from duolaning/(thanks to runes and masteries) is better than most junglers.
1	So your argument is that it helps early game better? First, you're forgetting that many ADs go bottom lane with a support, most of whom have a heal ability. Second, in the beginning of the game, your attack speed on any AD is so low that it would take a long time to life steal back from minions. Third, 90% of the time you should only be last-hitting minions, not auto-attacking, in order to control where the wave is in lane. Auto-attacking to life steal pushes the wave past river, making you susceptible to ganks. Only last-hitting keeps it even or lets the other side push, giving your jungler an easier gank opportunity.   Overall I just don't think it's worth it. Whether you're losing or winning your lane bottom, the flat AD would help either to last hit and farm or the armor pen for early harass before your opponents have built much armor. Your reasoning on excluding armor pen is my exact reason for excluding life steal runes. Buy a vamp scepter early instead; you don't need to build Bloodthirster first, but a vamp scepter should be one of your first items regardless. I typically don't buy last whisper until very late in the game unless the other team is filled with tanks.
1	Not that most of you guys care, but I have met Regi a couple of times at various places and he was always super nice to everyone. I don't think many of you all realize that he and /u/Hotshotgg pretty much literally created the League pro scene. There were times before it was heavily monetized where the teams would get dinner and no one would have money and they would pick up the tabs for their friends/players. Really nice people despite what you think.   I would bet money that not a single person on this forum has gone through life without having a moment where they were an asshole/rude/angry that was maybe unjustifiable or excessive, Regi's only downfall was doing it on a stream. Dyrus has said this before but none of you really understand how much Regi has done for this scene, and you've basically scared him into a position where he has to operate behind a curtain to further TSM's interests.
1	IMO suppressions are quite weak. If the champion that casts it is displaced or stunned in any way, it breaks. This makes it pretty easy to stop a WW or Malz ult on any of your teammates. If a teammate gets initiated on, all you have to do is couterengage on the Warwick or malzahar, who is unable to move while channeling. Your enemies will have 1 less ultimate for the battle. And top of that the enemy team will be out of position, especially malzahar has a hard time teamfighting with a tanky frontliner in his face and no natural escapes in his kit, which is also very likely to happen if he, during a temfight moves foward to combo your backline. Unless your squishies decide that they want to go full retard and just frontline face first into a malzahar or ww ult. But at that point, it is the ad/ap carry's own fault.   As far as laning vs malzahar goes, he is a pretty weak pre 6. Because of his low range and small manapool. So if you just play a mid-long range midlaner, you should easily be able to poke/push him out of lane, and establish dominance. He is also very easy to gank, while his flash is down.
1	Probably not 1A. Riot wanted to shift warding into a team effort so increasing the number of wards placed for one person is a step backwards.   1B and 1C are good ideas though. More wards in the inventory + more safety while placing wards is a huge (but not broken) buff for supports.   Probably not 2A, if they added new stats, price would probably have to go up. 800 for sight and another 800 for ruby is actually a lot on a support budget. It could even become mandatory for other laners or jungle if it ends up having too good of stats, which I think is a step in a wrong direction
0	Oh boy, story time.   I was freshly 21, in college, at a party. It's a huge party. There were probably 300 people in a small, 3 bedroom apartment. I knew the guys that were throwing the party; salt of the earth kind of guys. They had purchased 4 kegs expecting to last far into the night. Party started at 9pm, they figured they'd close up shop at 3am. Whelp. I got there at 10, 2 of the kegs were already gone. I walked up to the keg and this small, very attractive, blonde turned around and said,   >Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry, I cut in front of you. Here, take mine.   I protested for a moment but she insisted.   I woke up the next morning. Alone. in my bed. wearing only boxers. My room was immaculately clean.   I felt awful. I was dizzy, and I had no idea what had happened. I crawled around my room trying to build a mental map of the night before.   I remember the bottom of that cup, I had chugged it. I also remember two "pictures." In both I was giggling like a school girl. The first was of me on the ground outside my friend's apartment as my friends leaned down to pick me up. The second was of me in the bathtub fully clothed getting sick.   So, what the hell happened at the bottom of that cup? Well, I became very confused and giggly. My friends, some of the best guys I've ever met, took care of me but not before I made a bit of an ass out of myself.   I finished that beer around 10:45pm. I left the party at 2:15am. In that time I fell over somewhere between 5 and 10 times depending on who is telling the story. But best part and the event that led to my ejection from the party.   I, a 6'1", 250lb, big burly guy lost control of my upper body weight and began to fall forward. I was in a very crowded breezeway. I was determined not to fall. I broke into a full sprint in order to keep up with my upper half. I spread my arms wide in order to stabilize my upper body. I, while in sprint, managed to tackle ten ladies all dressed up nice for the party and bring 4-5 of them with me across the breezeway. Now, my friends were following me barreling through all of the poor folk I had freshly clobbered with no remorse. They were on a mission to save me from the staircase I was headed toward. I managed to grab onto the stairwell railing, saving myself from, assuredly, a much more sore morning.   The drunken ladies were, upset, to say the least, and wanted my presence at the party swiftly revoked. My friends, the apartment keepers very passionately defended my honor but agreed that I had reached my limit.   Mike walked me home. It was his 21st birthday party and he walked me home. That's how great this guy is. He could have his pick of the litter  and he did  but he took time to make sure I got home safely.   He's much smaller than I am. Maybe 5'7", 160lb. He's trying to control my weight and prevent me from falling over. He did a helluva job. But, at two points we struggled a bit. We are in a cluttered parking lot trying to navigate around cars. At one point there are two cars parked too closely together for Mike and I to easily walk through. I, apparently, giggled and lifted him to my side with the arm I had wrapped around his shoulders and carried him  around  the cars. The last hurdle was crossing the street, my apartment was less than 100 yards away. There was a bus stop just down the road from us and a bus was on its way to service it. Mike said,   > Watch out, bud. There's a bus coming.   And I walked out into the street with all the confidence in the world saying,   > Buses are a good thing to stop for....   Mike, jumped in front of me, hands on my chest pushing me backwards. Certainly saving my life.   I don't remember any of it. But it is still the most  memorable  night of my college experience.
0	This actually isn't completely true. Although gravity is a factor it one that evolution has taken into account when giving women vaginal contractions while having orgasms which help push semen in regardless of gravity. This only reduces the chance but doesn't completely remove it. If you're willing to take that chance, go right ahead.
0	I was bullied for the first half of sixth grade because I was short and skinny.   One day I got shoved right as I was going outside for recess by one of the most popular kids in school. He shoved me in the middle of a large crowd of our peers and I had this moment of clarity where I knew what I had to do.   I told him what I wanted to say in a very calm but VERY loud voice so that everyone already outside and coming out of the building would hear and turn towards us see what was going on, and they did.   I told the guy that if he wanted to fight, fair enough, I would fight him. Right here, right now, with everyone watching. I told him that I wouldn't take it easy on him, and that he had no idea what he was getting into. If he wanted to take that chance, then this was his opportunity.   Another kid had tried to sucker punch me in the face earlier that week during recess and I had grabbed his fist out of the air mid-punch and just stared at the guy who did it with a burning anger in my eyes (I might have been small but goddamn if I don't have ridiculous reflexes). This gave me confidence. I knew that the bully I was confronting now had seen me pull off this ninja shit earlier, so he knew I wasn't fucking around and that I wasn't as weak as I appeared.   With everyone in our grade slowly gathering around us, he decided that the chance of his ego and face getting bruised in front of our peers was not a risk he was willing to take. There were some other people who were friends of his who were in this crowd who had bullied me that year as well. They all took note.   I never got bullied again, all through high school they remembered that I wasn't a pushover and never again did I get shoved or threatened.
1	All colby did was repeat the same shit over and over.  He needs to not commentate ever. YOU KNOW, THEY DIDNT TAKE BARON CAUSE HE DIDNT NOM THE BARON, IF HE NOMMED THE BARON THEN THEY WOULD OF HAD BARON... SO YOU KNOW IF THE NOM DID GO OFF THE BARON FIGHT WOULD OF BEEN IN THEIR FAVOUR, SO THIS IS WHY THE OTHER TEAM IS IN THE GREEN BECAUSE OF THE NOM THAT DID NOT HAPPEN ON BARON.   Did you know that the nom on baron did the snowball, because I dont think I got that the nom on baron started the whole snowball of that game.
0	Actually, the lift provided by the shoe puts the calf int o flex, making it more shapely, and provides a lift to the buttocks, a more... evolutionary, sexual preference.
1	Lets say turret his for 25% damage first hit(not too bad) and has 10% armor pen if an adc has 2200 hp with around 40% damage migration from armor after penetration then the turret is hitting him for around 200-250 ish(hoping my math is right). Not if this amount scales per attack like it currently does then after 3 hits he would be taking 350+ a hit every second. The amount of life steal and attack damage/speed would be very high to sustain many hits.
1	I have an account playing at plat MMR, but I am currently working on a second account. The goal of my second account will be to train, just like /u/daddyankme's hypothetical account, however I'm still going to be happy with my secondary account being brought to a higher ELO   The reason for this, would be that if I'm facing gold/plat players on my dummy account, I'm getting better practice for my plat than I would be when I'm practicing something on a bronze smurf account when my enemies are acting nothing like higher leveled opponents would be.   I'm doing this to practice new roles at the plat level without having to worry about dropping mmr on my main.   The difference between having a secondary ranked account vs just practicing via normal queue on your main account is that you still run the risk of being paired with silver and gold players while your enemies are also silver gold with just 1 other plat/diamond on their team in normal queue.   So if I were to play Ashe in normal queue, I run the risk of wasting 40 minutes of my time just beating on poor silver/gold ez and soraka bot with a so-so support, while my top laner is getting massacred by a diamond 4 Renekton. None of that crap applies to what I WILL be facing when I play ranked, so your solution of "I would suggest playing games in normal draft. You shouldn't use an account in a lower division as some sort training tool in ranked." Is nonsense, RiotRhojin. It's honestly rare that I get matched with full plats and diamonds unless I'm queued with a party of my MMR peers.
1	I gotta say, she's not as strong in soloqueue as in organized team games. You may have an awesome record, but you can't help your lanes as much as other junglers. Therefore, you'll end up with a bunch of games in which you have a good personal record, but still lose.
1	Not trying to be an ass, but basically what youre teaching people in this vid is go risk giving first blood by doing a really risky invade and use your w on nidalee to save money on early wards/ not get level 2 ganked. While i can see that some people might not use w to a great extend with nidalee throughout the game, your video isnt gonna improve that by a whole lot. When youre going to talk about Bushwhack, emphasize how important it is to place it all the time throughout the game but also emphasize that it does not replace wards. Maybe try to explain how it helps you lane on toplane and that in some situations, an enemy stepping onto a bushwhack early can open up possibilties for an aggresive trade or even an early kill because of theire shredded resistances. Maybe go a bit into detail about common bushwhack places for toplane, trapstacking and how you can even help out other lanes after you went there to roam. Overall, the video was too short to cover nidalees W and it didnt teach me how to abuse anyone, neither my lane opponent nor the enemy jungler.
0	You don't get infections if you take care of your eyes and the lenses properly. You can't shower in your lenses, can't sleep in them, have to replace the solution daily if you're wearing monthly contacts, and the list goes on...   It's easy to get used to it, but it's also easy to get careless. I got careless once. I wore my monthly contacts loooong after I should have chucked them out, only replaced the solution in the container when I couldn't remember when it was last replaced, slept in them, kept them in for days at a time...   Then one day I woke up, my left eye was tearing up as fuck, all red, swollen and I couldnt open it. Right eye was the same, but not as bad. It took me an hour to get those lenses out, and fuck me if it wasn't the longest, most painful hour of my life.   I thought maybe it's just irritated, it'll go away, so I sat in my room, lights off, blinds shut, because every time I looked at a light, it felt like someone was stabbing my eye with a rusty nail...   Went to the hospital two days after that, got antibiotic eye drops, and couldn't see properly out of my left eye for two weeks (antibiotics dilated my pupils, so my vision was blurred).   Since that happened, when someone asks "why don't you just sleep in your lenses?" to me it sounds like "why don't you gouge your fucking eyes out   My point is, contact lenses aren't that bad if you use them as instructed.
1	That's wrong, I'm afraid.   If, for whatever reason, in whatever fantasyland, Coast were getting 100k gold per game and Nintendude got a mere 10k of that, he'd only be getting 10% of the team's gold.  Whereas TSM might only get 20k gold per game, and Oddone might get 4k of that, or 20%.  That would put Oddone way above Nintendude on this chart, even though Nintendude is buying way more items than Oddone.
0	I tend to do this, but it isn't a good way to live. I have ADHD, which leaves me unable to actually focus on the assignments until the very last minute, at which point hyperfocus seems to kick in.   You spend most of the time slowly building up your stress levels because you aren't able to make progress on the assignment, lose many hours of sleep by staying up "to do work" which is never done, and then even more time the night before pulling an all nighter to churn out an acceptable paper.
0	With the Can-Spam Act of 2003 they have to have a functioning unsubscribe "mechanism" that unsubscribes you from mailing lists within 10 days.
0	I am a former DQ employee, you are wrong. Shakes and blizzards are entirely different. A blizzard is just soft serve blended with w/e toppings you ask for.   It's solid ice cream so we're able to flip it over.   Hell, we were even able to flip the un blended ice cream cones over for short periods to dip them.   Meanwhile a shake is milk added to the soft serve, if you flip a shake it'll spill because it's not just solid ice cream.   Only way OP's blizzard should have "exploded" would have been if the counter girl added milk to it or didn't have a guard up when she was mixing it. I'm tempted to call shinanegans on the story all together.
1	Hi Stonewall.   Could you please list somewhere in the article the several champions you consider to be the best ones for the current meta?   I know it is in the youtube clip, but it would be a nice "
0	Cashier here. We can still see what you purchase in the self checkout. There is a screen set up that shows what everyone is scanning and after you leave, we tell our coworkers about the funny stuff we see.   To top it off, people do not know how to scan their items. I've seen people try and scan their items in the most ridiculous ways. Like seriously, when have you ever seen a cashier rub the item on the scanner until it scans?
1	Look for the lane that has the champ (on your team) that will carry you the hardest. This is usually the case of bot lane, but the problem bot lane is is that your number advantage isnt as strong. For maths, If you join bot, you are only 33% more than the enemy team, mid and top you are 50% more (if that makes sense)(If the enemy jungler isnt there).   This brings me to my next point. Look where the enemy jungler is, and capitalise somewhere else. Sinceyour laners arent as strong as the enemy laner, even if you countergank you will probably lose the fight. Therefore, one of your main objectives is to find the enemy laner. Do this by warding (you should do this anyway) or calculating where he should be next. (3-4 minute top side if he started bot side etc.)   Another important thing is to realise when your powerspike is. With an early game jungler, really try and gank as early as possible (making sure the enemy jungler isnt around). If you have a late game champ, sit back, light up YOUR jungle, and farm and tell your lanes to play passive.   Especially if you are CC heavy, you should try and gank only when you know you can hit your CC. One example is J4, easily flashable if they still have it. Ask where flashes go down and USE the information. Jungling is a lot about getting information and using it to your advantage.
1	You need to look at support differently. The days of pure "supports" are gone. You are now, what I like to call, a hybrid-support. Hybrid-supports are people who are both the support and another role.   Mage-Supports: Zyra/Annie/Cassiopeia/Morgana/Nidalee/etc.   Mage-Supports are supports who play and build like a standard mage. You still do the job or warding, peeling and protecting, but you sacrifice some utility for damage. You play teamfights like a mage (Sometimes peeling, sometimes nuking, sometimes just AOE'ing and trying to dish out as much damage as possible. All depends on the scenario).   Tank-Support: Thresh/Leona/Alistar/Blitscrank etc.   Tank-supports have the job of being both a support and a damage soak for teamfights. In teamfights they generally either peel or sit on the backline helping people take down the enemy's priority targets.   Bruiser-Supports:  Rengar/Xin/Lee Sin/Jarvan/Elise/Pantheon etc.   Your job is generally more focused around killing the enemy in teamfights. This lane is more kill-lane focused where you try to snowball a advantage early and then after lanning phase you are focused around killing off the enemy backline.   ADC-Supports:  Varus/Ashe.   ADC-Supports were a odd thing S3 but with the current gold that supports get it is more viable. It only works with utility based adc's (Varus and Ashe mostly) and build double gp10(Currently Targon's and Avarice blade, Targons OP), then Sightstone and then ADC items. You give your CS to your main ADC of course.   UtilitybasedMage-Supports:  Janna/Lulu/Nami etc.   Similar to the Mage-Supports, these are characters that you build AP on. The difference is that Mage-Supports sacrifice utility for damage while UtilitybasedMage-Supports have more utility then damage. The primary focus of them is peeling, while they can still do some damage.     Outside of teamfighting though the supports job is to keep map vision (I know it is limited but it is still possible), deny vision, protect your ADC and farm.   You said you can't farm lanes or jungle since your carries are doing that. That is not true. Unless you are a Tank-Support or a UtilitybasedMage-Support, you should be farming too. If no one is at wraiths then take those wraiths. If no one is taking that mid farm then take it. As a mage you WILL do as much damage as your mid. As a bruiser you WILL be as impactful as top in fights. Farm is not wasted on you because it goes directly into buying items that will impact teamfights. Yes your ADC should get it if it is possible, but if no one else is taking those wolves just take it.
1	Besides the whole "snowball early, get fed hard, farm hard", and make the midgame as short as possible, other possible ways that you can prevent trist from falling behind is by having your team peel for Tristana if the enemy just rushes for her, or just avoiding engagements in the first place.  Personally, when I play with my AD carry and he plays Tristana, I try to pick a support that can either be aggressive early, or peel for him. Soraka isn't going to be able to do anything for tristana in a team fight, but alistar or janna can offer so much for the AD carry both in terms of aggression and peeling. Having champions that do better mid game, such as Cassiopeia, Nocturne, or Shen can also help cover your weaknesses.
1	I support, i love being able to make the plays for the team. I main Sona and Leona as my supports and have loads of fun making plays and getting my adc's fat as hell. I find it a very rewarding role even if you don't get a lot of thanks. It's also a role where in low elo (silver 4) where you can carry the game with shutting down their adc and making their support almost useless in some games. I feel like s4 was going to hurt supports a lot but it has become even more fun going full tank Leona or Taric and being able to 2v1 and your team come into the fight 20 seconds later with you still alive and them to pick up the kills. Or playing full ap sona with a bit of utlity and being almost a second ap carry being able to ult and sometimes if you shut down the adc being able to 1v1 them but even 1 shot them with a q then power cord. I don't know why i picked it up partly that no one wants to play it in a lot of games but also that is a really deep role and you are so important to your team winning.
1	I feel like some of the responses are taking a little bit of a wrong direction to approaching the problem. Yorick is a lot less intimidating than a lot of people make him out to be.   1) Don't pick specifically to counter. While people with sustain (Trundle/Cho), have theoretically better matchups against yorick, don't pick them for the sake of being a "counter". I've seen many people fall into this trap and lose lane because they simply aren't prepared to play the champion against good yorick players.   2) Doran's shield is a fantastic starting item, and very useful against Yorick.   3) Go into the bushes, as BadSag said. The ghouls won't follow you.   4) Don't fall into the trap of building too tanky (Dependant, of course, on your champion.). Yorick doesn't have large amounts of early game burst damage (his pontential for trading comes from the damage reduction from his passive, and the damage from ghouls). Yorick usually rushes doran's shield/tear, and tear is a very weak item in terms of early game trading. Building damage will allow you to force him into being scared of you and HAVING to sit back, rather than you being scared of him and being forced to sit back and eat his harass.   5) Push early. Having a level advantage on Yorick makes him a lot less scary.   6) Don't be scared of him. Seriously. There are quite a few champions that can kill him early. Riven, Rumble, and even Shen come to mind.
1	CDR is "better." Attack Speed is "nicer."   In pure DPS terms, 4% CDR wins out over 4% AS ~level 3 and on because the Attack Speed increase only scales off your base attack speed, so you only get an extra attack every ~38 seconds of non-stop attacking (Vayne base attack speed). 4% CDR you gain an extra spell cast every 25 non-stop casts  for each spell you have . Also, certain characters (Ezreal, Ryze) will scale extremely well with CDR, and you will notice a  very  significant difference between 35% and 39% CDR on a standard build for those characters.   CDR is by the numbers "better" for gold value and raw DPS (by a small margin on ADCs a large margin everyone else), but CDR is less noticeable in-lane than AS. However, that 4% AS makes last hitting creeps ~4% easier in lane. You will notice that it is a bit easier to last hit with the extra AS, but you need to get ~3CS per game  that you wouldn't have gotten without the 4% extra AS  in order for the gold values to balance out.
0	Usually true.  I always thought /u/forthewolfx is a pretty down-to-earth guy, though.  Never made a big deal of the fact that he's by far the coolest guy on reddit.  Just lets other people do it for him, and pops in for the occasional chill baby-kissing/boob-signing session.   As a result, he's still the coolest guy on reddit.
0	Shit,  I spend 4 bucks on a cannister of cooking oil that coupled with tortillas and maybe some veggies. I have good tasting food for like 2 weeks for 12$-15$ and for snacks a box of costco ramen which is like 5$ for a pack of 25-30.   However if I go for less fat I usually just get a box of those Weight Watchers chicken patties, pan fry em' and fold the tortilla's around the chicken.(4-ish points if you are keeping track)   This may be just preference but I tend to keep away from packaged meats since they only last for about one or two days after the first portion is cooked. Oh and since I try to stay away from fast food I get can's of tuna and shredded cheese and melt them in a small pan (drain tuna first) the smell of them cooking is enough to keep my mind off of food (as I both hate and love the smell).   Now when I do this in front of my roomates or company (the chicken or tuna) They look down upon me. To which I respond: "Go spend 20$ at Five Guys for one night of good eats I'll be busy spending all this extra money on Riot points and strippers!"
1	That's the biggest catch; LoL players are so poor at adaptation outside of koreans and even there they struggle with it, and it's something e-sports at large is really starting to notice.   BW, SC2, WC3, DotA, Quake/UT, early CoDs, TF2....so many of these games necessitated the development of one's reactionary and improvisational skills at a competitive level. Not only from changes from patches or varied styles of play...but just by their very nature.   The RTS' had/have dozens if not hundreds of viable builds coming and going every year for every race; you had to learn to expect everything and learn to adapt your builds and focus' on the fly. Hell it helped to learn to memorize timings of enemy race builds even if you couldn't or didn't play the race yourself!   DotA had/has dozens of picks and dozens of all equally viable (if situational) items. You had to be able to judge when to adjust your 'normal build' or when to stop building one priority item for a newer higher priority item (Were you half way to BF but you seriously need that BKB? Save what you have, get BKB now. Just an example).   Quake/UT required you to learn how adapt your style of transversing maps to avoid enemies when low, or learn how to judge where they'll come from when you're hunting or being hunted.   Early CoDs were very tactical, and some of the most well balanced games out there from a FPS stand point. They required you to be able to adapt to changes in plans based on who died where and what the objective(s) were. Certain weapons could pierce and kill, others couldn't.   TF2 was basically a spiritual successor to Quake 3 n UT, so a lot of former quake n UT players easily and quickly transitioned to TF2 n turned it competitive, with similar requirements of skill.   Then we look at LoL....There's not a lot of viable variation for items for ADC or Top Laners. Mid variation only exists based on whether you're AP or AD or assassin vs mage. All mages themselves basically build the same. ETC. There's no real need for hardcore item variation in LoL compared to DotA (And by need, I mean there's not a lot of equally viable options, so you don't need to build differently usually...mostly cause you can't.) There's way less viability in character picks.   Not to mention back before how easy n widespread guides were, dota players on average were a lot more willing to help teach people builds, and in my experience at the casual level dota was very good about helping to teach people to learn how to adapt their builds to fit enemy/team needs. Dota 2 is suffering a bit from the same issue LoL has been for years now; people are unwilling or unable to learn how to adjust their build priorities or builds in general to suit their needs.   Likewise, a lot of early LoL pros are retiring because they're unable to adapt to the difference in play style necessitated by meta changes. Look at Snoopeh; support/utility focused junglers are very hard to reliably do now and are generally weaker than gank or carry style ones. It shows a lot in score and quality of play.
1	I think Riot really doesn't care about the rewards of learning a complex champion anymore I mean: why do you spend all your time learning complicated champion mechanics like orb placing with Syndra or shadow jumping with Zed when you can just go apeshit retarded picking an Hypertank that requires next to non skill to play e.g. Mundo, Shyvanna, Trundle and carry by afk farming in the long lane that is top.  I mean it kinda sucks and I feel ok with the game having strong tanks and all but at least give them some mechanical tricks or make them more complex. I feel now that every role needs a lmost an equal level of skill but top.  Also bring back Irelia ;(
1	It's an agency that basically ensures that artists get a certain amount of money for each of their songs being played / performed / used anywhere.   This includes youtube videos where songs are played and as a direct consequence of this a very large number of youtube videos are blocked to viewers in Germany, Grooveshark Germany shut down and we don't have Pandora here due to the same reason - they can't pay the exorbitant amounts this agency demands.   In theory their philosophy sounds great and perfect, and some of it really is. I'm all for supporting artists and letting people live off of what they do. But there are several issues with the way they handle what they do.   In Germany, to claim that someone's doing something wrong, YOU have to prove that THEY are bad. In the case of the GEMA, it is MY job to prove, that I have NOT done anything wrong - a complete reversal of the usual roles in Germany. It can happen that a school may not have their 7 year old kids sing some song at the school christmas party if 2 conditions are met; the first being that the school asks any amount of money from visitors, and the second being that the song is protected by the GEMA. This one song could cost the school over 500 Euros in fees and licensing costs. The rules are ridiculously inflexible and often a rule applies to a situation that it was never intended for. Clubs and often enough even Bars in Germany are currently in dire financial trouble simply because they want to play music and it counts a a public performance and thus they have to pay incredible sums of money. I've heard of clubs having to pay over 15000 (yes, 15k) Euros a month. Just for music. Add to that the staff, the rent, electricity and water, etc etc and it's hardly profitable any more.
1	I agree that this event had a lot of issues. I purchased a General Admission ticket, and, being quite honest, I had a blast (The 2nd day at least). I got to meet just about any pro player I wanted because they were incredibly accessible throughout the event. I met the casters and rioters as well and it was an amazing Sunday.   IPL really dropped the ball with the TAC3 finals taking over the entire Saturday. They had technical issues and took horrendous breaks between each match when they know the series can go 18 games and they had a 6 hour time frame to play them in. I don't care about SC2 and the way they made it seem in their advertisements for the event was that it was a short few hours to wait for the main stage and that league would be on a separate screen (as though there was a smaller auditorium of some sort). In fact, the preview video for the event didn't even feature SC2 clips, it was all League. This was not the case, however. There were no signs of any sort to indicate that League was downstairs and none of the staff was helpful at all when people were clearly confused as to where things were. This seems like an incredibly simple solution that IPL could have remedied. You put up a freaking sign, and they mention it to you when you check in. Problem solved, but it seemed like their staff was more content sitting around making sure only VIPs were walking into the "practice area" instead of offering any concrete help. Staff members pretty much stood by doors or sat in chairs and acted like they didn't want to be there.   I truly feel for you for paying 150 for your ticket. The perks they offered were not worth that much money, however, it was Riot that was giving out the free stuff on both days, not IPL, so you cannot rightly hold IPL responsible for random people getting your "free stuff" (which consisted of thundersticks mostly, whoopdedoo) if we are trying to argue fairness here. IPL should have made the venue easily navigable. It is astonishing that they didn't because it was so small it would have been simple.   I understand that you feel cheated, but the front 5-6 rows were still for VIP seating on Sunday and their was a practice area that was VIP only access during the event so you could watch the pros warm up etc. They reduced the seating for VIPs because they undersold VIP tickets and had large amounts of seats in the front area sitting open, which is unfair to deny seats to people that paid to see the event, even if they paid less money. There were things IPL did wrong such as accessibility and transparency throughout the event, but I did not see the seating nor Riot giving out prizes for good signs and free swag to try and boost the morale at the event as negatives.
1	What he is saying is that buying more hp doesn't increase his effective hp because the blobs heal for a percent. If he has more hp, he heals for the same percentage, but resistances will end up being more effective against the type of damage he's taking. Only once he gets spirit visage does hp stacking become more effective because his blobs heal for more but his abilities don't cost more. However, resistances will result in higher effective hp because he takes less damage while still healing for the same flat percentage on his blobs. Now if his blobs healed based on bonus hp at a higher amount than currently, THAT would make hp stacking effective.   He doesn't have a shield, so I'm not sure why you mentioned shields scaling with resists earlier.   The only effective scaling he gets with hp is on his passive, since it would result in him being higher hp when he comes out of it, and event that isn't that good, since his blobs have a percentage of his resists, so once again we find that stacking hp on Zac really don't do much relative to resists.   I don't know if getting damage that scales with % total or bonus hp would be broken, especially since it is something that can be tweaked down if it turns out to be too much damage.   When you compare this to Sejuani, Volibear and Nautilus, who DO get %hp scaling (on damage for Sej and Voli, and a shield for Naut) we find that there is room in the game for hp scaling to be an effective mechanic without it being broken, furthermore, these are on abilities that are on a longer cooldown than Zac works with. In a meta that favors tanks having reasonable DPS, Zac is surprisingly behind the curve, only doing significant damage with his ult. I think that putting a %bonus hp damage scaling on his E and ult would result in a champion that has a bit more viability in this meta without being broken, especially if Riot is conservative with how aggressively they allow the damage to scale.
1	Remember to apply context to these changes as well. If your loss ratio has been catching up to your win ratio as of late you will notice a tilt in the direction of your ELO. Having a: 3 loss > 1 win > 3 loss > 2 win will tilt you closer towards heavy ELO losses and low ELO gains. The more winning streaks you have from now on the more gains you will have.   (If I am mistaken on this I am sure someone will correct me on it.)   Edit:  To add, seeing as you are getting more wins and losses you will notice slower and slower swings when it comes to your + - ratios. You SHOULD see a noticeable tilt when you win -considerably- more however.
0	Each department has a secretary at my school. I had one professor who was horrible about cancelling class without notice. Not even a note on the door. One day, I decided to call the secretary to see if she could tell me if my professor would be in that day. She had no clue but asked me to hold. Next thing I know I am connected to the head of the department. He tells me no class today, apologizes for the time and money I had wasted in the past and assured me it would never happen again. It didn't! We always knew at least one class in advance of cancellation.
1	The definition of fun varies highly from person to person.   I'd wager what you mean in this case by "fun" means that you play for the visceral nature of the game, and each moment that comes with it.  This is not uncommon, in fact it's one of the biggest reasons people play games.  Living for awesome plays, that you make, or even that opponents make, doing cool things, talking to people, just generally trying to experience the fantasy of the game.  This is not the only reason people play though, nor the only way to have fun!   Some folks play to express themselves, think up crazy builds and try to do whatever they can to do what they want and say to the world "Hey check this out, betcha didn't know you could do that!" and maybe that's you too.  This guy generally just wants his team to let him do his thing, and he wants games to go long, usually, so he can have time to get all his cogs into motion.  Often seen playing Heimerdinger.   Then there's the guy who plays to be strong.  He wants to have that awesome feeling of being that super fed guy who's kickin everyone's ass.  To him, this is fun.  This is the feeling he wants from league.  He wants to be a badass.  This guy plays mostly unranked games, and craves inferior opponents so he can get as big as he can.  He generally wants his teammates to just stay out of his way.  "Hey guys I'll carry just don't feed, OK?"   Then there's folks who play to win.  There's a lot of people who seem to fall into this category for league, insomuch as I feel like it warrants 2 categories.  Note though that I would argue both of these groups are in fact trying to have fun, however they can often get into awkward situations when not matched up with people of their own mindset.   First there's the guy who wants a challenge.  He wants to prove to someone, usually himself, that he can overcome difficulties.  What this guy wants is to show the world he can do it.  He craves tough, long matches (in which he comes out on top, preferably) and wants things to be hard-fought.  This aside though, this guy is a lot happier winning than losing.  It's rewarding, and yes, fun, to be able to conquer challenges, especially things he hasn't been able to figure out before.   Finally there's the guy who simply plays to win.  He doesn't care if it's hard, or if it's easy.  He just wants to win.  He doesn't care how it happens, or why (Enemy AFK? Oh well their loss)  He just wants victory.  To him, if he wins, the game is fun (And it is) if he loses, the game isn't.  It's binary, and so if things aren't going well, sometimes this player can get lost in the thought trap of  "Oh well my teammates made me lose, they're MAKING me not have fun!"   It's an awkward mentality, but it exists, and that's (one of many, but a common) reason you get flamers.  In their eyes, you are actively making them not be able to have fun(win) by not playing well, which is possible given how League works.   Thing is, there are up to 5 people on a team at ANY given time, and any of those people are likely to be from any of the categories above.   Unfortunately while a lot of those demographics can play nicely together, sometimes there are just fundamental clashes.  While Mr. Experience might go for a risky, but potentially epic play, Mr. Win-at-all-costs will simply see this as jeopardizing his experience, because it isn't strictly necessary to win.   Mr. Experiments might want to try some crazy new build on Mid Tryndamere, only to find out that it was garbage.  He's happy because now he at least knows, and had fun trying, but Mr. I-WANNA-BE-BEEFY is upset because the enemy mid got so fed he can't kill him anymore, therefore ruining  his  fun of being able to kill whoever he wants.   This game is so multi-facted that it's bound to bring conflicting personalities together, but I assure you these people are in fact playing to have fun.  All of them.  It just might not be in a way you necessarily understand, and sometimes if they feel their fun is being put on the line, they may lead themselves to Toxic Behaviour (Which I am in no way trying to excuse, being an asshole is not OK.)
0	Somewhat similar. I used to work at a small breakfast/lunch deli. There were five employees in total. We were fairly close to the Jersey Shore making summer a busy time for us. One year after beach season had ended and business started to slow down the owner told us it was one of the most profitable summers he's had in the past 20 years. We thought that would be a perfect time to ask for a pay raise for the crew. Nothing too far out of the realm of reason, probably would have only increased payroll by about 250 bucks a week split between 5 people. The owner said he would take it under consideration. A week later he comes in and tells everyone to go outside and check out the new Hyundai Santa Fe he had just got...paid for in cash. We never got those raises and shortly after that two employees quit, myself included.
0	I used to feel that way too. I had problem seeing some steps because they were so intuitive to me that I did them without thought. Then I had a good teacher that showed me  how  that can screw you up. And yeah, it's legit to mark it wrong if you don't show all the steps. Because if your error is in one of those intuitive leaps, you have no way of checking it on paper, and because it was an intuitive leap,  you'll continue making the same error .   So yeah, getting the right answer is only part of the solution. If you don't understand  how  you got the right answer, and can't demonstrate it, then you didn't get it all.
1	I like the points you made, but I feel like a lot of it is subjective. To me, the reminder of "its just a game" isn't a devaluing phrase to the game but more as a reminder that i shouldn't let setbacks get to me to a certain level. It's basically a reminder that when I'm done with a game, nothing has really changed because of the outcome. Winning or losing may make me feel good or bad, but it doesn't affect me in the long run.   There's a difference in how you say and hear "it's just a game" such as when you hear it from a parent telling you to get off, it devalues the game, laying it off as something that shouldn't be important. That is entirely different if a friend is saying it when you're angry, where instead of devaluing the game, he is trying to cool you off to remind you that getting mad wont help anything, and that a week after the game, you won't even remember it.
0	i wonder what he warmed with a south korean soldier.
1	You know whats funny though, they have always had that kind of playstyle where they kind of sacrifice Dyrus for the greater good, yeah in NA and against EU teams that works, it will not work against asian teams and it has been proven earlier, thats why loco and the rest of TSM claims that they want to change up their playstyle but they still rely on the same thing..
1	I would just like to say that I hate the altars, and I will give some reasons why so it can be constructively said.   1) In solo que, altars are an absolute nightmare. if teammates don't respond to pings, and timers, you are boned. 2) The timer is so short - every 90 seconds? I want to be killing champs, getting money, assaulting turrets, etc. Not capturing altars. Dominion is capture and hold. That is what it is for. 3) Twisted treeline is a lot more reliant on personal skill then Summoners rift. No wards, plus the limited altar vision, causes a lot more ganks and fights to happen. For someone playing an ad carry or mage without an easy escape, this is extremely frustrating because there is literally no counterplay.
1	Yes. You are in the Silver League (bronze league, silver league, gold league, etc.)   Each league has 5 divisions. You are in division 5.   In order to be  demoted  from  division 5 ,  your MMR  (hidden rank documenting your "actual" skill level)  needs to drop One Full League below where you are.
0	As an Arts graduate I can confirm indeed, the paper you get isn't worth wiping your ass with. There is nothing you'll get there (education wise) that you wouldn't be able to get from the internet for free. You're interested in the humanities and philosophy and sociology? Then go read some books and save yourself many thousands of dollars in tuition fees. The end result will be the same, you will have read a bunch of books on society.   There is definitely a place for the humanities in society - if you sincerely aspire to be knowledgeable in human history and become a professor and write a lot of books/articles on society and politics, then go for it. If you're doing it because it sounds interesting then you're wasting your time and money.   Studied Science after and found it the single most challenging and rewarding thing I've ever done in life. Turns out you actually learn about the universe there instead of talk about what kids these days are doing in the most high-faluting manner possible.   Mind you I'm not even talking about whether or not you get a job. What disappointed me the most was that I didn't learn a damn thing that's actually useful. The people I've met and formed friendships with were by far the only redeeming factor.
0	First of all, im going to apologize for my grammar.  I went through the same thing. I was living in Lake City, Ga when I was eighteen years old. I had just gone to pick up some bud from a connect, for a little bullshit amount like five grams. After that I was headed to a girls house to smoke her out and maybe get some nookie. While on the way, I stopped by the McDonalds with my friends for food, because, you know, pot. We walked in ordered our food and sat down. A few minutes later a few police officers walk in and they look like they are looking for someone. Whatever, I go back to my food. I get up to get a refill and the lady cop who was in the group sniffed me as I had walked past. She stops me and says," you stink. Have you been smoking weed, do you have any weed on you? Can I search you?" Before I could even muster a word my dumbass friend tells her, "I think that's a bit inappropriate, were trying to eat right now." She didn't like that, not one bit. But she left and we thought the worst was over. Were still eating for a little while, joking, blah, blah, blah. Then about fifteen minutes later another officer walked in and was approaching me, he announced himself and had informed me that they had a police dog that was ready to sniff. Being a scared eighteen year old with no prior record, they had me. I surrendered my weed and the officer thanked me for my cooperation and then proceeded to walk me outside. Low and behold, ladycop is standing right outside with cuffs. She asks, "why didn't you give it to me when I asked for it?" Please put your hands behind you back, you are going to jail tonight."   I sat in a jail cell for three days and a month later I had a court date. I was not allowed first offenders, even though I had never had a record. They played me like a fool because I was scared and ignorant to the situation.  I won't get into the other things that it had caused me, but it had ultimately ruined my life for the past few years. Police officers should be there to use better judgment, that's a reason they exist. Not to lock up anyone and everyone because they can.   Again, horrible at writing, sorry for that.
0	I tried to be smart and put my username as my full name.  Little did I know, it changed my name on my gmail account as well. So all my important emails were going out as my username which was not at all professional to say the least.  I didnt even realize it until one of my co-workers laughed and pointed it out to me.  I am back to using my real name on youtube and havent posted a comment since :(
0	North Korea is just saying these things to boost morale in their ever-unrestful population. People are beginning to lose faith in their glorious leader, and these threats are little more than empty promises intended to "prove" to the north korean people that Best Korea still holds some sway in the international setting.   The military exercises by the United States and South Korea are just a reminder to the North of who has the biggest dick at the end of the day, and for KJU to not get too big for his shit-caked britches.
1	As a trynd player i have to say that in the laning phase the only thing that kills my game is getting zoned, or being harrassed to the point i cant even AA enough to get my heal, so if you are ranged, keep AA tryn, and try to last hit at the same time, sounds dificcult i know, but that's the best way i can think of.   and mid-late game, just cc... really, that's it
1	We learned a lot from doing the 2014 World Final in Seoul's World Cup stadium. In particular, while it was a landmark event for LoL esports because so many people were there, we think that indoor stadiums are more conducive to promoting energy and excitement of crowds far better than outdoor stadiums. On top of that, it's a lot easier for us to capture crowd energy on stream when it's indoors for the home audience.   For Dock Pullman specifically, we'll have around ~1500 fans each day, but all of group stages will be there, so that'll be two weeks of games (8 days).
0	Good point, but the conduct of the officer in the story would not be a proper response if he did believe the guns they were using were real. If he took actions that were based on the belief that the guns being used were real, I might side with you, but based on the facts given it sounds more like the officer made no attempt to either disarm or subdue the suspects, and instead asked them to line up against a wall, still armed. If an officer did come across a few armed individuals actively holding and pointing (as I would assume the kids had been doing) guns, then his reaction is far more lenient than I would expect. Mistaking a fake gun for a real one is a possibility, and the kinds of pressures that officers face in a situation like that is serious, but let us not equate a possibility for mistake with a justification for actions taken without the mistaken belief.
1	Case in point: the past 5 months before 6.84 where 1 major balance patch hit (Plus 2 smaller ones that didn't help anything) which led to one of the most-hated metas in Dota history   They did justify it by saying they are working on Source 2 and even then they released a New Bloom event and 2 themed map textures. Contrasting this with the tiny little Christmas hat on Baron. Of course you could say Riot just pushed out a new map texture, but Valve could make 3 in that time even with fewer staff.   I don't think 6.83b/c "didn't do anything", it did nerf the 2 most highly contested supports and Juggernaut. If the patch didn't take place, people wouldn't only be crying about Sniper and Troll, they would be complaining about all 3 carries.   >During that time, League added 8 different balance patches, including the Season 5 update, 3 new champions, 4 champion reworks, and 28 skins, including the Legendary Omega Squad Teemo and Ultimate DJ Sona skins   LoL and Dota just do their balances differently: League has patches in a 2 week cycle; Dota usually has 1 big patch every 5,6 months similar to how League has a major change every year - by that logic you could argue Dota changes more dramatically and frequently than League.   Good on LoL to push out new champs and skins - except that's because Riot monetizes them. They make money from pushing out champs and imo, focuses too much on cosmetics.   Valve doesn't even needs to waste time making cosmetics, they can make the arcanas themselves and use community made work. For a company which takes pride into being close and proactive in interacting with the community, I'm surprised Riot doesn't have a legitimate and easy way to submit community content to be sold.   >Most dota cosmetics barely change what your hero looks like and about 2/3rds of them look like shit.   At least they don't cause glitches or have [splash arts that look nothing like the in-game models]( or break the lore like a [Mummy dressed as a cake]( Saying 2/3rds of Dota cosmetics is just personal opinion so I won't comment on how ugly i find some of LoL's skins. ^^^SSWRengoDandyiscrying   >It's really annoying that fair comparisons are avoided when comparing the games, pretty much everyone always highlights the bad things that League does and ignores/is unaware of all the things that dota has been screwing up recently.   It's true that Valve messes up a lot and Riot has done a lot of good, but most people who plays both games would just agree Riot really needs to step it up, they are amazing at PR and appearing awesome to the community, but not so much when it comes to actually giving back to the community. Those of us who's been playing Dota might appear to be self-entitled but that's probably because we have been spoiled by Valve. Hell, no one thinks Valve does everything perfect, it's just that a lot of companies like Riot are significantly worse. Valve fucks up a lot, but they are good in the areas that really count - they've changed a lot based on valid player opinion, they fix bugs literally overnight, they add player friendly features and QoL upgrades - contrast this with Riot who spends most of their time making skins, takes 5 years to fix a bug, don't disable champs when they have game-breaking glitches and haven't improved the client at all.
0	it really depends on the university.   I've taken classes at UC Berkeley, Cal State East bay, and Diablo Valley junior college.   Most professors at large, well respected universities like Berkley think that they're hot shit. they almost never respond to students and rarely show up for their posted office hours.   at Cal State East Bay, bring a mid level school, you had a mix of professors that were full of themselves, and others that actually gave a shit about their students, responding accordingly.   Junior colleges are even more helpful. professors there tend to be extremely supportive of students and will bend over backwards to help them out of they need it.
1	If you want to stream, then just go for it. Your friends for one would love to watch you I'm sure. Whatever the community things differs from people to people. You don't necessarily need to be some kind of awesome player to be a streamer. However you are more likely to get a lot of viewers if you are pro.   Anyway to give you a small idea about how the process would go, you will start off really small with maybe 1 viewer at the time and this will be a friend most of the time. If you can become interesting in your own way your stream will grow as people will start to like you. For example Guardsman Bob, he has been among the top watched streamers from the time he was 1500 Elo. He was nothing special but people enjoyed watching him as he would be interesting.
0	I have a copy of The Nutcracker. I've had it for 13 years and have loved it since I was 6. I would always have my mom put it in the cassette player when it was time for me to go to bed. I'd fall asleep every night with that playing. Over the years, I started to fall asleep further and further along into the recording. There were even the occasional nights that I succeeded in staying awake until the end of the SIDE 1 and was able to tip-toe to the cassette player and EJECT and flip to SIDE 2. Those were the best nights. On the nights I was upset and restless, I would get to hear both sides to my content. But as the years took their toll on my beautiful Nutcracker cassette tape, it began to play quicker the further along you got into each SIDE,  thus, a copy of the nutcracker suite which plays at an increasing tempo.  After a certain point, I retired it to the shelf in its protective case so it wouldn't deteriorate further. Every once in a while though, I still pull it down and play it as I'm falling asleep...
0	I'm sorry but this is actually a terrible idea. Engine braking will never lock the wheels up, yes, but driveline drag or the shock to the wheels if you're not careful on your downshift can be enough to break traction. Ultimately it doesn't matter if you use the brakes or if you use the engine: the issue isn't slowing the wheel speed down so much as it is keeping the wheels from breaking loose.   Threshold braking is a much better idea because it always takes traction in to account. If you take a little time to find the slip point in bad weather, you should be able to get a good feel of when you still have traction and when you don't, and adjust accordingly.
0	What I say in response: thanks! They're great kids!   What I think: damn right! That's because of the forty times I macked them for having done wrong at home!
1	ed: As a quick note, both armor and MR are/were already bolded in the secondary considerations section for that matchup. So some of what I've written below makes a lot less sense lol.   Most of the times I've played the matchup, the Shyvana I've played against has built and AD item (like BotRK or Hydra) either first or second item. While her abilities in these situations would still be dealing mostly magic damage, these players would frequently look to repeatedly autoattack me - to the point where their damage output would be slightly more physical than magic. Obviously if you're up against a Shyvana that doesn't opt for an early AD item, then this point is pretty nullified.   With Flask and TP (and again making an assumption that Shyvana will build some sort of AD in her first 2 items - which is obviously not always going to be true), her non-AA harass (which is magic damage) was typically not high enough to justify becoming weaker against her all-in, at least for my play style etc.   So
1	ok here's the thing that everyone in these comments seems to be missing. even OP is completely oblivious to what's happening, and he expects riot to just "reset his MMR" for him which is something that I'm certain they will not do unless there was actually a bug involved. this is not a bug, this is a result of having inflated MMR and needing to be brought back down to reality.   he was silver on EUW (hard server), plat 4 on EUE (easier), then diamond 2 on turkey server (easiest). he would achieve an MMR say of 2300 on turkey. however, turkey 2300 MMR would not be nearly as skilled (in general) as EUW 2300 MMR   so when he transfers, he gets silver league (an essentially meaningless part of the equation - leagues are purely for vanity). that is likely intentional like you said so that people can't abuse low pop servers to gain leagues.   so now he's on EUW with 2300 MMR and silver league, playing against people that are WAAAY too good for him. simply put he does not deserve to be in diamond league on EUW.   he would win a lot more LP than he would lose, but the problem is he actually can't win because he doesn't deserve to be there. he's probably mid-high gold player at best on EUW.   ultimately there's not much riot can do about this problem since ELO/MMR is not an idea, but rather a mathematical formula. the best probable solution would be completely resetting your league and ELO upon moving servers (if the problem is even worth fixing which is debateable. I'd argue that nothing is broken and the system is actually doing what it should)
0	Just because it's not a genetic fact doesn't mean it's not a physical one. If black people bang other black people they will almost always have black kids with similar features. Why are we arguing about that?   Why are we fighting about whether "race" is real or not? It's real if people say it's real and know what you mean when they say it. If I said I like black people you'd know what i meant. If I said I like dark skinned people with dark eyes and dark hair that's a lot less descriptive. I could be talking about Mexicans, Indians, tan Asians, Native Americans, the list goes on.
0	We got to the storage unit at 5:05, and the front office closed at 5:00. They were in no mood to help. My local friend showed up with bolt cutters and a grinder after a call of desperation. The bolt cutters didn't work because the lock was too heavy duty, and we didn't have a long enough extension cord to plug the goddamn grinder in. I ended up paying $75 for a late night visit from a sketchy locksmith that didn't give two shits about whether or not the front office gave their approval. He had a 100 ft extension cord... my friend had a 75 ft. All in all, just a shit day.
0	To truly flood the streets?   to have a majority of Americans, or at least a significant portion of them suddenly go out against all the subtle fences of domestication, all the social engineering, go out despite police forces, some of which are equipped with military vehicles and drones, and try to change things violently, or at least actively?   you've gotta take away their couches, internet, and cushioning. and you have to take these things away from a culture that is not only obsessed with, but for the most part strives for the further acquisition and enjoyment of these things.   needless to say this is incredibly difficult if not impossible.   in my understanding of it, the only real way that things are going to change are either through the creation of alternatives, the active mass use of a countermeasure, or some people lobbying to change them.   for the issues facing online privacy, these things would be, say, creating a new internet of sorts, one that is less vulnerable to government surveillance, if not impervious; the mass use of countermeasures in order to combat unlawful surveillance, as in everyone using vpns or tor as often as they use Reddit, for instance; or by people paying off enough politicians to try and change the current standings on this.   I'm not saying that i know exactly how the system works and that i speak from some position of education or credibility on the subject, but from what i do know- which is not much, to be fair- these are the only real outcomes as far as the prospects of American revolution are concerned.
1	Are you sure about that?   A lot of people often confuse games won with games played because Riot puts significantly more emphasis on games won. I've played over 4000 matches of league and I'm still sitting on my 999th normal win hoping to get my 1000th with a Rioter. You have to account for the fact that each queue measures win/loss independently, and each ranked season starts you over at 0/0 in ranked queue (I played about 1400 ranked matches alone last season).
0	Guilty of this in Mass Effect 2, namely saving the fully-upgraded heavy weapon (some big hulking nuclear missile launching doodad) all the way until the end of the game. I kept telling myself "I'm going to wind up in a situation where I'm going to need this."   Well, lo and behold, the last boss comes up and I think "This is a situation befitting of that doodad." One shot proceeds to take a big chunk of the boss's health away, kills his minions, and promptly kills me and my entire time.
0	You realise that more people now know about it and even if your post convinced some of those who previously did, to not watch it, the % of people who didnt know and now know, that wont be convinced, added to the number of people who are left not convinced by it will probably be a much greater number than the number that would have watched it without you making your post.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	Its making me sick to see Thorin and Monte with no respect for Regi, when he's done so much more for the community than they ever will. And its even more sickening to see the community taking their side over Regi's.   Regi has been involved in the LoL proscene since day 1. He created probably the most loved NA team. Thorin - I don't know what he does. He makes long shitty interviews which no one watches because they're way too long and boring. And Monte is a guy who commentates on a game he doesn't even play, and skypes with CLG every now and then, taking credit for their victories.
1	This post pretty much personifies why I hate mathcrafting so much. In S2, Nashor's Tooth was easily the most cost effective item in the game - but you almost never saw it purchased. Why? Because the combination of stats was only useful on literally three heroes - Teemo, Jax, and Kayle. Maybe Xin Zhao, but not as a serious purchase. Regardless of how cost effective Wraith Spirit it, the stats it gives such, and the Spirit Stone build path is  horrible  for laners.   Just because an item is cost effective, doesn't mean it's useful. Spellvamp is a very niche stat, and almost none of the heroes who want Spellvamp are going to be mana heroes, which makes the build path even  more  of a waste. Moreover, no strong AP jungler would need this item. Diana doesn't need it, Elise certainly wouldn't need it, and there's no way in hell Fiddlesticks would need it. Karthus  might  like it, but it wets back his build and it's by no means a required item for jungle Karthus.
1	Tier 1 runes are fine and should not be deleted. They're so cheap in comparison to tier 2 runes that it barely dents your ip wallet. The trick to them is picking only one stat: 100 ip for a Free Faerie charm every game? Sure! 100 ip for (with masteries) for a free Long Sword? Sound good! Although Riot should make an in-game tip stating that tier 1 runes are only useful if used as a single stat.   Tier 2 runes on the other hand are the noob trap; way too expensive for something that won't be used for long after completing the purchase. Riot should either remove these, or make these in particular be upgradeable as others have mentioned.
1	Again this is an issue of sportsmanship and 'best effort'.   I have been part of many online tournaments and I have been on the receiving end of OPs behavior many times. When a team (or player) who perceives he has almost no chance to win a fair match, they will ignore any communication, get on at the very last chance to play and just hope the opponent happen to not the ready right away so that they can push for a forfeit.   Bad admins give them the win, good admins see through this tactic.   OP is trying to do what we in the poker world would call 'angle shooting', while technically following some of the rules, he is breaking the written (and unwritten) rules about good behavior and sportsmanship.
0	So? I'm saying this as someone who has backed dozens of Kickstarters. It's a transaction. I want this product or project to happen, and if I give them money, they give me something back.   I guess you can call it a charity because I'm generally giving them more money then whatever the thing they're giving me is worth - that's just expected.   But, they are asking for this money so they can keep doing what they are doing - so they can make this thing. Fundraising for NPR and the like is the same thing - they are asking for money so they can keep doing what they're doing.   I view charity as giving to help the needy. Giving to homeless shelters, to people buying toys for children in hospitals, for people trying to end domestic abuse, for trying to cure cancer. Charity is a word you use when you are giving to someone who is trying to make the world a better place, and you give out of benevolence and the kindness of your heart.   Kickstarter is giving to a comic book artist so they can make a comic book. It's giving to a writer so they can write a book. It's giving to a director to make a movie - it's giving to a cook so they can make jelly. It's giving to an inventor trying to reinvent the smart watch. It's giving money to someone so they can use it for their own ends, and make more money off of it.   Giving to a kickstarter so someone will make something I want to see them make isn't me being charitible, it's inwardly selfish: I want this thing, so here is money for this thing.
1	I have a theory about banning in ranked solo queue, can someone confirm my theory or explain why it's wrong? My theory is this: if a champion has a win rate 50% or below for your tier, banning that champ will actually hurt your chances of winning. Take Shen for instance, with a Bronze win rate that ranges from 45 to 48 percent. Even though your less enlightened teammates will say "shen op gg we lost", giving your opponent Shen will actually increase your chances of winning, since the team that plays against Shen wins more than 50 percent of the time. Janna and Rammus are better bans than Thresh or Shen, unless you are banning out a counterpick of course.
0	cold hard facts   Ok, I laughed. If Reddit has taught me anything, it's that people can make themselves believe anything.   > Even so, it still isn't legal to infinitely detain citizens, as it wouldn't hold up in court, as the law violates the Constitution.   Your argument doesn't work - you have laws in place that are going against the Constitution as it is - in fact the final quote you replied to - I'm sure the killing of a US citizen without due process goes against the constitution - It runs contrary to constitutional guarantees protecting persons accused of crimes. So please explain to me how this is a 'cold hard fact'   >> One does not simply refuse to assassinate American citizens without due process.   > Are you suggesting that we should have arrested Awlaki? Why didn't we think of that with Bin Laden, too?!   Are you suggeting you are in favour of the assassination of US citizens without due process? Quite interesting.
1	I don't think you know what being decent at something means. If you tell me half of the players currently playing ahri is decent at her you're really just dreaming, most of them picked her up cause she's popular and has no idea on how to play her. Also, what if there were 2 godlike urgot player, and only those 2 played urgot in the whole world? one wouldn't be decent cause he'd be the lower 50%? Not to mention you can get to gold by playing everything else, if you've never played her I doubt you can be considered decent at her.
0	I'm pretty fat but I don't have any trouble shaving my neck.  I think the neckbeard thing is either because the person with it can't be arsed to shave (or sometimes bathe or any kind of basic hygiene) or they want to grow a beard but can't anywhere except their neck so they delude themselves into thinking it looks good.  They are often socially awkward, dress poorly (usually a plain t shirt and jeans and often a trilby) because they either don't know any better or because they think fashion is a waste of time.  The thing that really sticks out to me about them is that they buy into a bunch of macho/gentlemen bullshit out of insecurity that they may not be manly enough.  They think their own interests (usually video games though not exclusively or always) are the pinnacle and everything else is stupid or pointless and will loudly and proudly tell you so.  Above all, they are arrogant, again, probably compensating for crippling insecurity.
0	It was part of an example and a joke about how difficult the lecture I had just given was. So I asked towards the end, "Okay, that was a lot to take in. Does anyone have a headache from this?" A few students tentatively raise their hands. Then I pick one of the students who raised their hand and move into a discussion about how responsibility connects up with true/false beliefs versus rational/irrational beliefs and I use the student's headache as an example in the discussion.   In this particular class I just happen to have an extra painkiller because I had bought a package of two from the campus bookstore before class and took one for my own headache I had that morning. So when I got to this part of my lecture and this example, I just happen to have a painkiller to hand the student with the headache who I was relying on as my example.   So... yep.
1	I think playing a wide variety of roles for a balanced amount of time helps your map awareness. At a low-mid level of play a lot of the time top lane won't give two shits what's happening bottom lane and vice versa, to the point where they have no clue the enemy jungler is currently in the bottom lane brush whilst he thinks he's about to get ganked. Of course it matters for everything from positioning of the enemy jungler team to timing of buffs, strength of champions, what to build as a result of this etc.   Swapping constantly between roles without confining yourself to one or two gives you a bigger insight into what's important for the macro part of the game and what the team needs to do to win, with map awareness being a huge part of this.
1	I wish people would understand that peke and rekkles aren't mvp , and its cyanide and yellowstar amazing map control in early mid game that allowed  rekklkes and peke to get picks.
1	Perhaps you dont understand. You see Ali on cooldown is fairly useless but he managed that extremely well. The first Knockup was normal, most Alis can land that but after his timing to tank the tower was perfect. Just as the fight breaks out he moves into range to start tanking the tower but doesn't do so until the fight moves into tower. Next we got his CD back up. Instead of going for a combo and Risk losing the kill he flash to position himself for a headbutt and saves the Knockup until his team kills Udyr and is ready to kill Soraka. Granted nothing was stand out amazing but he stayed in the fight and played the role proper which is a good example for other players.
1	For clarification HTC m7 is the HTC one. The first HTC one that came out is called the m7. I'm currently using the HTC one m8. And the HTC one m9 is coming out soon if not already available.
0	I view the world in a black and white way? You view the world in a fucking sparkle and glittered filled pink sheen then. People DON'T learn from their mistakes. People are cold, heartless, fickle creatures that only care about the moment they live in. Oh- and just so you know? I actually DO think someone that kills another human from drunk driving should be executed, I see it as the same thing as first degree murder. So, yeah, that actually sounds like a fucking AWESOME idea.   I will NOT empathize with someone that wont' empathize with everyone else around them by getting in a car hammered. Altering your perception and getting into a device that can kill people is a brazenly selfish act that endangers EVERYONE in the area's life.   Yeah, I'm being cold and heartless too, and I fucking know that, but I've never pretended that I'm a caring understanding individual either.   Oh- and that alcoholic thing? Yeah, that could have been worded better, how about this. "Alcoholics might not make up all DUI drivers, but I've dealt with enough of them that ANYONE who drinks and makes a stupid choice that puts others in danger has lost my respect."  I'd much rather empathize with someone who gives a shit about other people.
1	I am in no way a high elo player, but i am pretty good at this game and i think i can give a few tips.  You should try to play really defensive/passive, and only go up to the minion wave to last hit. (note: stay in xp range)  It is hard, but very rewarding of knowing when to go in to farm and when to trade. At early levels, you want to be trading when you have a minion wave advantage, level advantage, position advantage.   If we take the specific matchup Riven vs Teemo, this is a breakdown of what is going through my head. Did he use his Q? Did he become overagressive? Did he make a major mistake? (ex: take a lot of free minion dmg, poke you under tower while taking a few tower shots) All of these things signal that you should go in.
0	I don't think what you did is a good thing, and you should feel some shame for doing it...   But I get it.   Kids can't appreciate 15 bucks like an adult can, and he's a little kid, it's not the last 15 dollars he will ever lose.   Plus, if the kid cries enough with big, wet puppy-dog eye, adults will give him money just to feel better. Hell, he could probably even come out ahead.   I wouldn't high-five you for this, but if you offered me one of the beers I would not turn it down.
1	DO A
0	You shouldn't personally be accountable but you should realize that your life as a white man is a lot easier because of both the genocide and the system that continues to treat Anglos better than Indians.   Regardless of how poor you are, being white gives you huge advantages. People are more likely to hire you, you didn't grow up on the rez where people have to deal with a federal system that [continues to fuck them over]( on top of the poverty. The maximum penalty tribal courts can give anyone is 3 years in prison, often less. Congressmen were voting against renewing the Violence Against Women Act of 2000 partially because it "Gives Indian tribes criminal jurisdiction over domestic violence, dating violence, and violations of protective orders that occur on their lands."   >The government did not pursue rape charges on reservations 65 percent of the time last year and rejected 61 percent of cases involving charges of sexual abuse of children, the federal data showed. In contrast, the Justice Department declined 20 percent of drug trafficking cases nationwide, according to the federal figures.   >Once federal prosecutors do decline a case, they seldom hand over evidence to tribal courts, according to the Government Accountability Office. An office report last year also found that federal prosecutors fail to tell tribes that they have declined cases until after the tribe’s statute of limitations has expired.
1	I find it fun, I guess it depends on your perspective. I've been playing just short of a year now, and I have lots of friends to play with. That has helped keep the game fun for me. I enjoy ranked, I love the feeling of winning, and I do get angry when I lose, but I try to take that loss and turn it into a victory in some way or another. Having friends to duo with definitely helps. If you don't have fun when you lose, it sounds as if you are playing to win, so the biggest 2 things I would suggest that you could do to have more fun is to try and queue as 5 people, and play to have fun!
0	I was in college at the time, but my father worked at home and at the office for a giant production company. He got a T1 line installed to our house to do simulations while at home (company paid for it). He needed it to size his reactors, distillation columns, heat exchangers, etc.
0	this must be a conspiracy.  someone who knew it's going to happen grew compassionate and got more people to work for emergency stuff in order to not go to hell.
1	Granted I'm gold IV atm but I've been winning over 60% of my games and climbing due to something I think I've recently come up with. In the past my focus has been on winning my lane or counter picking my lane, which is nice but if the champ you pick does have synergy with your team comp then late game and team fights I tend to struggle. So lately I've been leaning more towards picking champs that have good synergy with the rest of my team, and I promise you I can tell the difference in games now. If your team is squishy no matter your role try to pick a front liner, if you lack CC get a cc heavy champ, if you see your mid is ori pick j4 or zac for good ball initiates, this really makes the difference in games imo.
0	An engineering degree, at least for undergrad, is meant to be more about teaching you how to think and solve problems. Problems that you are going to need to figure out how to solve, they aren't going to be in a text book, or on your test because they don't have a known solution. If they had a known solution you wouldn't need an engineer to find that solution. [This is a good quote from someone else in this thread](   As an example, in mechanical engineering your core classes are going to be (from [wikipedia](   >* Mathematics (in particular, calculus, differential equations, and linear algebra)     Statics and dynamics   Strength of materials and solid mechanics   Material Engineering, Composites   Thermodynamics, heat transfer, energy conversion, and HVAC   Fuels, combustion, Internal combustion engine   Fluid mechanics (including fluid statics and fluid dynamics)   Mechanism and Machine design (including kinematics and dynamics)   Instrumentation and measurement   Manufacturing engineering, technology, or processes   Vibration, control theory and control engineering   Hydraulics, and pneumatics   Mechatronics, and robotics   Engineering design and Product design   Drafting, computer-aided design (CAD) and computer-aided manufacturing (CAM)     Everyone that majors in mechanical engineering takes the same basic classes, regardless of the industry they go in to. None of those classes would present me with real world problem solving scenarios for the design of a car. In order to do that I'm going to need to do more research, then do testing, and modeling, and more testing, based on my research. Engineering is not something you expect to get right the first try, the best you can do is use redundant checks in your design process, that's why there is always prototyping and testing that goes on prior to the actual release of any product.
0	Ah, I too have a bad luck awkward story.  So I'm in high school, finishing up junior year, and prom comes up, so I ask a beautiful girl to go (not knowing her reputation for being a hoe). She says yes, and I'm super excited, because I'm a guy who doesn't get many dates. We go to dinner at a fancy restaurant, and take an escalade to the dance. We dance until 11, when the dance stops, and change clothes for the after prom party. Here's the twist, though. At after prom we met up with a guy I kinda knew, but she knew well.  This guy starts feeling up my date and she's not doing it back, but she's letting him. So of course, I'm like "wtf", but I let it go. We go around and do all the different stuff at the party, and then we make it back around to this kid. Basically right there, she tells me to go away. She hangs with this kid for the rest of the night and I find some other friends but oh wait, she's my ride home. So at the end of the night, I have to ride back to my house with this whorish girl. Awkward, to say the least.
0	Its safe to say he was dating his mom, they broke up because his dad (also married to his mom) found out. Instead of his dad killing him he brought him food and beers but only after his ex girlfriend/mom (same person) told him to.
1	They should make it so the league points in Diamond 1 and Challenger are the samr thing. So you won't just stop getting league points in D1. Let's say summoner number 50 in Challenger has 166 lp. This means that for anyplayer in D1 wanting to get above him, that person needs atleast 167 lp. Which will then demote the guy with lover lp and promote the D1 player. This way you will be able to see your progress towards Challenger and still feel like you are actually getting something.
0	That's the jist of it actually...  edit: (accidentally hit save)  Basically I moved 150 miles so we could live together shortly after she moved away from where I was living, paid all her bills, etc etc. We decided after some time that we were going to move back to San Francisco (where we met) and immediately after our move back she spent pretty much every night at another guy's house and eventually broke up with me and tried to tell me to move out of the house I had paid rent in for us.
1	So, this is brought up a lot. Here's the thing: Elo works fine as a rating system for LoL, there's just much more variance due to having each player count for only part of the win. On top of that, since there are many roles you may be forced into, rating a LoL player with a single number is problematic: You're factoring in last-hitting, reflexes, positioning, knowledge of builds, knowledge of counterpicks, teamwork, communication, skillshot skill, and a host of other things into one number. Of  course  it's going to vary. Hell, your Elo is never perfectly accurate - some days you're tired, some days you play when drinking, etc. As an approximation of your rating? Yeah, it's pretty accurate. There'll be people who have bad luck/good luck streaks, but on the whole I'm reasonably comfortable that 99% of the players are within 200 elo or less of where they "should" be.   One thing I think a lot of people fail to realise is that Elo isn't a matchmaking system in Chess -it's a rating system. Obviously giant disparities tend to be avoided, but the point of Elo is you can measure what a 1400 player's chances of winning are against a 1600 player. They're there, and they're real - the point isn't "better player wins every time." It's "better player wins most of the time."
0	I am a torrent n00b but this is the basics, anyone should be able to do it.   To torrent something, you first need a bittorrent client, which is a program that does torrents ( idk the technical terms i dont fuckin do IT ). I used to use uTorrent but now its bloated with ads and adware. I like qBittorrent which I got from ninite.com (highly recommended btw). lightweight and easy to understand. /r/torrents probz can help u choose a good client.   OK you have your client, now u can do torrentz and shit. A good site for torrents is thepiratebay, get adblock first tho. be smart the most popular torrents are usually safe and usually only download torrents from trusted users, and those that have ppl commenting on the quality and safety of the torrent.   Usually the worst that can happen legally is your ISP mailing you saying "hey u downloaded something illegally stop it lolz :3" but apparently according to reddit you can get legit get sued from diff companies. So people usually get a VPN or proxies or seedboxes and shit but that costs money. BUT U SHOULD PROBABLY GET ONE
0	My son has started watching the new Scooby Doo recently, and I've seen enough episodes to know that Fred only fantasizes about traps.  Yes, he even has a subscription to "Traps Illustrated" that he tried to hide from Daphne.
1	Flask costs 345 gold and sells for 138, thus you need to regain stats worth of 207 gold in order for it to pay itself back.   It gives you 3 charges, each charge is worth 0.8 health pot and 0.6 mana pot. Thus each charge is worth 28+21=49 gold. One full usage of flask is worth 147 gold then, but to keep things simple, we calculate this in charges.   The result is that you need to fully benefit from 4.2244898 charges in order for it to pay itself back on champions that use mana. Just for the sake of math, lets calculate it on manaless champions too!   In order for flask to be profitable you need to use 7.39285714 charges, thus going back to fill the flask two times is required for it to start netting profit for you.
0	While I believe that both God and the devil do exist, God's existence does not require the devil, though the devil requires that God exists.   On people getting up in arms about blaming the devil for thing that are done: Satan isn't omnipotent, omnipresent, or omniscient. Most of the crap that people do is simply because we are a broken and sinful people. We are plenty depraved without the devil getting involved.   "The greatest lie the devil ever told is that he doesn't exist" -unknown
0	The only thing that I know my father to have stolen is a gas station squeegee, and he did it in front of me.   When I was 15, learning to drive and take care of a car my dad and I stopped in to fill up the tank at a local gas station.  I'm sitting in the passenger seat of the '69 convertible Beetle that I would spend the rest of my teenagehood driving while my dad gassed up and we chatted.   Suddenly, the pump starts spraying gas everywhere. All over the car, my dad, myself, the pump, the ground, you name it.  He finally gets it to stop and heads inside to talk to the attendant.   As I am cleaning up what I can, my dad storms out tells me to get in the car, grabs the squeegee and tosses it into the passenger seat with me. We drove off quickly.   I turned to my always calm father and asked what happened. He said matter of factly, "He told me that they wouldn't reimburse me for the gas that was wasted.  I just wanted them to fix it so it doesn't happen again."   "What about this?" I said grabbing the squeegee.   "I don't know."   "OK"
1	What was the process you went through to get on those teams. When did you realize that going pro wasnt for you? Were those teams brutally honest with you and told you to gtfo or were they really welcoming to you. Was it a close cut? things like that.
0	Well, as adults, when you work, you pay into this thing called unemployment. You don't have a choice, you can't opt out of it. When you are out of work, since you payed into it, you get to draw off of it (if you happen to be eligible). When you get a job again, you go back to paying into unemployment.   Unemployment is there for when you are looking for more work. Your full time job, is to get a job. If we force people to work for unemployment, we are forcing them to work, for something they have already worked for.
1	oh   sorry
1	I agree. It seems like the level of detail for the skin varies greatly from champion to champion.   The Mundo skin throws a trophy, which makes a different sound (visual + sound change)   The Shen skin (as you've mentioned) has a different sound for his AA, but not his Q.   The Ezreal skin has no change in terms of either visuals or sound. Personally I would love a red tint for ez's spells.   I haven't played the other 2 skins so I don't know what has/hasn't been changed.
0	I'll speak generally, because it can certainly vary by industry and obviously will vary based on title/level of the position.   Bad news first: Almost all positions are offered internally initially. By the time they are online for the public, the hiring manager has shown a clear need to look externally. Then it usually goes to headhunters and recruiting firms. Usually by this time, the hiring manager has been getting bombarded directly by his network.   Let's say that route is exhausted...this is incredibly rare....   The information put in the system is used by HR for filtering, but it's also stored for analytics. They or an external consultancy can track diversity, application trends, etc. The actual résumé attached to that person goes to the respective hiring manager, once it's pilfered out of the database. Cover letters are also important, as they give the perspective employer a good idea of your tone and writing skills.   The HR analyst can pick and choose from this selection, depending on the criteria that the hiring manager puts into the job posting.   The HR analyst may do some further screening, with a token phone interview, survey, personality or IQ test, etc.
0	I was doing delivery for a bit and it was really monotonous.  It was really silly what they expected of me.  I drove a long route each day, took a while to re-stock inventory at each account.  Every day I was working 30 minutes longer than I was getting paid for.  I told them this.  They gave me that look that suggested that if I pursued what I was saying, I would be fired.  I really wish I could remember the details, but basically their point was I get to drive 30-45 minute at a time, so I shouldn't be taking 15 minute breaks.  My thought process was, because the boss was kind of an ass, that I would crash the company vehicle if I took a break while I was driving.  (I know that's kind of passive, but whatever)   I'm pretty sure the details were that I was supposed to take a hour lunch break.  I had this sent to me via a text message from the manager.  It was basically that I worked 8am to 5 pm with a one hour lunch break.   It was 100% impossible to finish the job, and be back to the warehouse by 5pm if I literally took a one hour lunch break.  I worked fast and was efficient, I even kept a time log for a while of my driving, unpacking and stocking inventory.  My warehouse manager couldn't leave until I returned, so he asked how long I was taking for lunch, and I said an hour.  So he said I was only supposed to be taking 30 minute lunches, to which I showed him the text he sent me months before about taking an hour lunch.  He said oops, and then I started only taking 30 minute lunches, so technically was working 30 minutes more each day, but not getting paid for it.  When I confronted them, I was basically told tough shit.  I quit.   Before quitting, and when the warehouse manager and the owner thought it was strange that I wasn't getting back before 5 pm (they had hoped that I would be back by 4pm and have about 45 minutes to an hour to work in the warehouse and maybe start prepping the next day's deliveries.  The manager came with me one day, and we got back by 5pm.  He said, see it can be done by 5 pm.  I could not understand why he didn't realize the only reason we were back by 5pm was because he was helping me that day, AND our lunch break was a drive through and eating while driving, so we really didn't stop.   I'm sorry, but if my title is delivery driver, then driving is part of my job, and I'm not "taking my break" while I'm driving.  I took advantage of my hour lunch break, I would usually do reading for college classes on my iPad or even homework a few times.   I'm sure they hired some idiot that was willing to be a bitch for 12 bucks an hour after I left.
0	I actually read that stickied post before the admins went full retard with the ban hammer. In it, the mods explained the situation and said they'd remove all of those pics and keep them off the subreddit, and as far as I know they succeeded in that endeavor.
1	That Kennen... they all played together so well. The reason I think they won, though, was because the only wards they used were pink ones.. and they would always delay long enough that when they set them down they would catch the other teams wards there.   Each player on poland got sort of fed just from catching stragglers everywhere.. all because of these wards covering the map. In the beginning they were losing teamfights horribly, but as it progressed they were just too strong even for CLG to pull off a team fight (especially because Polands team comp was built for team fights, I think they did this because they knew it would be their weakness against such a strong team).
1	I would say his community is a bit different in the way that speed running community is about 99% stream based and other then speed running themselves which little actually get into watching and the chat is the one way they get to experience it. While LoL is a community of millions in which streaming is very in important to many as they rarely watch (while yes their are many regular stream watchers, a lot are also there just because they are randomly bored.) So around half the people don't care about their experience as they do not experience it but once in a little while, while the other half suffer. You can tell the community has a lot of random viewers by the way the viewer count fluctuates so much on LoL streams from about 1k to 10k while someone like Cosmo has a more steady count around 3k (haven't watched him in a while but it was when I watched)
1	I just hate it in ELO hell where you haved just aced the enemy and got baron.  You type in chat for all your allies to help you push and you start pushing out mid, however ALL your allies recall and complain you did not stay with the team despite the fact you could have got an inhibitor out of it.  When you lose after this it makes me a sad panda
1	I see one major flaw in you suggestion and that is that champions that champions with an inherently "stronger" kit would just kill everything.  For example kassadin he is a problem because he has a low cd dmg flash while being tanky as fuck. If you were to add diminishing ratios he would outclass all champions in the game by a big margin since he doesn´t need alot of dmg items to be strong and could build rather tanky.  So this change would end up bringing the champions to the most strenght that have the "best" kit those that exel in Mobility and utility aspects(range, stealth machanics, invulnaribility etc.)  also not adding a diminishing scaling to all chmaps would to the same just reversed since the few champs that would have diminishing scalings would be inherently worse then those who don´t.
1	it's dom, like it matters   but seriously this is why they need to add ranked dom so people that want to play it seriously like you can.   not me though, i play nidalee in most my dom matchs (+40 wins atm) and have fun just chucking spears all game. usually i place 1st or 2nd but i just do it for fun.   maybe you should find a character you enjoy just playing in the mean time?
0	When I was around 20 I had a job at a local library. It was about a 15 min drive away. Being young and wanting to do a good job and not let anyone down, I worked for a stupid ass bitch and took her shit.   Well one winter we had this wicked snow storm, for sure the library would be shut down I thought. So right before my shift, I called in.   "Oh we are still open, you have to come in and work" Me:"really? Who's going to the library in this?" Boss:"we have clients, you have to come in"   So I get ready to go, and my mom is floored that I am going out in the weather. I left and it took me about 45 min to do a 15 min trip.   When I got there, my boss then says "I forgot you drive in"  (many of the workers were within walking distance). She asked how bad it was, I said terrible, she said I could leave early.   When I got home, my mom asks if my boss said anything, I said only that I could leave early. She said that my boss called back 5 min after I left to say not to bother, and my mom tore her a new one on the phone...   Mom FTW   (FYI, my future wife's step father also tore her a new one after she told me explicitly - in front of him and my future SIL - that I shouldn't be helping patrons and I should be doing my job (shelving books) )   On another note, during that massive blackout 8 years ago or so.. My wife and I called our offices, no one answered at hers, so she didn't go inthe next day. I called mine, and my manager said that yes they were open and to come in.   I said really?   She says "yes, we have power, we're open"   I said "we may have power, but what about our clients?"   She just said "you have to come in"   So I made a very dangerous drive in, because half the city was still without power, including many intersections.   A coworker tried to get in via subway, and gave up because of the mess..   So from 9 until 1 I sat around and did nothing because (hark) we had no work, our clients weren't as stupid as we were to go into work...
1	It's a great idea! The way I imagine it would be like an Avatar style animation that follows the lore and different storylines within LoL. With the huge cast, Riot would have so much content to play with + already so many different worlds (Demacia vs Noxus, Freljord conflict, Piltover, Shadow Isles etc). They've already got talented voice actors + they could reference competitive league memes. Hell they could even get Phreak to narrate it :P If the LoL animation got picked up by a major network, it would bring so many new players to the game and it would give LoL even more legitimacy in popular culture.
0	By the time my SECOND lease was up I was ready to move back in with my parents. This guy used my Stereo cabinet as a bottle opener, left stuff in the sink until they grew mold, bring girls with kids over, and I had to share a bathroom with that guy because it was "cheaper". We worked at the same place and our boss gave us the same days off sometimes. Anybody younger than 23 reading this, IMO it is better to be paying for a car than paying for an apartment and it is hell trying to do both.
0	There was a foreign exchange student at my university who got super drunk one night about a week before finals (and hence, right before she would leave the country). My university is in the south and a particularly small place with really nice people. Low crime, all that. She tripped and two guys tried to help her; she panicked, ran straight into a brick wall and broke her neck and both her wrists. When she woke up, she tried to accuse them of assault, but there were so many witnesses that it was immediately dropped.
0	Ah, as a line cook you would think that. I was a line cook for 2yrs before moving to front of house, like you I hated when people came in late but then realized it sucks even more as the server. As a line cook you are pretty much going to leave at the same time, every shift. However, as a server when someone comes in 5 mins before close you have no idea whether they are going to camp for 2hrs, tip shitty or whatever. Thats what sucks about it. The unknowable. As a line cook once we have sent the food out that should be the last thing we have to wait on that is based on the customer. (unless they send it back, then fuck them)
1	I'll be completely and totally honest. This excuse of not performing well because "they need more time to play together" is complete bullshit. You don't need months and months to create synergy between players when you play every day 8+ hours a day. It takes a week or two tops.   Look at EU, Fnatic gets a new ADC, move their ADC to support and they win the summer split. TSM replaces Chaox with Turtle, did they get any worse? No they got better right away. What about Vulcun when they get Bloodwater? Are they worse now? This excuse of "they will get better in time" is the most overused bullshit and as a long time CLG fan I am really getting tired of it.   Lets have a real talk. CLG's players are the ones who are failing, it isn't synergy, it isn't they haven't had enough time at their new position. Hai moved from jungle to mid and right away he became one of the most feared mids in NA. Their comps always rely on Doublelift carrying the shit out of CLG because he is the only one mechanically strong enough to do so. Nien I'd give credit and say he has been doing very well and has earned his spot, but that is only two players out of five. Link has honestly been a disappointment. Link was hyped up so much as a great player and every now and then he has a great game and looks damn amazing. The only problem is he isn't amazing most of the time. Chauster used to be one of the best supports easily, except the thing we all need to focus on is "used to". I'm assuming Chauster is still their shot caller now, and if he is then he has been doing a shitastic job at it. Their indecision on things has cost them so many games when they have it in the bag. This is what makes CLG games so frustrating to watch. It isn't Doublelift getting caught, it is CLG standing there watching the other team doing dragon after dragon and even baron a couple of times and not doing a single thing. Honestly that should be on bigfatlp because the jungler needs to have control over them but its on the shotcaller too.   I'm done ranting, but if CLG keeps this roster I can't wait to see them in S4 and when they are in the bottom 4 again they'll just say "Well we have been together for barely a year now, we need more time to create synergy" Bullshit.   Oh and to those who say they have gotten better, no they haven't. They started out hella good in the season and everyone had super high expectations. They went down as the season went on then had a small bump towards the end.   -Disgruntled CLG fan.
1	he's provoking an argument that isn't ever going to happen.   Thorin ALWAYS wants an honest, no-bullshit answer (if you watched his reflections videos, you would know how much he loves to put the interviewee on the spot at the end of each video). He structures his questions this way to make sure that Monte doesn't say, "Oh, he didn't perform as good as he usually does, but overall, he's a great top laner."   The whole point of Thorin's interviews -  No bullshit, honest answers.   And remember, Montecristo was invited to this show as a person who is familiar with Korean scene and league of legends meta in general. He, as a professional, HAVE to avoid bias (which is bias towards his team, CLG). Thorin is making sure that the discussion about the most important and the most close Bo3 in NA playoffs (and the longest rivalry in the League of Legends) is not affected by Monte's personal preferences. If Nien fucked up and cost them the spot at the All-stars - I, as a viewer, want to know that. What's the point in avoiding topics that potentially can change my affection towards a particular team? It's simply a style of interviewing and entertaining at the same time (considering that 10k people are watching you and they want to know what an analyst like Monte really thinks).
0	I was coming home from a business trip about 4 years ago when something similar happened. As it happens, I was in my girlfriend's hometown and had asked her dad for permission for his daughter's hand in marriage the night before. My plan was to take her out to a really nice dinner and a walk across the bridge where I would propose.   I got to the airport at 10 am and tried to check in but couldn't. Turns out the AA scheduled my flight for the day before even though she set up my hotel and appointments through the day before (she is no longer employed at the company).   I went to the desk and every airline was telling me they were sold out of flights that day. Being 4 years ago the apps on my phone were somewhat limited but i found a flight. Only problem I couldn't schedule the new flight because the internet kept crapping out.  I tried calling my girlfriend but she was at work where she didn't have internet. So I called my parents. My dad wasn't there but my legally deaf mom was. I had to explain everything and about an hour later got a flight for 8 pm.   I talked to my girlfriend for a while as I waited the 9 hours or so. She suggested just cooking something for when I come home. She could couldn't figure out why I was adamant about going out.  I finally got home and we went to the only place left open down the street from the apartment. I decided I would ask on the walk home. When we went to leave it was pouring. On the way we stopped under a bridge where I popped the question. She said yes and quickly figured out why I was so adamant.
0	That's not how genetics work.  Gingers will be extinct if gingers and carriers of the ginger gene stop having kids.  What's happening is that there are less and less gingers because the ginger gene is being spread out over the population.  If two gingers have kids, all of their kids will be gingers; if a ginger and someone without the gene have kids, all the kids will be non-ginger, but carry the gene; if two ginger carriers have kids, 1/4 will be ginger, 2/4 will be carriers, and 1/4 will be non-ginger; if a non-ginger and a carrier have kids, half will be carriers, half won't; and if a ginger and a carrier have kids, half will be ginger, and half will be carriers.
0	Personal antecdote time:   When I was a wee lad, my family and I bought our Christmas trees from a church parking lot with insanely cheap prices. As in, the trees will sell out by Thursday if they start selling Wednesday. We always went the first night they opened (always a weekday). My dad claimed to have this secret recipe (karo syrup a to keep the tree green and not dry out, but the key to his method was leaving the tree out on the back porch for a few days. Being children, my sisters and I believed him.   Fast forward to a few years ago where my empty nest parents bought the tree, put it up and decorated it all in the same night. My sister more than I was asking why it didn't stat outside when my dad said it had too. It turns out that he made up that story to prevent us from bugging to decorate the tree until the weekend. Looking back it was obvious, but my older sister said she was going to insist on doing that (and probably look weird) whenever she has her own family Christmas.
1	My friend jungles Udyr, and usually rushes Boots of Swiftness: Homeguard as his second build after what he builds first (which I am unsure of). Our other friends who are more exp and have played a since S1 (900-1k wins, you get it, they 'know' their stuff). at least they think.
1	As an Ashe main, it's hard to play Ashe every game. You really have to know when to pick her as opposed to a safer hero like Caitlyn. If the other team has a lot of hard engagers or gap closers and your team doesn't have a front line then it's nearly impossible to do well as Ashe or a similar adc like Varus. In order to play Ashe, you need to know when it's okay to pick Ashe, otherwise you're probably going to end up feeding.   It takes quite a few games to know when it's okay and when it's not okay to play her. For example, I see Nocturne as being the most difficult to deal with pick against Ashe, even to the point where I will not pick her if they haven't locked in a jungler because I know that game would be significantly more difficult to come out on top. Other picks like Leona and Maokai make me wary to pick her, but a lot of the times I can pick her anyways because I hev confidence in my play. You really just have to know how to fit her into a team comp, and make sure she's not going to get owned by the other team. She very much so fills a niche role in the game, she has her insanely powerful strengths and her incredibly abusable weaknesses, and once you know how to manipulate those you end up with a great carry who is one of the best teamfighters in the game. Otherwise, some guy just wants to play Ashe regardless of team comps and gets demolished, blaming it on the hero being shit, not himself.
1	Well written I can say.   In my opinion the raging people you've met so far are either too young, or new to the game. Allright, maybe it's not about age, someone just never grows up, but in many cases it can be experienced how people get wiser the older they are. I always think of myself as being one step ahead of my age, and still see the naive mistakes I've done in the past. Even in LoL, I play this game for more than one and a half year and used to be one of the ragers. Nothing really changed since then, only my attitude, because in the past I played to win, as I thought it's the fun part of the game. Nowadays I see it in an other way, I play every single game for fun, even the desperately lost ones, I never ever surrender and I feel much happier. Thinking about it this way saves me a lot of frustration and also made my performance better. To be honest I'm quite envy of you, that you could enjoy every moment of your gameplay from the very first moment of starting League of Legends, while I and many other players needed time to see things clearly. This is the exact opposite of a problem, be fucken proud of it, and give other players time, stay nice.   Unfortunately I don't exactly know how it is to be addicted to something like you do. I play quite extended periods of time when I've got the time anyways, but when more important things come in (not only work, or in my case studying) I can pretty much do them without just thinking about LoL. As long as you have fun playing it, and it doesn't cause you troubles I suggest you keep on doing what you like to do.   Edit: My favourite champion is Irelia, as you can see her next to my name. Got her on release, and also all the (3) skins. I was luckier in this case, as I played LoL for several months by then, so I had experience with many champs already. Since you are new to this game it's like a miracle that you don't get stomped all day long by the smurfs out there, many new players give up or stay in coop vs ai because of this problem, another reason to be proud.
0	So... if you didn't want to adult you shouldn't have had kids. My wife and I have a functioning marriage and are responsible for a 2 year old. I don't get the choice to pawn my kids off on my ex. I hope your kids don't get wind of your feelings, because how much will it suck when your kids hate you...
1	Lemme preface by saying I used to play Dota originally, but haven't played HoN, but I feel like I know what you mean.  I really like the idea of champions based around interacting with the environment.  The problem with that is there's really only bushes as environment in LoL. That's my main problem with LoL right now is the lack of environment. WHY DOESN'T THE RIVER FLOW?!  Thoughts off the top of my head:  What if when someone was running down/up the river they could get a 5% move increase/decrease?  Could make top lane unique in a small way from bottom, a little safer from ganks. What about a water champion that just goes invisible when its in the river? What about a champion that can straight up see into bushes, or maybe, is invisible to someone standing IN a bush???
1	Yeah. Curse early last split was just dismantling other teams until around MLG Dallas, I believe (a few big points that helped them were the prevalence of carry junglers, the Taric/J4 armor aura strat, and the strength of Miss Fortune, who was Cop's preferred ADC pick). Then Curse began to fall off for several reasons, but largely because the meta changed and they had difficulty changing with it. Somewhere in and around that point Dignitas also went on a crazy winstreak and people couldn't stop talking about how godly they were until they were actually beaten at MLG Dallas by GGU, the team considered worst at that point.   So
1	Unknown people don't like each other. This is always the case, no matter which community you take     In LoL, you have to play together with 4 other people. If your team is losing, you can't just switch people (e.g. in MMORPG's, you can replace one member of a raid, who is playing poorly, with another and everything is fine); you have to stick with the same people for at least 20 minutes. As they do not like each other (see above), they start blaming each other.
1	I have to say, one of the things I do is watch the pros play in soloq. There's even an addon for google chrome. I found that it at least improved my ganking as a jungler; I dunno which adc streams there are, I think maybe robertxlee? Idk that's just something I heard.
1	Eh, not quite. Going to use quotes to make sure this is clear so this doesn't become overly long and confusing thread. So this is how it is right now:       Group A and B are in the same country:          >The pairs were placed in Taiwan or Singapore at league officials’ discretion after the groups were drawn, but pairs could not be split up, as that would affect the bracket stage matchups .       Group A will be playing against Group B in the quarters.          You said   > Current: A+B Phase 1, C+D Phase 2, A and B go against C and D's in QF.   So you are half right here, A and B will be in the same country for group stages however A will play B, not A and B vs. C and D. Remember Quarters are in Korea.   Next up, my proposal:   You said:   >Yours: A+C Phase 1, B+D Phase 2, A and C go against B and D's in QF.   Half correct again, I want A and C to be in the same country for group stages but have the same playoff bracket as Riot listed above. A will play B, and C will play D.   The benefits of my proposal over Riot's is that it facilitates better scrimmages for teams. A and B groups don't want to scrim each other because they will meet in the quarters, same for the C and D groups. This normally wouldn't be a problem if the event was held in a single country but because its not, there are problems with having different servers or ping.   So if A and C are in the same country, they can scrim each other better since they can only meet in the Semis and would have better connections.
0	Depends if you're asking something or suggesting an idea. Lots of times you see "google it" as a response to "How do I open 2 spreadsheets in Excel". Something that has a solid answer and requires no discussion. You don't see it with a post like "Hadoop is a more efficient database than SQL, because...". The ignorant way to phrase that post would be "Is Hadoop a more efficient database than SQL?". You can google that, and your phrasing doesn't encourage discussion, it encourages a simple answer. Just like how bad teachers just stand up there asking questions looking for the "right" answer and good teachers suggest an idea, have students discuss, and never so much as suggest a "right answer" even exists. Maybe a "best answer as of current knowledge" but never ONE "right answer".
0	Anything that has to do with my private life online is done under a fictitious name.  My youtube subscription, my personal facebook account, my twitter account are all fake names.  I have accounts under my real name that I post to that are open to public view.  These public accounts are locked down so that my friends can't tag me in pictures without approval or put links on my wall that I haven't approved.  Those profiles aren't full of wholesome sayings to make me look like a saint, but I post about the kids and my school and am as G rated as possible.   I doubt my 5 year olds would be able to track me down online, but I have about 75% of the past parents wind up sending me friend requests once their child leaves my classroom.  Having a bit of public presence makes me think that it keeps people I know professionally from wondering why I am hiding and what I have to hide.  And really all I hide is my sailor mouth, my love for weird profile pictures, and my link wars with my friends...but that's all nsfw and definitely would make parents think twice about who was in charge of their kids for the past year.
0	I was once 17 or something and was at a new years eve party in a cabin in the woods. It was cold as shit and the host had a fire on in the fireplace that was in the back of the house. Late in the night, when everyone was wasted, i drunkenly decided that he had too much furniture and disassembled a chair to make the fire bigger. It worked and i found it hilarious so i threw in an extra drawer or something. The problem was when the fire was burning  outside  the fire place and on the back room itself. The room ended up catching fire and it burned down that part of the house. It needed to be demolished and rebuilt. But i helped rebuild it and gave part of my own furniture to replace the destroyed stuff.
0	As a delivery driver being paid minimum tip wage (lower than regular minimum wage here), I expect tip for the service I offer: I hustle out of the restaurant and to the customer's locations soon as my orders are ready, I show up with a smile on my face and sharply dressed as demanded by the restaurant (uniform, only partly supplied), I make sure with the customer the order is right then hand back change making sure math is right before thanking customer for their business whether they tip low, high or not.   Doesn't seem like a lot but not so many drivers do all of this, some can't even look customers in the eyes while they're at the door for crying out loud (witnessed more than once as a guest at parent's or friend's place) so I think for the type of wage I earn I deserve more than these guys who don't do what I've come to think is normal expected service from the customers.   So I do think OP is right in a sense that tips should be earned, not fixed, predetermined, or given freely.   Do more for the customer, get more (than zilch, doesn't have to be outstanding for regular service). Do poorly and get less or nothing at all (I've messed up orders at times, forgot an item, cola you can get at any convenience store, not so easy for sides or desserts) and got stiffed for em despite making the extra trip to fix it of course and I thought:"fair enough, poor service from their point of view and they're letting me know."   Do above average and I very much enjoy getting a better than average tip although I've come not to expect it as automatic. Examples of these:     Very slippery roads/snowstorm and delivery times on par with bright sunny day.   Four trips or more to get an order for a large group in the car and from the car to the customer's preferred location in the building (many driver barely get past the door and don't even offer to carry the order inside while it's still in the easy to carry delivery box/bag)   Customer leaves me ringing the door bell multiple times out in the rain before answering.   If I deliver to any other spot than the front desk of a campground. Most campgrounds have this very low speed limit which I try to respect (dust and pedestrian being the concern) but I've been yelled at to slow down while idling in first gear last summer (!) and I'm sorry but it takes me more time to get from the front gate to your site than it takes me to get from the restaurant to the front gate and that's time I don't have at rush hour.   Driving way out of our regular delivery territory.   Having to run around a factory to find the customer who gave the name of the company (not his own) when he ordered but hasn't told front desk about an incoming delivery.   Prevented the cat or dog from bolting and I do mean bolt, not just coming to the door to see who's there.     I do expect more for those situations but in some of these I very seldom get it.   From what I've read from my compatriots from the States I get more in wages than they do. This being said a normal tip for a regular order is two to three dollars, less for a smaller one, more for bigger orders or tougher delivery conditions (see above). I earn a decent enough living this way but I do have to be available for every weekend diners, every week on top of other hours with my own weekend usually being Tuesdays and Wednesdays.   It's a nice job with its perks and disadvantages, so long as you like driving a lot and customer service, which I do.
0	I sort agree with you. But it is not the money that should change per say in my opinion.   We need to view and treat teachers as professionals. We basically - the public, the school system, the teacher unions - treat teachers as factor assembly line workers. (Nothing against factory workers by the way.) Think about it. A line worker has to the exact same thing again and again for their job. There may be skilled involved, but it is still the exact same processed followed again and again. Whereas a teacher needs to be adaptive and know a wide range of stuff.   For a professional setting, you do have trim bad teachers. This needs to be part of it. For the same reasons you do at other organizations, your talent will likely leave because of the toxic nature of the poor co-workers.   **
0	Too bad those girls start off with mixed messages then.  You both liked each other. So if you're not actually interested, remove him and/or tell him as much.
0	Just use a different term, like /u/Big_Amish said, equalist sounds good. The same goes for the term homophobe. The term 'homo' comes from 'homophile', meaning attracted to 'the same', as in gender. Since 'phile' and 'phobe' are opposites, a homophobe would be someone who is 'afraid' of the same gender. What people use as homophobe (someone who hates gays) should be homophilephobe. By the first definition you can be fine with gay people, just dislike being touched or having contact with the same gender, regardless of that same gender is homo/heterosexual. Still you don't go around screaming you're a homophobe, because before you know it, everybody hates you.
0	I had a similar issue a couple of years ago. I was at a party and a drunk acquaintance came up to say hello, holding his SLR with a new lens. He taps me on the shoulder (hello gesture) and I do the same. He drops his camera and breaks his lens. I ended up pitching in a 100 bucks to help him out (only because he was an alright guy) but told him to fuck off when he asked me to buy a new one for 400 bucks... Hope it turns out alright for you.
1	If you think going to Silver rankings will increase the amount of good people you're slightly fooling yourself. People at that ranking are just as bad, many games are filled with trolls, there's a godlike Akali in every 5th game that seems to never be in your team while people still want to 1v1 her.   If someone else takes support role from me, the team will end up with a Taric bot lane building sunfire cape while in mid and late game we're all lucky, if he decides to put 2 wards from his sight stone on the map, never buying wards, we have 0 vision (I had a friend spectate my game while I was junging and was incredibly disappointed to later on find out that we were outplayed just because enemies had more than 2 words on map, like our team, which I placed, while support was too busy initiating fights into fog).   It's the little things that make silver rating an amazing experience. While maining support vision can win games late game, but sadly we rarely get to that point and our base towers are destroyed 15min into the game.
1	I can do nothing but agree with Reginald in the entire issue.  The thing Kara said originally "it would be wise to stay on our good side" (or something to that effect.)  Was an utterly stupid threat.  The NESL needs top tier teams like TSM to keep viewership.  If clg and tsm weren't in it, I certainly wouldn't watch it.  Regi's response was perfect solely because it is true.  LoL doesn't have a major governing body that has control over all tourneys.  Team's such as TSM can very well play in other tourneys or just stream and make their money that way.  Then to have Kara talk about that over stream just killed NESL's credibility further.  Now, that may have opened me up to criticism, only because it is an assumption of mine that Kara is affiliated with NESL on a higher level than just casting, which very well could be wrong, although it doesn't seem that way.
0	Sorry! Text = bad with inflection. I figured the Lebowski quote would mitigate that. I don't really think you're an asshole, just thing you're taking partially correct data and drawing an incorrect conclusion.   Yes, I'm almost certain we're having a little culture misunderstanding together - I'm discussing American subcultures, specifically the black urban culture. I'm not sure how it would relate to your country, or if it even would (America has kind of a weird, unique history in race relations).   Nobody's saying you can't tell your kids not to be fat - they're your kids! I think where you're getting downvotes from is twofold:   One, you're supporting a position that your erstwhile reddit allies are making look bad. You might have legit reasoning here, but the majority of the posters stop their line of thought at "NO FAT CHICKS!"   Two: fat people (for the most part) aren't in the dark about their behavior. They know it's unhealthy. Some are lazy, yes, but some aren't. I'm not sure how being fat endangers others, as you say, but when people start talking about concern for strangers health, it can come off as disingenuous. Many times, it appears that the person voicing this concern is being secretly selfish, so that they don't have to look at fat people.
0	What do you suppose is better, learning from experience (being that deep inside a fantasy and breaking yourself from it), or just being told that you should never go that deep because its a dangerous habit? This is where I think a laissez faire type of parenting could work, to let the person find out their own, to see how deeply they can feel it instead of just having a big red X telling you "NO". That sort of denial doesn't ever seem to work, just exacerbates the desire. See: horny catholic school girls
1	I cannot praise Riot enough for how far they have come in establishing League of Legends in the Esports scene, they deserve more credit. Maybe it was before your time or during, but I believe HotshotGG does deserve credit to an extent but that is just how I feel as a player of League of Legends since the beginning. During the beta up until the season 1 finish, the league of legends scene with e-sports wasn't even clost to half of what it is when compared to what you see today. HotshotGG probably was an influential figure to many players in the early days because he established himself as one of the top players in the NA scene. There wasn't a real defined Meta during the early stages for the community, anything top, anything bot, and Ashe mid lol. Players were new, the game was new, and there was a lot to be learned about the game itself before the scene really took off. It started with the ranked ladder, everyone wanted to reach the top and be the best, and players were able to see who was ahead of them or catching up to them on the ranked ladder system. HotshotGG was one of the top players dominating the unclear Meta with HotshotnidaleeGG and the split push concept. Hotshot also was one of the first players to establish streaming his league of legends soloque play consistently. Although other players would stream, people wanted to watch the best(at that time) and it happened to be HotshotGG on Own3d.tv (RIP). Watching HotshotGG gave players a source to learn from, and influence many on mechanics, builds and general gameplay in the early stages that finally developed into thousands of viewers. HotshotGG was also active in this SMALL subreddit at the time, and introduced Reddit to many while watching his stream.  Also, HotshotGG founded one of the first competitive teams in the scene know as Counter Logic Gaming that goes wayyyyyyyyyy back. There were other teams at the time, but nothing or no one too great, even CLG wasn't very great at the time. Reginald actually joined CLG at one point and CLG saw lots of success, and Regi decided to leave CLG to form Team Solo Mid, and after awhile both CLG and TSM became rivals, and the top two teams in the scene and started to hold more tournaments. CLG on the business aspect (HotshotGG) acquired own3d.tv as one of their primary sponsors and opened up players and fans to even more streaming, while other player/fan favorites would also stream and gain viewers as well. This also was all an investment for Hotshot, he put a lot of his own money into the team, and turned it into a business. Just looking back, HotshotGG was just a player like you and I, but he took the opportunity to establish himself as a leader in the community. The esports scene erupted as season 1 came to a close, and eventually came to be what you see today. Thanks to Riot's faith in their company, employees and the community, League has established itself as the leader in Esports and have developed this great game. Riot has brought before you the game you enjoy, and they deserve all credit for everything about that. HotshotGG through the beginning praised to be the best, only to come to the most criticized and commonly thought to be the problem of CLG is now done. It's an end to the beginning for many of the veteran players. Some are sad, some are happy, some are trash (tribute to LiftLift) but I am hopeful, hopeful for the future of CLG and the Esports scene surpassing even more then where it is today and that someday it will be THE SPORT, maybe passing football in EU and football in NA, maybe even reaching an Olympic level, or World Cup,  I can only dream. Here's to HotshotGG, here's to Riot, here's to you, and the people, the people who are the real source of the success of the game, the community who is the driving force of the Esports scene, the future of it all depends on us, the players, the fans and the community I am glad to be apart of this history in the making. Cheers and karma to all.   Edit 1:
1	honestly i was at the pax west tournament and got to see jiji and those other guys play the germans for the championship. honestly i felt that individually they were only really average players. where they were strong was as a team, (ie sticking together, minimizing poor mismatches for themselves while putting the germans in a bad spot).  but even then there was nothing about any of those players that struck me as them being the best lol players what so ever, but maybe thats because i used to play alot of dota.
1	Or a ping that tells someone to ward somewhere. Its been over a year since trinkets entered the game and as a support main it pisses me off so much when the adc never wards. Specially when someone ganks and the adc dies and blames me for not warding. Im plat 3 and the adc blaming me for not warding happens on rare occasion but the adc not using his trinked at all happens so often it makes me furios.
0	It's not Mundungus Fletcher, it's Argus Filtch. He's a squib, nobody cares about squibs, or Filtch fit that matter, except for that cat. Mrs Norris loves Filtch, maybe she was assigned to him before his discovery as a squib in his early Hogwarts years.   As he grew he was bullied and teased and destroyed by the wizarding world and unable to being in the muggle societies because of his exposure to the wizarding world and (presumably) his wizard family.   His failures heaped upon themselves relentlessly causing his family to hate him and cast him out and he wandered diagon ally begging, doing odd jobs, anything he could do too survive turning him into the cold crabby guy we see in the books and movies.   Where am I going with this you ask? When he was thrown out of his home Mrs Norris followed him, his constant furry companion. The Animagus assigned to the young Argus took a shine to him, loved him as a friend and stayed with him as he wandered.   Mrs Norris watched him struggle and eventually reached out to the current headmaster of the time and the man offered him his job as the janitor and caretaker where the brat childrens parents made snide comments about the barely recognized Filtch from their young days and the children picked up on that and made his life a living hell.
0	That's what my experience was like but then I found the joy of subreddits. There's so many of them that you can easily find one that lets you participate without feeling like the guy trying to jump into the middle of a conversation. Plus smaller communities generally are free from the social pressures of the rest of the hivemind so you can just talk about stuff without feeling the need to shove memes down people's throats just to get noticed.
0	One hot summer morning, I had an epic drunk dump that was so unbelievably loud and long, that about half a minute into this barrage of machine-gun shitting, I just start giggling like a school girl at my own foul acquittal. This dialogue between my gleeful guffaws and the sploshing hail of poop went on for what seemed like an eternity, sometimes the spasms of my abdomen contorting both chortling orifices into similar sounding outbursts. After the deed was done, I washed up and went to bother my brother only to find him and a girl sitting in his bed with ashen faces pretending to watch a movie. He apparently tried to initiate some morning sex but was unfortunate to have had his window open (remember, hot Summer morning). My bowel movement concerto and subsequent self-indulgent laughing could be quite clearly heard from the bathroom window next door. My brother had turned on the television to mask the noise only to have an aftershock of putrid aroma slink into his room like a SEAL team. He buttoned down the hatches but apparently my stank settled to the ground like a thick fog.
1	I think when you think about the meaning of the word you differentiate between what we all may mean when we're talking to each other or at the bar, and what it means from a strictly legal standpoint.   If you told me Doyle Brunson was your favorite athlete I'd think you misunderstood me, but poker players were approved for athlete visas in 2010.  Chess players get them too.   Legal definitions can be tricky.  Infant means under 18.  No normal person would ever think of that 15 year old as an infant, but in law she is.  Gamers could never visas before because of the high bar that the state department set.   >You must be coming to the United States to participate in team events and must have achieved significant international recognition in the sport. The event in which your team is participating must be distinguished and require the participation of athletic teams of international recognition.   The tournament has to require international participation, it has to be distinguished, and the TEAM has to be distinguished.  Riot has done a good job ensuring that all this criteria are met.
0	I read that, went "YES IT HAS!" in my head, then realized you were being sarcastic. However, I'm still not positive if you were ACTUALLY trying to be sarcastic.
1	Maybe something to try for a lane skarner? Honestly though, that much money would be better spent on defensive items to allow you to stay in the fight. If you build skarner like a glass cannon, you're going to have a bad time.   Also, between skarner's W ms buff and flash, I've never had too much trouble getting that ult off on who I want to.
1	You can climb the ladder no matter what lane you play. The hard part is getting the lane you want to play in Solo Queue. For me this was easy, since Jungler is the least picked role, even less than support. :) As for your argument about top lane, my brother who also plays LoL is a top laner (plays pretty much only that) and he climbed to Challenger on EUNE playing only Riven.   And as a Diamond player who was Gold 1 with over 100 games in Gold league 3 weeks ago, I guarantee you that anyone can get to Diamond with the right mindset.   You don't need to be talented. If you focus on improving, you WILL improve. The trick is to know what mistakes you made, and why. Recognize them and you will keep getting better and better. Don't think "BUT IF my team did that then my play would- NO. Forget about the variable of your team. YOU are the only variable. Think about what YOU should've done to change what happened, not what your team COULD have done.   I climbed from Gold 1 to Diamond V in 8 days after I changed my solo queue mentality (and after I started playing some Evelyn instead of hecarim only :P). Getting from Diamond V to Diamond III took longer, like 1-2 months. As long as you can recognize your mistakes and ignore your team's mistakes, and never expect anything from them, you will always get better and better.
1	Being able to block Cait's ult is too unique of a mechanic to remove. Imo it should do bonus damage to anyone not targeted, potentially true damage even? Her ult is great in lane phase when both the enemy ad and support are relatively squishy; it just seems like late game there are too many champions that are tanky enough to take negligible damage from Cait's ult.
1	That's possible. I've been gaming since the mid 90s on PC and since the 80s on consoles. I've also been a heavy PC user for well over 20 years.   A few years ago I started to develop a pain in my left wrist area (around the tendons), as well as stiff and sore joints in my hands, especially my index and middle finger. Between long office hours (programmer) and all the extra time gaming, I figured that it was between CTS and the early stages of rheumatoid arthritis which runs in my family.   Anyhow, around this time I had just gotten into weight training. I noticed within the first month that my hands didn't ache nearly as much, and that the joint stiffness was almost gone too. I decided to apply the training directly to my hands.   I bought my first set of Captains of Crush hand grips (.5) and used them every other day (the knurling is rather rough on the hands at first) but I can close the .5 (120lbs) like nothing else. After using these for a while, the pain is completely gone and my grip strength is far better. I was already deadlifting a lot more than that but it applies differently when you're directly closing just 1 hand on it. I also started using the hand bands they sell and I've been pain and stiffness free for a long time.
0	In my high school senior classes, once a month students have to bring in something that is important to them, that give a good idea of what kind of person they are and what they've gone through. This month, a student brought in Final Fantasy 7. Needless to say, I was pretty stoked about the choice, and talked to him for a few minutes about how formative that game was to my gaming life as well. Though the student is usually quiet, keeping to himself most of the time, he opened up in a way that I hadn't seen him do previously. It was fantastic to see and hear.   Fast forward twenty minutes into the period, class is taking a vocab quiz, where students have to write their own sentences using the terms correctly. And newly aware of my FF7 knowledge, this kid writes ten pristine sentences involving the game. Sentences about how Cid can make the occasional  glib  comment, how Sephiroth is a villainous  juggernaut , how Omnislash is the most  kinetic  of Cloud's limit breaks.  And not only did he receive a 100 on the quiz, he got my damn respect as well.
0	totally did this too, but my Mom and I were driving back from a restaurant late at night. we noticed a tire (whole wheel we later found) and a bunch of broken glass in the road. We were both like "that's weird" but kept driving. I looked back, and saw off the road two tail lights sticking up from a ditch. I immediately told her to pull over, and before the car was stopped I was halfway to the accident. I saw a few others walking to the car, so it must have JUST happened. There was really loud crappy music still playing in the car.   Right before I got to the side of the car, everything froze for a second, and I realized I may very well be seeing death imminently.   Back to reality- I saw a young-er boy (I thought at the time) in the backseat flailing around. Every window was shattered, and the car was stopped by a telephone pole that had been shattered in half and was sort of hanging on the car. I asked him (actually a her) if he/she could open the door, and she just kept repeating "I can't". The door was locked, so I just reached inside to open it. I pulled her out, she was covered in cuts and bruises and blood, but had no problem walking with me to the other side of the road where everyone else was. Paramedics arrived immediately after this, and told me to stop traffic and turn everyone around coming this way. Soon, a cop showed up, and gave me his flashlight and orange traffic direction thingy and told me the same thing. So i spent the next 30 minutes telling everyone to turn around (including a few cops who just flicked their lights on).   Turns out the girl was drunk, and she went clean through two telephone poles, shattering (like completely shattering) the first and pulling the second from the ground. The impact ripped both front wheel assemblies (ie the ENTIRE wheels) from the axel and shot one about 300 feet down the road, and the other was later found about 500 feet into the woods. I am very very good with cars, but it took some examination to see that this was a early 2000's ford focus. I have never seen a car (IRL) this badly smashed up to the point where I couldnt identify it.   The fire department quickly pointed out I was the lucky one- as the power lines were dangling right on top of the car- had they still been live, that would have killed me.   She was wearing her seatbelt- the only reason she is alive and not in pieces all over the woods.   I dont know what made me do it, but I literally only had one thing on my mind, I like to think of it as my "core human instinct" to protect fellow humans kicked in. I remember crying very hard the rest of the way home- I was already in a rough spot (high school teen depression shit) and that just totally shocked my system.
0	The reason is due to the anti science mindsets that many have taken on.   Example 01: If science says its not possible to build a giant wooden boat that can hold every creature on the planet then science is not always right!   Example 02: If science thinks that humans are monkeys then why are their still monkeys? Scientists are just making stuff up!   Example 03: If the world is billions of years old then how come my dad says its only six thousand years old? Science is always arguing against stuff that nobody can prove!   which eventually leads into more harmful conclusions based on the same sentiments.   Example 04: Global warming is just some myth, scientists are always making stuff up! If god gave us the power to change the earth then why would he let me drive this monster SUV?   And finally this mentality bleeds into all forms of trust on modern science.   Example 05: Here we go again with this science stuff! Vaccinating my child is just the government and scientists trying to tell me what to do with my children! As an oppressed god fearing christian I must take arms as messing with my children will always the last straw!
1	Been playing bard top, I love to drag supports top and never play meta but obviously I never troll and flame and talk to my team but bard can either make a good/mediocre play or break a team fight and throw very easily so I understand where they are coming from its hilarious especially when my friends and I are intoxicated, but I can see what they are saying, he really isn't as useful as the norm top or support ATM unless you have huge synergy and time things perfect. There was one instance where we all got Sona used cresendo  got 4 of us and I ultied 4 of the enemy team so only Sona was up to apply damage and we ended up coming out right before the golden mode ended and turned the fight it was the only nice move I've done on bard sadly... :/ ON THE OTHER HAND TROLLING FRIENDS IS THE BEST, and I love that worm hole! lol
0	It also doesn't help that police seemingly have it constantly hammered into them that everyone is a possible threat and that behind every innocent looking grandma may be a face-eating bath salt smoker.  Seriously, it's hard to quantify but a lot of a normal officers are influenced by a barrage of media and documents that teaches them paranoia and fear of the public. I know I sound like I'm talking out my ass but if you could look at the content of what the average officer is inundated with, it  really seems to indicate an almost consciously cultivated paranoia and an US (Cops) VS. THEM (The Public) mentality. Ever read any internally circulated Law enforcement leaflets/guides? Scary shit indeed.
1	While on paper what you say sounds okay, but Shyvana is such a niche champion that will get countered hard if she goes top lane. Champions like Jayce will shut her down by out trading/kiting her. Shyv's strong point is her high damage, AOE quick clears with burnout and the movement speed. You are able to bully most top laners in the early level but by the time they turn lvl 6, shyvana will began to fall off b.c. even though shyv has the ability to bully, she lacks the method to zone them or set up ganks.   also the part i want to really pick on is how u compared landing Shyvana's E with Lee Sin's Q. While the same can be said about any  skills that act as a linear missile, Lee Sin's Q i think has a bigger hit box due to the size of the orb and the animation adding 50units from its center (someone correct me if i'm wrong), making it much easier to hit. Even if u miss the enemy, u can use it as a gap closer if it hit a nearby enemy. And let's not forget the difference in damage out put.
0	Check ELI5 for an answer. Basically, Obama lied about his goals of government transparency and freedom over security and doubled down on Bush's surveillance policies and a whistleblower, Eric Snowden, exposed it. The NSA collects basically all your data from companies like Google and Facebook without  real  warrants. People are mad. The US government and President Obama are embarrassed and want to lock this guy up and probably execute him for their embarrassment. People are not happy about this either.
1	How to win games:   Pick HUEHUEHUEHUE.   Go mid.   Win or lose lane, you are still the CS machine.   Along comes a team fight. HUEHUEHUE instagib their highest physical damage output. Ghost rapes team for you.   Proceed to snowball. Dat % scaling ulti that also scales with enemy AD.
1	Nintendude, I've never watched you stream and I've only seen you play a few games. I can say that it's immediately obvious that you're an incredibly skilled individual with his heart in the right place.   You've come so far in League and so many people dedicate hours of their lives to watch and cheer you on. Even when you walk away from the game, you can take all of that with you. Meanwhile, the trolls are just horrible human beings 24/7 - they don't stop being trolls when they leave the computer. Try to think about that sometime!
1	They should make it so if more than 2 people is in range of the turret the solo laner can get the option to jump into the turret with all his abilities/basic attack being ranged with 100% cdr and 750 attack range, while being unable to being attacked unless the tower dies. I don't think this would affect the game play that much, and it would for certain make the game alot more enjoyable to watch.
0	But it's my little brother and he's only 7 and there's no way he would understand if I stopped, especially since it's the only time I see him. (We haven't really used a babysitter for at least 12 years. That one was the older sister of a friend of mine and we all knew her very well and she stole the checkbook, and a bunch of my mom's jewelry. We actually tried again a few months ago, when I was unavailable and both my parents worked.  She proceeded to pass my brother off to her younger sister, who brought a friend. Later the one who was actually supposed to watch him finally came, but brought her other sister while the first one left. They proceeded to play on their laptops and let him draw pictures and tape them all over the walls. They ate a ton of food, but didn't feed him at all, and the house was a mess when my parents got home. (This was just for six hours, not the 12 I usually watch him for.))
1	Of the possible changes I have seen, this is probably my least favorite. It gives every ad champ Cait's passive. It would make laners kill each other way too quickly as soon as they get one crit item. Bot lane would just revolve around getting the crit up and then harassing on the crit. Being able to guarantee double damage at will would shorten the amount of time laners get to farm. It would also make Cait even more absurdly strong in early lane (Cait is my main ADC and I think this would make her way too strong) because even with the 1 crit rune people take she can deal half of a targets hp every few minutes.
0	Upvote.  I've been saying this for years, especially to people who comment that the world's becoming a more dangerous place.  No it isn't.  In fact, in first world nations, social ills like crime are on the decline.   Difference is, now instead of never even knowing about most of the horrible weather events or killings in the first place, we have every horrific event reported worldwide piped directly to our front page.   Problem is, the perception of a more dangerous world, or that 'people are getting worse' shapes our worldview and our decision making processes.   This is a subtle bias we should all be aware of.   Also gives one pause for thought when it comes to 'choosing' where one puts one's focus.
1	I love how LoL actually is full of unspoken rules. Games can go in a very strange direction if you don't adhere to the unspoken rules, like grouping up 2 minutes into the start of the match and taking out towers as a team ARAM style. Team Curse and Dignitas were even punished and disqualified for doing such things during a tournament game, when really no rules were actually broken.
1	My problem isn't the wrongful chat ban stuff...I've been chat restricted a few times and did I deserve it?  Probably. However, the only time I'm verbally toxic is when I am being trolled by someone who is ACTUALLY ruining the game. Now these people will probably never get banned, but I sure will. Usually goes something like this:the whole team is doing well and everyone is having a good time then top lane keeps pushing too far and getting caught, I ping him but he doesn't listen so I say hey hecarim why don't you group with us we win in team fights. He says fuck off no help top lane gg I'm feeding now. I say dude wtf don't be a douche. After he continues to feed and troll I message all chat and say plz ban hec he's trolling they obviously respond with no he's just having a bad game. End of the game and I report hec but get 3+ verbal abuses from hec and the other team...
0	I was already rolling my eyes expecting it to be "he is a loser lol". Glad to see I was wrong. If someone was a dick to you in school,  who fucking cares. Dont get hung up on high school. But the fact a douche bag turned I to a solid human being is cool and definitely a success.
0	Faith is a personal thing, not always something that you believe can send or stop a  natural disaster. Everyone believes in something slightly different, and this method of getting angry and lumping all people who believe in god together is kind of silly. A bit like discriminating against a whole country full of individuals because of those that you hear about. Not always a popular view but it's just what I think so meh.
1	This is what I was thinking, a lot of people saying she's a top laner, but at the time she gets dumped on if you gank her, and she gets outscaled in almost all aspects of the game, pretty hard to stick on people to. Not only that it seems like she's innately squishy.
1	Maybe I put it wrong; I meant to say that most of them have counterplay of some sort in addition to high damage:     Fiora, Akali, XZ, Rengar and Warwick have to get up close and personal,     Soraka punishes casters but not autoattackers (and vice versa for Teemo),     Lissandra and Warwick have it as their ultimates,     Annie has to build up her stun,     Taric's stun doesn't do half your health in damage unless you build AP,     ADCs, Ryze, Zilean and Vlad have no inherent CC attached to their point-and-click nukes unless they get Rylais, etc.       Whereas Kayle (High Damage+Strong Slow), Nunu (High Damage+Strong AS and MS Slow) and Sion (High Damage+Stun) lack that sort of counterplay.
0	Its already happening in developed nations. In a business class of mine we studied the slow decline of birth rates through out the major developed nations. Unfortunately this is happening in the reverse in non-developed countries like those in africa. While we are providing aid medically and otherwise which is great! They are still having the 5 kids that they used to have even though 3 of them are no longer dying from bad/no water, starvation, disease, and whatever else. The people in those countries are also starting to live longer, from the mid 30's now into the 40's+.   In the US we are going to have a huge population drop in the next 30 years or so. in the next 10 - 20 years the medical industry will boom and then after that we will have a lot of out of work doctors with no one to treat.   The baby boomers out number the population by a huge sum, and the youger generation is not having kids (or just not as many remember to maintain your population each couple must have at least 2 children any less and the decline will happen) THis will cause a lot of problems especially with our current system of government.     Population dictates how many and where representatives of the house are placed.     Taxes are paid by people the less people we have the less money our government has to operate on. They can compensate for this by increasing taxes (we see how well thats going over atm) or they can spend less money. (HAHAHAHA it can be done but we'll see) Some economists will argue that the decrease in spending will happen naturally because of the smaller population there for less people to provide for, but i highly doubt that.     Like I said we are gonna have a lot of unemployed doctors there just wont be a need for them anymore will such a large portion of the nation no longer in the "aging" bracket.     There is also the obvious pain and stress that this will put on consumerism. Less people to buy shit mean less companies and what not, but hey we also should have a booming job market.       Less people is great for the planet! But there will definitly be some growing pains through out the world and in some countries with out immigration they may cease to exist (This will not likely be in our life time, but I would speculate with in a few generations).
0	I know it probably sounds silly but it just seems like one of those things that annoys me.   Vegan/vegetarian is a choice, but almost on another level. I don't like a lot of foods and I make the choice not to eat them but if there's a little bit of it in my food (or it came in contact with that thing) I'm not going to shy away like it's poison. I see a lot of vegetarians who behave that way and it just makes it inconvenient.
1	You only need a Doran's shield for laning HP regen. To avoid harassment, level your W instead of your E. At rank 3 of W, you can essentially get free last hits from a distance and never run the risk of getting ganked. Keep a ward in the river if you are concerned. If the enemy is all accounted for, you can literally 1v1 champions inside their creeps with your W activated and take 0 dmg.   I always rush Rylai's as the first item. If we have a real tank (read: shen, malphite, amumu, galio, etc), then I will continue into a Deathfire Grasp and Abysssal Scepter. After that, finish off with 2 defensive items (force of nature and a GA or SFC). If the team is stupid enough to think you are the tank, then go Rylais -> 2 defensive items -> deathfire -> scepter. Boots are obviously Magic Pen or Merc Treads.   If you build full tank, or the team considers you the only tank, then you and your team both do not understand Mordekaiser's potential. Mordekaiser isn't defined as a tank, he is best used as an Anti-Carry. With a combo of DFG + Ult + E + Ignite, any ranged (or melee) carry will be obliterated and you can proceed to quadra-kill the rest of their team. Tank Morde simply doesn't have this burst. With a typical 3 AP item build, you will be doing ~90%+ HP-percentage based damage to a carry.   I tend to let the real tank initiate, and lurk with our carries. If the team tries to rush your carry (especially if they have a twitch), you can literally just kill someone dead in their tracks. If the battle is on the front line, once things get heated just ghost through and unload on their ranged carry.
0	As someone who grew up as the smallest kid in my grade, was bullied everyday, and learned the hard way the way the school systems work, I can safely say that you are the one who is ignorant.   In grade 3, a kid picked a fight with me, and it was my first ever fight. I was small, unathletic, and unpopular, so everyone just sat around and watched as I got the shit kicked out of me. I didn't even put up a fight. Why? Because the pathetic excuses that passed as teachers had always taught us that we shouldn't fight, that fighting was wrong and to try to avoid them. In the end, he stopped only after the recess bell rang and everyone went back inside. I was left face down crying in the snow, blood pooling from my face. Luckily one of my friends noticed I wasn't in the classroom and notified the teacher. When they came and got me they came outside and took me straight to the principle's office, where the bully was sitting with a feigned look of pain, holding his eye. He went and said I punched him in the face. The principle believed him without even asking other students, and so I got in equal amounts of trouble that he did. I had to spend the next month in the detention room with him gloating at me. In grade 3 I realized that teachers were fucking worthless. After that I joined martial arts, learned how to defend myself, and every fight someone picked with me after that day I won. After all, if a teacher couldn't protect me, and I was going to get punished anyway, why not kick some ass?   That being said, I'm also now a pacifist in everyday life. I only hold violence as a last resort to defend myself if I have to. When I would get psychologically bullied in high school, I used competitive wrestling and gaming tournaments as my release. I would never be the bully and put someone in the position that I was in.   Oh, and the kicker? That principle who didn't listen to a word the kid covered in blood was saying? He got a promotion two years later to being in the board of directors.
0	We don't have proper services for icy conditions down here since it doesn't happen often. It snows, then melts a little, then freezes solid, and then MAYBE after a day or 2 the main roads will get a little sand or salt tossed on them.
1	The Issue is that everytime i try to Create a New League of Legends account on the Oceania Server this comes up. The account is for my friend and everytime i try to create one or he tries to create one this just comes up. I've been trying for about a week or 2 but the issue still persists.
1	Same issue.  I literally operate under the philosophy of "report me, see what happens"   Nearly nothing happens with reports.  Especially toxic ones.  You get an automated warning and just click ok.  repeated afk offenses seem to be the only thing that escalates to review.  Toxic players run rampant, the community thinks reporting is a complete joke(it is).  It takes too long to writeup a report for most people.  Half the reportable things aren't even provable.  You cant prove intentional feeding without disregarding that they could just suck badly.  You report language and nothing happens, they just say to use the filter.  You report for verbal abuse and they get an automatic warning.  You report for unskilled literally nothing happens(confirmed by riot).  Report for afk is about the only thing that works, and even then, people need a high volume of reports to go to the tribunal.
0	Unless the right lane is an exit only lane so not many cars are getting off there and the cars that are getting off are going faster. Then you are in the right lane. If you are a truck that is going half the speed of the current average between the cars, you need to lighten your load.   It turns out the rate of speed of the lanes is highly correlated. One truck goes slow, the entire freeway suffers. No matter what lane that truck is in. It suffers directly proportional to the amount of cars. (If there is only one car with the truck, the freeway wouldn't suffer).   Actually, if we define horizontal flexibility to be the probability of making a lane change at a given time. It makes sense horizontal flexibility is directly proportional to the rate of speed. However, if all slow cars stayed in the right lane, eventually people in the right lane are going to have to move if they are not going slow. The horizontal flexibility reduces to the probability of making that one lane change to the left.   However, if a slow truck is in the middle lane, the horizontal flexibility is actually greater because it's the probability of making a left + probability of making a right lane change. From the above, we see that it's probably smarter for large trucks to be in the middle lane!   Extending on for no apparent reason. When people platoon up, relative to the congested area. Horizontal Flexibility is extremely low. However, when people are congested up, the rate of speed is usually very low which also shows the correlation between horizontal flexibility and rate of speed.
1	There is no best. Everyone has a counter, for Yi and Jax it's Quinn and Teemo (that blind makes them useless), for Nasus it's any early game champ who can zone him. And Vi melts Garen because of her passive armor pen. All that matters is being able to outplay someone. If you can outplay them then you win.
0	Excuse me sir, but you are wrong.* I googled RES, and all the results were: a Wikipedia article about Resistencia International Airport, then some latin dictionary entry, next I saw Renewable Energy Company followed by Royal Economic Society, et cetera.
0	I used to work in service industry so I know this happens more often than not. Most of the time, we give entitled, self-centered, sad excuse for a human like you the least amount of "service" as we can. We also sneak in a little tiny revenge here and there. It's small but it adds up. I know for a fact that you've, at least once, eaten food that has been thumbed by the server you've mistreated who didn't wash his/her hand after the handling that dirty wet, bleachy rag just because your mother wasn't there to teach you this thing called, "be nice to people".
1	Every problem you describe is not just solved by throwing money at it.     Client can't simply be revamped because it's a live service that hundreds of thousands (millions?) of people use on a regular basis. They have to work through it slowly, bit by bit, to ensure nothing breaks.   Many people do need the IP, and it's better than nothing. I don't understand why this is a bad thing.   Their support is way, way better than the average game-as-a-service company.   Again, you can't just throw money at something like this. They are facing unprecedented situations with their platform and need to tread carefully.   Honor and all the other initiatives are mostly experiments. As above, there's no precedent for what they are doing. They need to take baby steps to avoid slipping up.     Oh, and, they are by no means a small company if you compare them to similar studios.
1	The problem isn't really that rammus isn't in flavor right now, the problem is he is viable in very few team comps. As some one who have moved from jungle rammus to top, AP mid, and Support rammus (the last of which was significantly more viably than I ever dreamed it would be, but by no means actually viable) Rammus' ganks just don't have the power they used to since his taunt was nerfed, and he just doesn't have the ability to successfully jungle any more.
0	It's just the panic. I was in a situation at a pool during a save when someone wrapped themselves completely around my body with their legs around my waist and arms around my head. The only reason I didn't sink was because I already had a rescue tube under my arms and in between us. I tried to get them to calm down and loosen their grip. I don't think they could hear me. Luckily the pool I was in was not very big.
0	This will definitely get buried, but it's story time:   At the time, no, I was not afraid of any records , I just didn't want to end up in the hospital.   After I put him in the hospital? I was a bit freaked out.  I had no idea if what I had done was defensible.   He broke my nose off of a paper towel dispenser in the bathroom and I fucking lost it. Seeing red doesn't remotely describe the sensation, but since my face was essentially a blood faucet while I used every bit of strength and willpower in me to eradicate this little shit from the planet, I saw mostly red. Everywhere.   I broke his nose off the sink in retaliation, shattered two of his ribs, and apparently beat his kidneys into the human version of mashed potatoes. once he was down I kicked him in all his sensitive parts until he passed out, then continued until I passed out. I can only imagine the look on my teacher's face when he found that mess...   Blood. Everywhere. I saw pictures afterwards and it looked like we reenacted that scene from Carrie.   So I woke up in the hospital with my face restructured and bandaged, with a couple of the administration asking me what happened. I told them he smashed my face off the towel dispenser and I lost it, he (a known bully who had been caught many times before) tried to say that I lashed out at him for no reason (as a kid who did nothing out of line, that didn't stick at all).   Of course they didn't buy his shit for any minutia of a moment and he got transferred to the problem child school. I felt bad for all of two seconds before I remembered the bandage on my face, then the hate returned.   Fun ending to that story, when I was a junior in high school I was still an avid church-goer, and he actually turned up with a group from another church who were visiting. When he realized who I was, he came and apologized and asked for my forgiveness...   Really awe-inspiring to be a part of that exchange four-or-so years later. We actually become decent friends that last year of churchiness and stayed so throughout college. After he graduated we kinda split, but he was doing really well the last I heard. Got himself a degree and a good job, a few tight friends and a really nice apartment.
1	Was floating between 1300-1400 for the longest time.   Decided to make a serious schedule, from Mon - Thursday, play League only between 20:00 PM - 01:00 AM.   20:00-21:00 Normal Draft, for practice.   21:00-01:00 All Ranked.   After about 8 play days I reached Gold.
0	Last I heard, I think she married the guy.   oh this reminds me of the part I left out of my own woeful tale.  She dumped me for this guy, and about three weeks later I checked her facebook (something I'm proud to say I've discontinued) and saw that they were engaged.  Crushing?  Not nearly as much as this next part:  facebook lets you set the date of the engagement.  It was set ten days before she dumped me.  Nice little added fuck you, I guess.   You have my sympathies, and I appreciate your having posted this.  Pain shared is pain lessened, I think they say?  Hope you're doing okay.  This whole thing might be the single most difficult thing I've ever had to get through;  I lost all my (our, or rather, her) friends, and am basically agoraphobic by default now due to fear of running into her.  We shared a lot of similar interests, unfortunately.  She got to keep those, too.
0	I wouldn't say they are the best, but they are perhaps the best in a reasonable price range. They are one of the nicest I've used, and are quite reasonable for their high quality sound. Most in-ears that are better cost substantially more, and that sort of money is better spent on Professional grade over-ears.
0	Because they protect people that don't deserve to be protected. You could be the shittiest worker and cost a company a ton of money because they can't fire you. Depending on the job you are generally forced to join the union, which includes union dues which is your money.   Workers may go on strike to force raises or better benefits. Sounds great if you're a worker, but could potentially destroy a company. You maybe being a bottom of the barrel employee think that's great, but the people who worked hard to build this company from the ground up to make it where you even have a job at all get fucked over. Not every "suit" is a piece of shit looking to screw you over.   Unions use your dues money to pay union bosses big bonuses and fund political agendas you may or may not agree with. They're doing that with your money.
0	my mother did this after she quit the new girl wasn't working out. she consulted out her services at something well over 100$ to train her, the company tried to re-neg but they never signed a contract with her and she was only charging them market rate for an outside consultant.
1	This is absolutely mocking EU players.   I mean, honestly, we don't give a fuck about compensation, we would just want the server to be stable and in case a problem happen, a loss prevented for our current game.   With this, I will now yell to have a compensation because I feel like they are really not giving a single fuck about the EU servers at all. I'm not the only player to have spent money on that game, a stable server is the least required to be thankful to your supporters but with this? How can you not be jealous? A free skin especially a rare skin like Silent Night Sona.
1	as a regular blitzstar player, use ranged characters. the power of a good blitzstar combo is that you can't anticipate when the pull will come (as in, they won't move obviously towards you to aim a pull), and will try to zone you from creeps. if you get pulled a few times and get frightened, the zone is even more powerful.   what makes life most difficult as blitzstar (for me, at least) is either ranged attacks (ashe or cait can get all the creeps without us being able to touch them, and are fast enough to duck behind creeps for cover from grab), or shielders - mordekaiser, sivir's spell shield, heimer shielding himself with turrets.
0	Basically it doesn't matter where you go to HS so as long as you get a diploma for an accreddited school.   My mom signed me up for an internet home school that she was too lazy to teach me and I was too lazy to learn, so I waited until like a month before college and just took all the multiple choice open book tests at once using Google as my textbook. Didn't learn shit.   I went to a community college first, had to take an extra two semesters of math, but my reading/writing was fine (thanks internet).   I focused on taking the easiest classes I could for my major (Business Administration/Management) making sure to take as many online or hybrid classes as the school had, and taking the easiest professors. This was a state school btw not some shitty online college. I would never go to an online college as unlike HS employers actually look at where you went.   I got an internship with a very well known company shortly after college, and they hired me a few months after that. I got laid off from my first position and then reassigned in the company to a different area where I unfortunately work a lot harder but the job is more secure (unless I fuck up).   There is a lot more to the story but this is what I have time to type before work.
1	It's League of Legends. Lets be honest. There is mad toxic people everywhere. Look at Dead Vegito or whatever in challenger haha. But with that fact given. The percentile I have noticed in Bronze and Silver is so much higher. Me, I don't have a problem with keeping myself composed when someone is raging. I might say some sarcastic shit back. But I give credit where it's do always. If you are someone like the OP, and have a hard time controlling yourself from being toxic. Or getting mad. (Not judging it's common) Than when you are in lower ranks. It's better of not giving anyone the chance to set you off. Sense the toxic level is much more common in these ranks. PLUS even if there isn't toxicity. It is very rare for Bronze and Silvers to talk and come together with some strategy over the chat. Unless 1 person takes the initiate and god blesses you and everyone listens. So there is almost no need for the chat anyway.
1	Had a game the other day, was doing my jungle thing. I grabbed an oracle to clear wards around baron, and we killed their jungler, saw the rest flee through my wards. Pinged for baron, clear of wards, start it up. They have a blitz. Our rengar top spams over and over "ward around baron...ward around baron....ward baron". Non-stop. I spent what money I had prior to this on Oracle, and my single ward was placed in their jungle. Support used up wards. Rengar gets grabbed and killed, and we have to back off, because for some reason he thought it more important to spam WARDS in chat rather than A.) not stand in the dumbest place ever, or B.) buy a single damn ward himself. I didn't see him buy one ward, constantly had to keep tabs on enemy jungler and warn ping when I though he would be ganked in lane.
0	I'm sure this has already been said a hundred times in this post, but since its so relevant to me, I have to say something.   When my parents presented this option to me at a very young age, I chose to starve every time. Chicken soup with vegetables? I'll pass. Any meat other than chicken? Maybe next dinner. My parents would even try and force feed me vegetables because they thought that if I managed to swallow it, I wouldn't find it that bad in the end. I never caved. It wasn't that I was spiting my parents because I didn't like them, I just could not bring myself to actually eat the foods that they tried to serve to me. Skipping meals became such an issue that I ended up looking like a "concetration camp survivor", as my parents put it, and the lack of nutrition stunted my growth severely. I still am a very picky eater despite having increased my palate immensely, and chances are I'm not going to change any time soon.
0	Are you fucking kidding me?   Girls are CONSTANTLY objectified. I'm not blaming men for this because men and women are guilty, but it is a fact.  Every little part of our bodies is taken apart and judged on a regular basis. Look at any imgur post of a girl where inevitably someone is like : "Nice ass but thighs are too big/boobs are too small/boobs are too big/hair is too short/too long/she'd be hot if she wasn't kind of chunky" etc etc etc. This is also relevant to women's labias where they get vaginoplasty to make their vulvas 'more appealing' according to whatever they think men want versus what they were born with.   My point is that the way you might feel self conscious about your penis is how most woman feel ALL THE TIME  about at least one aspect if not THEIR ENTIRE BODY. Women often equate the hotness of their body to their self worth because that's what society has taught. I'm not denying that good looking men are treated than non good looking men, but so much more emphasis is put on women's looks in general.   Yes, a lot of these things CAN be altered with plastic surgery or extensions or contouring makeup, and there's not much one can do to change a small penis. But plastic surgery is (IMO) extreme and often puts your life at risk! Just because we CAN do something to fix it doesn't mean that we should be made to feel that we have to.   I don't know what part of reddit you're reading where everyone loses their minds when someone calls a girl fat, but 99% of what I see is the complete opposite. IRL a fat woman who is smart and hardworking is not going to have the same social acceptance as a fat man who is also smart and hardworking.
1	1) miss E, still engage 2) dont shield self in 1v1 fight so no extra lifesteal+shield 3) dont use ignite --> q --> ult --> q 4) ...
1	I've mained kayle ever since the Liandry's build became popular on her and it amuses me how much people QQ about how OP she is now, when she's pretty much lost a ton of power compared to a year ago (and back then I didn't see half the QQ about Kayle that I do now) ...  Here's a short list of changes that affected her (positive and negative) that I can think off the top of my head:     During the Warmogs meta, the Liandry build run by Najin's mid-laner brought her to popularity. Despite being strong, she was rarely played after her re-work until Liandry became popular on her. Nerfing Liandry seemed to kill off her popularity, though I continued to play her.   Around the same time Nidalee/Kayle both lost their MR per lvl stats, and I think in that same patch the mini-dfg on her Q was also removed.    The cast range on her ult was drastically reduced.     Now after all these changes I still thought Kayle was insanely good, but she was never a highly contested pick/ban despite being the best counter to the popular assassin meta at the time. IMO she was THE best pick vs. zed/ahri/lb/syndra etc. and I rarely ever saw it used in SQ or competitive for that matter.     Gragas Nerf. This is where I feel that she got really strong as Gragas was the best counter to Kayle.     Lichbane/Q nerfs along with buffs to her ult costing 0 mana, and adding an AP ratio for her MS buff. The change to her ult gave Kayle a massive boost in power. She was mainly mana starved (~700 MP at lvl 6, ult cost 100MP) but I haven't had any mana issues on her after this change. I also think adding the AP ratio on the MS of her heal was unnecessary. Many people think the ult is too much of a 'get-out-of-jail-free-card' but insane MS trumps the ult imo.     Athene's nerf since Kayle never builds it.
0	I was at a Best Buy years ago and some dude approached me while I was waiting in line to check out with a similar story; that he needed $20 for gas money because his car had run out of gas on the freeway and he didn't have his wallet on him. I told him no, sorry. Then he asks me if I can  give him a ride home . There was no way I was letting some junkie looking dude get in my car with me alone, so I made up a lie and said that I didn't have a car and had walked there. He eventually wandered off to harass other customers.   I guess security must've thrown him out, because after I had checked out and was walking out to my car, I spotted him out in the parking lot asking people out there for money. I was young and stupid and didn't want this guy to see me walk out to my car after I had told him I had walked there, so I did the dumbest thing I possibly could have: I walked around the side of the building down an infrequently used alley as if I was going to walk to the housing complex behind the store.   The guy must've spotted me, because the next thing I know he's followed me down the alley and is asking me for money again. Now I'm alone with this guy and no one else is around to help. I freak out and take out my wallet to give the guy some money (stupid move #2) and proceed to commit dumbass move #3; I open my wallet right in front of the guy with probably $600 in cash obviously visible inside.   Immediately after handing the guy a $20 bill, a cop car pulls around the other side of the building and starts driving down the alley towards us--probably called by the store after people had reported he was harassing shoppers in the lot. The guy promptly turned around and walked the other way out of the alley, and I got to contemplate how stupid I was for letting myself get taken advantage of (and also how lucky I was that I didn't get myself mugged) while I took the long way back to my car.
0	I have been with the same person for 15 years and this is so, so true.  We work in the same field and lately, as our careers converge we have been helping each other through stressful times at work with an enhanced appreciation for what we are going through.  I have always applied this to our personal lives, and just recently, it dawned on me that the best way for me to help her when she is suffering from work stress is to do the things that she does to help me.  It has made us both much happier helping each other.
0	I was in the ER, and in the bed closest to me was a drunk guy who was complaining  about back pain.  I heard him explain to the Dr. that his back hurt and he did not know how or when it started.   After examining the patient, the Dr. told him that he had been stabbed, and the blade was still in his back, since the handle was broken off it would be hard to remove.   The doctor pressed him for any more information about when, or how it happened, saying that it could make treatment better.  Drunk guy said he had no ideas, and the Dr. should just pull the knife out and he would be on his way.   The Dr. left, and Drunk girlfriend showed up.  He told her a story about Drunk best friend stabbing him, and then driving him to the ER.
1	OGN is a league.  Winter, spring, and summer all give circuit points.   NLB factors into this as well, bringing the OGN teams that don't get to playoffs and amateur teams together for lesser circuit points.  It also functions as their promotion tourney.   LCS is a series of tournaments.  Spring was a tournament for a cash purse.  Summer is a tournament for cash+worlds spots.   In essence, Riot ran 6 tournaments each for NA and EU(spring promo, spring split, spring main, summer promo, summer split, summer final) There was no reward for splits other than seeds(top spots get better, bottom spots get none) due to them paying the 8 teams for games played rather than victory.   Confused?  OGN/NLB good.  LCS = Riot paying out of own pocket.   Maybe if Delta, Verizon, AT&T, Ralphs/Kroger, Nike, Adidas, Viacom, Expedia, GE, Coke(and too many more to list) started paying the player costs, while Red Bull put up the prize purse each season.
1	I want equal treatment for all regions. If something happens, I want Riot to react to it the same way, however big or small, in every region that it is supporting.   I had a little trail of thought regarding this unequal treatment.  By giving out more rewards and attention to Americans and Koreans, Riot are implying that the time of a US/Korean gamer that is spent not playing LoL is more valuable than the same time of an EUW gamer. All regions were affected with similar downtimes, however only US/Korean customers were seen as valuable enough to receive compensation, meaning that Riot sees Europeans as less valuable or inferior customers. Having said that, I found an interesting definition from thefreedictionary.com that explains this mindset:   > "The belief that race accounts for differences in human character or ability and that a particular race is superior to others."   Seems to fit about right. You know what the corresponding word of this definition is? 'Racism'
0	you know what? even though I assume this is true (because I don't have any psychological knowledge), I don't care. I don't expect from everyone in society being a helping-hand for kids who act like animals, not civilised people.  And people should be responsible for their actions and it should be decided by law which of the circumstances make the actions in ANY way justified (therefore making judge's verdict 'softer').
0	assigned seating is terrible, the movie starts after we paid extra for the special effect seats and there was a family of 4 that got pissed after we told them to move out of our seats. It was dark and we had to get a worker to help us and just a terrible experience.
0	Yeah, so, story about this.   Saturday night my friends and I went to see The Avengers. We bought our tickets early and went to get some food. We arrived at the theater expecting no line since the movie was playing every 20 minutes. Well, there was a line of about 200 people.   One of my friends who can become very easily unnoticed walks into the theater even though it says "Cleaning..." He stood by the garbage can and pretended to be on an important phone call, yelling something about mentioning a code three times. The people cleaning didn't want to bother him. They eventually left, and we got the best seats in the theater. :)
1	I know that people don't get humour if it's done by germans, [but ...](   Also do you really think I'm going to answer seriously to something like this:   >WAIT SO DON'T RUSH NLR ON SONA?   Anyway, back to Mejias:   Mejias is only viable if you literally stomp the lane and killing the enemy doesn't give you any money because the enemy laners are 0/20 or so. This is actually the moment where you should bring your advantage towards the other lanes, with your AD as they hopefully will be suprised by your fed ADC, instead of buying Mejias.   This was mostly a reference to the first support guide I ever read, which was a guide to Soraka with Mejias and Frozen Hearth on Mobafire when I was level 10 or so. He wrote that you should abuse your Ulti to get assists and the Forzen Hearth to be tanky so you don't die. Not sure if guides like this still exist on Mobafire, but at the time I tried it out it surprisingly worked pretty well. I'm pretty sure many people thought so in the beginning.   Also you forget that you as a support are supposed die for the team if needed, which makes the whole "keeping stacks up" even worse. But if we talk about dying. Lux, Janna, Zilean, Blitz and probably Leona have a good chance of keeping up the stacks if they play right, and don't "want to die". But on the later two you don't build Mejias...   You don't need to build Mejias early, only early enough to have it before the teamfights start, because as a support, that's the time where you get lots of assists, if you don't stomp your lane.   Also why would you go Rylai's on any support. Nearly everyone has some kind of slow or other form of cc or does AoE damage or just has no real need for the item. The slows only stack halved. If we are talking about building AP Items, the old DFG was better as it provided CDR which is more useful on Supports as it helps them using their utility more often. The Active wasn't bad as it gave the support some kind of extra dmg and it builded out of Kages, which is a GP5 Money and it's generally cheaper, if you don't have the problem that if will give you a CDR overkill.
0	Do it, you wont regret it. I make a point to get friendly with middle aged college people.  They take their shit seriously, and they are great to work with.  All the people complaining about them are kids going to school on their parent's dime, probably never worked in their life.  They don't appreciate what an opportunity school is, and what a pain in the ass it is to work for everything themselves, especially in an unskilled job.
1	It seem like you are jumping on the "gg duos always suck" train and the points you make don't really make sense to me. You said that duos tend to be difficult to bargain with, there are several things about this statement that i don't think are true. First of all I don't believe that "most" duos are difficult to deal with, It may seem like it to you because the duos who are cooperative don't announce themselves as duos and thus you go the whole game thinking they are just two normal non-toxic players. Secondly this "difficulty bargaining with duos" is usually because they tend to have first pick and last pick, so yeah they get first choice in which role they take just like any other player would if they so desire. Riot endorsed pick order and so there should be no problem with this. My third issue with your statement is the idea that people are playing roles they "aren't comfortable with". 'A' you shouldn't play ranked if expect to play 1 role every single game, there are always going to be players who have higher pick than you and decide that they want your role, but there is absolutely nothing you can do about that other than politely ask for the role you'd like. Adding to this point, although there is like a tiny bit higher chance that you wont get what you want with a duo, (because if they are uncooperative/want your role there is a 2/5 chance they are higher pick than you as opposed to 1/5) this is hardly a significant enough number to say that duos are a significant problem. Finally your issue with duos flaming seems rather inconsistent with my experiences, although i have definitely played with the type of duo you are describing here, i think that what i have experienced much more is the entire team flaming the duos from the min they make a single mistake making the claim "gg duos always suck" or something along those lines.       In saying all of this I also want to recognize that I have MANY times experienced the types of duos you are describing, my point is just that it's unfair to classify the majority of duos like this just because a small portion rage, flame, and make the game unbearable. If you disagree with any of the points PLEASE feel free to criticize. Hopefully this isn't overly harsh :)
1	alot of dutch people they random they start with the question : anyone dutch, mostly another guy says yes and they talk random crap just for the sake of it.  everytime i see this i just ignore to talk because in a 5 man team i rather have everyone talk english even if dutch is easier. This is my problem with the germans, most of the time if 2 germans are together they start talking german right off the bat and never stop. If you ask them they hardly start talking english(probs to you if you do) and if you call them out for it they go into the ''you hate us because were german'' fit.
1	I think he was talking about NA specifically when he said that no other ADC has outperformed him   He didn't wrote that tho, so i'm just going by facts and no assumptions.   > I think its worth giving doublelift some credit since he generally doesn't make excuses for his own poor play. He calls himself or his plays trash just as often as he claims to be the best ADC.   almost every time that happens he admits he wasn't being serious tho, which can explain my skepticism on this post.   What baffles me is the fact the post comment claimed that DL was being  "an honourable,   humble   and honestly hard working guy" . Which is no doubt looking at DL with rose-colored glasses.   DL post can be
1	I have to say, I actually stopped playing LoL for probably 2 months-ish because I would get annoyed at myself for doing something wrong or playing badly only to have somebody on my team type to all saying how bad I was.  Every. Single. Game.  The games where I didn't ignore at least 1 person in the game was increasingly rare as I got fed up with dealing with people, so I stopped. Fast forward to today, Played 4 games and while one or two people were the typical LoL rager, they were balanced out by people trying to genuinely be nice. I'd say first impressions is that the honor system is working.
0	TRUE story: Teacher in 10th grade told me I'd never amount to anything, and I'd be lucky to flip burgers at McDonalds because they would never let me work the register. When I graduated, on graduation day, I made it a point to tell her and a few others to fuck themselves. HS was the worst 4yrs of my life. I was popular, active, was having sex, etc...but the teachers were mostly all horrible. (Jokes on her, you don't flip burgers at McDonalds!) and............ ffwd 7 years later, I'm upper management at a Fortune 100 company. I had some issues with the group that set up Blackberries dicking me around. I escalated and had a guy call me at 5pm on a friday before I had to leave for Singapore. Dude is very apologetic and being a real nice guy, but definitely kissing ass.
1	Anybody is talking about if we are or aren't allowed to give our opinions, is THE WAY we give our opinions what matters. The
1	Me as Janna support, duoing with a friend as Maokai jungle. We say in champion select that we'll be swapping, I first pick his jungle and he picks my support. But, as is always the way, a member of the team took Cho gath jungle (with smite) as well as the Maokai. There were a few words thrown around but eventually settled down and realised how strong out buff control was, 2 smites and a feast. We took all dragons before 25 minutes, but at the cost of 2 top towers, since cho had no teleport he had to walk to dragon and back. The enemy Twisted Fate was an exceptional player, I must admit, and basically caught out our team enough to push to mid inhibitor. We tried to fight back, but both Maokai and Cho'Gath built full tank, and as Support Janna our damage was lacking, enough that when TF ulted to our backline Corki and Orianna, we just couldn't kill him before he bursted down a carry. We surrendered shortly after
0	Just because you are reading / seeing / hearing more coverage of the Coke commercial than Scientology doesn't mean people actually feel that way proportionally.   The media decides what it covers based on money, and trollbait articles about a small handful of people raging about 'speaking American' are dirt cheap to produce and source, with high viral 'reach' (hello, reddit!) because they are inflammatory.  Meanwhile all this is bonus coverage for Coke, who couldn't care less.  (Want a reason to be pissed at Coke?  Go look for some information on the Union leaders for coke workers in Latin America)   Scientology on the other hand has deep, deep pockets and they have previously demonstrated willingness to go after publications for even the slightest hint of libel in any report about members, their commercials, or their religion.
0	I almost never buy girls drinks at a club. There are quite a few who prey on guys with an easy wallet, get a free drink and 'go to the bathroom'. Especially if they are the one asking You to buy them one it is a big red flag. My go-to response is to 'make a deal' they will buy me a drink first and I will buy the next one.   When they question it - be honest and say pretty well the above- some girls just use guys for drinks, where this deal puts us even. they will then either get angry and flake off (you correctly called them on it and saved yourself money) or they get a flash of revelation that it makes good sense and now there is a deeper connection.   If they buy the first round it creates an investment in you, and having me pay the next round doesn't put me out in a money-alcohol ratio.
1	I've tried to be polite and don't ever flame u.ú   Some of my friends kept flaming their entire rankeds, other ones just kept feeding at all normal games they played...   At the end I got a slightly outdated skin (at the current SR) [Queen Ashe](   My flaming friend got another slightly outdated [Tundra Hunter Warwick](   Finally the feeding guy received [Firefighter Tristana](   I'm starting to think there's little point on flaming or not, as most of my toxic friends got a skin too, about the same tier as mine or better.
1	have to say that your KDA is somehow good to really good, proving that you are not just solely blame your teammates for losses. however, i think there are lot more rooms to improve. First, rune and mastery. for 21/0/9, i think meditation is the way to go. also, dont put point on scout because it is useless. wanderer is good but not for your roles. and your rune pages are not good. use mr/lvl for glyph and flat armor for better efficiency. Second, your cs is too low. i guess you play aggressively in lane. but you can practise to lose less cs when you try to harass enemy. Third, your kills and assists are high, but followed by high deaths too. if you are ahead, dont trade your kill spree with enemy death spree because it does not worth. die less, carry moar. at your elo 4 KDA is way to go.
0	I hate it when people think to be cultured you have to go to museum or the symphony. You know what else is culture? Literally everything that was created by humans. No culture is better than another. Different yes. There is nothing wrong with whatever your culture is. To OP's white roommate: You're bound to have some sort of heritage. If you have German ancestry grow you beard out (not just because it's no shave November). Germans have a long history of awesome facial hair. If you have Scottish in ya put a fucking kilt on and throw a huge log around. There is all sorts of shit your white background to enjoy. So quit being such a bitch
0	The location: Disneyland California The day: Any damn day of the week The time: All freaking day long   People seem to think that the middle of a narrow walk way with thousands of cattle herded human beings being directed to the next wallet sucking attraction is the best spot to unload their 4 child tandem stroller with 2 backpacks for each kid while the grandparents uncles aunts and 3rd cousins twice removed stand around on their cell phones like zombies completely oblivious to the consumers and patrons about them just looking to get their next set of "Mickey Ears"..
1	Happened to me just today and I realize I shouldn't even play because of my current hormone imbalance (pregnant, yay!). It's stressing me out too much when, instead, League used to be what calmed me down and let me forget all my worries.   I was playing ranked-Sona and it was a pretty well-matched game. 30 mins in I'm warding and (in hindsight I shouldn't have warded w/o my team nearby) I get caught. My first mistake in the whole game. Our jungler goes ballistic. Him and Mid were a duo and started talking down to me. My ign + playing sona probably made it easy to figure out I was a woman and everyone knows women get a lot of heat in games. I had only 3 deaths in compared to their KDRs but I'm told how "fucking women shouldn't even play, go suck a dick like you were born for" "you probably sucked dick to get to plat" "loose whore stop feeding" "you're probably a fat fuck"  "how the fuck do you expect to support a family if you can't even support in a game"  That one hurt the most. That was the line that, in over a decade of gaming online, brought me over the line and I broke down. Sure, he probably didn't know I was pregnant and wouldn't have said it. But that made me afk for the first time in 2 years in a game of League, let alone rank.   Sorry for the rant, but if you're the type of person who says hurtful things, even if it's online, have the maturity to think about how it will affect your game and the person, even if you think things said on the internet shouldn't affect you irl, you don't know what others are going through.
0	I've actually used "I'll probably get downvoted for this" a few times, but when I do, it's to make it apparent to the person I'm commenting on that I really don't care that what I'm saying won't be agreed with by him, but it's something I felt I should say. It's not for attention, like the whole "am I ugly?" thing, it's actually because I believe I'll get downvoted, but I just don't care. I've never once seen a girl say "I'm so ugly" or "am I ugly" who actually thinks she's ugly. It happens, I'm sure, but not often. It's usually while posting a picture of herself in some stupid pose that makes it obvious that she thinks she's anything but ugly.
1	You provide proof that OP is a toxic person. You provided no proof whatsoever why you shouldn't help toxic players reform instead of punishing them.   I don't necessarily agree with that comment, as I am a revenge-hungry asshole, but you still made a massive logical fallacy. Failure to type correctly also doesn't help, nor does "0/10 please try harder".   Addressing one of my points does not change anything about the other ones, and they still would be valid. Perhaps I made too many, so "sorry if its too much for you honey". Address all my points in a suitable manner or not at all. And certainly don't use an obviously false method of argumentation.
1	You fail to realise that his W got the extra 20% damage and slow to 50% instade and show 2 secounds visability. this may turn out too a evolve in W at first again. what they did is too remove his tankiness as a assassin, aint supposed to be tanky. they then mixed his Q and W so people need to hit both too do maximum damage instade of just rely on just Q
0	When I had my last child I was 170 lbs  which is chubby for 5'7" but not bad post partum.   Today I am 275. In just 7 years.  The doctor said there was nothing wrong with me, I should exercise.    I haven't had fast food in two years nor soda in 18 months. I put in minimum 30 minutes on the eliptical daily until I'm in so much pain from my knees and ankles that I have been prescribed narcotics. Recently it was discovered that the Mirena IUD the doctors fitted me with after the birth of my child can cause uncontrolled weight gain in some individuals.  This was NOT  a specified side effect of the medication although now there are lawsuits.  I have been riduculed harrased bullied and nearly committed suicide as the weight and horrible teasing got to me (emotional issues IS a side effect of my Mirena).   Thank you, random redditor for not hating me based solely on a condition I am now trying to rectify.  I have an appointment to change my birth control method and the nutritionist is going to try y to help me not need gastric bypass to be normal again.  No, I have no intention of joing the lawsuits but maybe I should?   What would you do?
1	thanks for pointing this out - in effort to consolidate comments, I've commented here:
0	That was  stupid. I'm wondering if I'm being trolled or not.   >Wow. Just wow. So much sexism.   Yeah, well, how about you pinpoint it? With a quote from me and an explanation what it is that is sexist about it. Otherwise it just looks like you've got nothing in terms of argumentation and you're out of better insults, too.   >I have never met a woman like this.   ...?   And I have never met a male my-little-pony enthusiasts. Doesn't mean they don't exist.   Yes, it's rare, but I have met a couple women like this. Go out more, I guess?   >As a woman I am horribly offended   Pffhahaha.... Oh, you're too much.   > by this gross generalization which is just that: a generalization (and therefore carries about as much weight as a stereotype).   No, this is literally the opposite of a generalization. Because we were not making a general claim! We were just talking about a couple women we know, 2-3 out of maybe a 100 if you want me to make up a statistic real quick.   > Not to mention the complete lack of anything scholarly making this more accurately: "one dudes untrained opinion"   Absolutely.. these are just wild speculations as to why these women do this. Nobody claimed any real credibility here. I also submitted my own explanation as to why they do this (
0	story time! i worked for a long while in phone based outbound sales and spent time with a company who did the same thing. Logging amount of calls and duration and unbeknownst to me also WHO you were calling.  It sucked and i hated it. I eventually realized that i just needed to connect to the other line for 20 seconds and it would register as an outbound call made. BINGO!  i would call corporations with long voice recorded greetings, count to 20 hang up, repeat.  i start doing this and hitting numbers. at first i had about 10 different numbers i'd hit up but eventually i  found one that was 732-222-1711 and had a long greeting message. i started dialing that number 60 times a day, 5 days a week.   after about a month, i'm in an office that houses my direct manager and his direct manager. my direct goes "hey have you been feeling ok?" i responded yea, why? "cause i was looking at your call numbers and you've made like 400 calls to an ONCOLOGY OFFICE in the last 2 weeks."  ohh uhhhh fuckkkkk.   i excused myself and buzzed him a few minutes later to meet outside and i would "explain"  Straight up told him my scheme and he started laughing and exclaims, "oh man! i thought you had CANCER!"   he ended it by telling me to switch my numbers up and stop using that one.
1	One thing that many are not taking into consideration is how weird League is from a viewers standpoint. It isn't like tennis, golf, or even Starcraft in that it is a team competition, so following a single player seems odd. It also isn't like soccer, football or baseball in that teams are small and player careers (especially player careers on a particular team) are pretty short.   The closest sport that can be compared to is basketball, and in basketball, the stories are rarely about the rivalries, but more frequently about the superstars. The Jordan's, Kobe's, James's, and Faker's.   I mean, I get what he's saying. I just think if you are looking for interesting story lines, you are looking in the wrong places.   Side note: I could be wrong about basketball as my perspective is as a person who watches 3-4 games a year (generally just the finals). Correct me if rivalries are a really big part of the game.   Other side note: I agree with the video in that frequency of meetings is needed for rivalries to develop, but I disagree international competition is the answer. Focusing on domestic completion is better. Think about american football. If the packers didn't play the Vikings, bears, and lions twice a year each, those rivalries wouldn't be as good. Additionally the proximity of the teams means many fans overlap and interact with one another which builds rivalries as well. Meetings between Brady and Manning or Rodgers and Manning aren't the focus of rivalries because the good rivalries go back to before these players even played, and they will continue past when these players play.
0	Long term romantic relationships work out when both parties are best buds that are fond of knockin' klogs together and can share their passions and ideas openly with one another. My parents made the mistake of having the romance aspect down but not the foundation of a fulfilling, honest, warm friendship. Don't be like them! Divorce is fucking expensive.
0	Wow. You are a total asshat. Starting your comment of with "Look" as if you are some one who has any credible standings. You are a dude on the internet so shut your mouth. Then you go on to spew more shit as if you are king, "TRUST ME" he says. I am a random guy on the internet, TRUST ME. Shut up you bigot. Then you go on talking about earning respect like you are some outstanding individual, look at your username, you're clearly some jackass. Most likely one of those assholes who likes to tip toe the line of legal and illegal and tries to be a smart ass to the cops while they try to do there best job serving and protecting and have to deal with your sorry ass.
1	There is a simple solution for this, TwitchTV is the gaming redirect for JustinTV, go to  and sign up there, then go to their games section at  , find what you are looking for there, and it will redirect to TwitchTV without you having to deal with their shit website.
0	This is completely unrelated to the content of this post, but this page just made me incredibly angry... Let me explain. I just got a nice new shiny 23" monitor about 2 months ago. I then proceed to use my computer merrily on a regular basis for a while until I came upon this post right here. I noted the meme. Decently funny. I scrolled down to see what sort of pointless comments I could stumble over. And there, right there--in the middle of the screen--I saw it. A small black dot. A black dot that should be white. That could only mean one thing, my brand new shiny monitor that I have been so merrily using has died- or at least a pixel of it. On the verge of screaming at the small devilish black abyss surrounded by a glowing white sea, I chose to leave this page, the page that brought me this torment. On the main page of Reddit it vanished. The speck was gone. It was just a glitch, a blip, a dream. And yet, here it is again. The dot appears as soon as I come here, but it is absent everywhere else on the internet or my computer for that matter. It sits idly watching my every move so long as I am on this single solitary page. This place is evil, and all should fear it.
1	I like it with events, but it would be neat if it somehow they figured out a way for you to be able to mystery gift someone on their birthdays. Like, a little present shows up on a players name on  your friend list when it is their birthday and you can right click it to go to the gifting page of the store if you want to send them something. (
1	At level 1 he has his Q with about a 14 second cool down. He uses it on you once you now have lane control. He is basically 1-5 a one trick pony only being able to keep lane control using his bombs. His bombs at level 1 cost 70 mana, his level 2 skill is about 50 so at level 3 to effectively hurt you he is bursting about 190 mana, this is basicalll 80% of his mana. He then can't do anything for 12 seconds (no skills) and then about 2 minutes (regen mana). If he gets a bomb on you, make him regret it. He's a one trick pony and as soon as a bomb hits you he can't do anything else but some awful 30 damage auto attack. You take a shovel and beat the crap out of that pony.   Urgot, Ashe, Malz, Cait, Corki, Vlad, Morde, MF, Sona, Soraka, Cho, GP ... etc etc etc all out lane him as he has to wait so long between skills. Your issue is not your champ it's your game play. You are not assessing the situation correctly. You clearly have the wrong mind set. You need to learn his strengths and weaknesses then use them against him. Learn your champs, learn your maximum out/in put.
1	You make a lot of good points. I agree that the system is flawed there is no denying that. However when I am judging a case I personally look at everything. If the other players were being toxic to the player first I wouldn't punish them. If it was an obvious duo butt hurt about a jungle not ganking I wouldn't punish. When you say that they were from 6 months ago well they do take the worst reports and present them. The person more than likely had multiple reports on them recently but the one from 6 months ago was the worst. If the other reports were even close to as bad he surely deserves a punish. I doubt the cases have sat there for 6 months its just those were the worst ones out of all of them. If we could see every game, whether it was 20 games or what not you would have a better idea of what you were dealing with, but less people would do the tribunal with 20 games to read. So when I am presented with the cases of 5 games I think ok this guy must have had a lot of reports against him other than these 5. Its not like he had 5 games reported in the span of 2 years, that just wouldn't make sense and the tribunal guide state this does not happen. Maybe I'm not making a difference as an individual. But if there are others like me judging fairly than perhaps as a group we are. If no one did the tribunal the state of league would be a lot worse off than it is now. If I'm in plat and a guy who was toxic gets banned then its going to take a while for him to get back up to that point where he was banned from. Is he going to risk getting banned again and having to do it again. The majority of people would surely try to correct that behavior. Its the same deal as the judicial system, guy has 1 minor offense gets slap on the wrist. Multiple small infractions results in a harsher punishment, if he does even worse he goes to jail for a period of time. Depending on the circumstances I doubt this man would want to go back to jail so tries his best to stay out of trouble. I'm not saying the population of this world is perfect, but if even a few people whether its in league or in real world change their ways its definitely an improvement. You have to remember everything has flaws. But saying that the system does nothing is honestly for lack of a better word ignorant. Lets look at another example, children. When your child does something wrong you don't harshly punish them right away because that's cruel. You give them a light talking to. If bad behavior continues then its time to take action on a punishment. Adding up all their bad behavior for a proper punishment. The punishment would probably have to correlate with the worst things they have done. You aren't going to ground them for 2 weeks for simply screaming and refusing,to do something. But if they took a sharpie and drew dicks all over the house its punishment time.
0	I feel like all the guys here saying that they see no humor in farts, surely have never had a girlfriend and think they'll find one here by letting people know they are the "perfect boyfriend". It comes off a little desperately.
1	Not if you understand statistics.   He had a 88.6 or whatever ratio simply spamming punish. There's 2 things to take from this-     Of the cases  this individual  judged, that punish rate was significantly high.     There is also a decent chance that 2 or 3 cases per day were very close to borderline. Looking at my voting record, I woud say that cases labeled 'Majority' or 'Minority' are close to breaking even, given the presence of 'Overwhelming Majority', 'Strong Majority', and other modifiers. Out of the 77 completed cases I've reviewed since the Tribunal update, 18 fell into these categories. Thats more than a quarter of the cases that were decided by only a few votes. Back to this case- If all of his punish spamming tipped the scales in favor of punish, it's going to artificially inflate his percentage correct. I'm not sure exactly how many people judge each Tribunal case, but I would feel safe in venturing it's not more than 10-15 votes per case
0	The mean of a set of numbers and the average of a set of numbers are synonymous.
1	there's no way to verify that somebody creating an account is a minor or not, plain and simple. Despite the fact that I disagree with this policy, it wouldn't be possible to enforce it or check it. I can't remember if a date of birth was asked when creating a LoL account (it's been a long time since I created mine) but even so, whoever's below 18 (assuming that this policy is in place) would just change his year of birth.
1	Personally I have a friend with same problem but as he knows he shouldn't be playing games in 1st place so he just works out the visual game settings and tune them to minimum ammount of effects to be ok, like the post ult shockwave and brithness and such.   If you have health problem then there is always a solution, I bet Riot will do something about it but they shouldn't feel forced to.. because most of us loves flashy finishers with a bang! they make the game feel most exiting for general public   Also for peple that feel sick from playing should first of all  check the environment they are playing in. . going all Batman with dark room and super glowing screen inches from your face will make anyone sick after a long while and specially with badass Garens ult destroying you same goes with the sound etc.. just take care of you surroundings becouse you never know when something bad can happen.. like having epileptic attack while driving at night cuz of lights..   Just sharing a bit of my experience with the issue ;)
1	Rylai's is much more beneficial.   You need the slow on more than just your W and you're going to be running figure eights and basically just CCing the whole team with Rylai's.   With RoA the only difference is more mana. Haven't checked the actual numbers, but I know that the HP bonus and the AP bonus are basically the same.   Plus, after you get your Rylai's, you're going to have all the cc you need and then just build tanky after that.   Singed is not mana starved at all so he doesn't need the mana. As a singed player myself, the only time I'm out of mana is if the fight lasted 1 minute + and it runs out at the end of it.   Going both RoA and Rylai's is just going to stop you from getting tanky items sooner.
0	I was picked on a few times back in school. It didn't make much sense to me as I was bigger than most of the bullies. My school had a zero tolerance policy, but actually was reasonable thanks to the security camera that was present. A bully came up behind me and clocked me in the back of the head. I turned around and asked him to walk away. When he swung at me again I put him through a window (we were on the first floor). Thankfully, once they reviewed the camera footage they said I was a good example of how to handle yourself under pressure and had the bully apologize to me.
0	Not really. Things like this happen more often than you'd think.   Someone broke into my dad's truck, stole his laptop, ipod, and camera. Fast forward to a week later, my friend was in class and hears this guy bragging about how he stole this sweet laptop and camera from some truck. My friend tells me. I find out the guys name and where he lives. Arrive at his house, knock on his door, force him to give camera + laptop back.   Fast forward another week, my dad goes to local flea market to buy a new ipod, guy gives him HIS ACTUAL ipod to look at, with all his playlists still on it and everything. My dad takes it back.
1	I'm definitely going to have to disagree with this.   The shield effect doesn't stack, so unless they take the full 180+3.5 damage, you don't get the most out of it.  Hitting multiple teammates with both waves requires your team to position into it; not really a priority in team fights.  Shield travel time may be an issue, but can be compensated by range.  It's just really too situational to be considered one of the best.  Every other shield with a ratio has a higher ap or ad ratio.  The base 80 is standard on support shields, with lee sin's at a 40 (it overtakes lux's by level 4).  With the additional bonuses that everyone else's shields give, lux's really sucks for a shield.  It also scales off terribly late game due to the low ratio.  Essentially, it is like karma's heal but harder to land.  It can be really good if you can get your team to not be stupid.   What lux does have going for her shield: at early levels, the reapplied shield can be good in small fights, due to most spells and attacks tearing through it, allowing the 2nd shield to be useful.  Late game, the shield instant drops both times, becoming nearly useless.
1	Your Fps is based on your computer, This is how it works. I used to have over 100 ping because of a new computer but after a while (3ish yrs to be exact) i started to get close to 10 fps with my video settings at high. The simple way to fix this is to put all ur video settings to low.
0	Well, first of all, the information you have "gleaned from being an uncle" is shit. If your nephew feeds on a schedule he is the only baby on the planet who does.   Courtesy? Courtesy for who? How does it even affect you? Take the order and move right along. If you are that offended by breasts I expect you also never check out attractive women in minimal clothing, or look at porn. And you must not go to the beach either because all the women there are extremely discourteous as well. I hope you go on Facebook and Reddit complaining about these women in bikini tops as well as the ones who take them off to sunbathe. Oh the discourteousness. All these women...they need to be stopped! Oh hang on, you probably don't have a problem with any of those scenarios.   I am sure you're not 'against' breastfeeding, but you seem to think your immaturity is more important than the comfort and needs of a baby. So that definitely makes you a dick.
0	I made a generalization based upon limited information about an effect or phenomena possibly existing Outside the person of reference.   This is what people who are Not clinical freaks do in order to explain behavior.   It's specifically because I fail to see the need to ever really 'analyze' any single person that I reject the field, and so your comment seems to be somewhat off target.   Would you prefer that I attempt and run a brief MSE on this person's fiance, on reddit?   "Sir, what is her mood generally like when she does this?"  "Does she appear to have a high or a flattened affect; that is to say, is she seething with appropriate responses, or is she somewhat detached and disassociated?"  "Is she typically a clean girl?  How is her hygiene?"  ....   ...because at best, in this type of thread and manner of communication, there are immediate limitations on the amount of information that is likely to be gathered.   Therefore, I am reduced to making a broad generalization, and I think I delivered it with a bit of humor, dont you?   Because the real point to all of this was to bait little junior Dr Phils like you out of hiding so I could castrate your field publicly.   The statement that I would never trust a bitch that doesnt fart or shit around me is true, however.  And if you knew your Freudian psychobabble bullshit, you would probably be able to make a reasonable argument that there is something prohibiting this girl from releasing the muscles around her anus and enjoying the process of elimination while in the presence of her potential life partner.  That she would be embarrassed by doing so in front of him is actually a very telling detail about her attitudes and beliefs and expectations towards this relationship, if not at least slightly revealing about herself.   Either way, I never asked you to agree, if you would care to go back and check.   And to be frank, I was hoping for more of the long-legs to come out and play; occasionally, I run across a few high-powered ones.   You, on the other hand, are garden variety; a materialist who places too much value in the self-gratification of fictional abstracts hidden behind titles and diplomas; very common, in fact.
0	But how much you pluck and where you apply the color. For example, if you have patches growing under your eyebrow like I do, you would pluck those out (unless I were going for the cavewoman look I guess. yes, they can get that bushy, unfortunately). But for some odd reason I have almost nothing on the sides close to my nose. It's the opposite of the unibrow; they're so far apart it looks off. So I put some color there if I'm going somewhere special or something.
0	You sir, are correct. The vast majority come from very poor places. Myself included. Can you blame them though? They have no real shot at college, or even meaningful work. We never have had money likes that before. At the height of 911 paranoia, we were paying kids straight out of the slums 10-25k sign on bonuses; healthcare, all that good stuff. You are correct, but understand, this is still not their war to fight. They are signing on to contracts from the federal government, and are expecting them to be fulfilled. Many of us are disabled from the current wars and need help. We are more or less being denied our benefits. The VA does nothing in a timely manner. The running joke is they give us paperwork that takes so long to process, er will die before it actually happens.
1	I think the best thing to do here would to give chogath a small movespeed buff after landing feral or Q. I mean interrupting seems fine to me because the nature of the skills not any others in the game like it. Giving him a small move speed buff after landing his Q or W would allow him to follow up and or give him a chance to get out of sticky situations.   In the case of just making them not interrupt movement all he would lose is mana instead of sacrificing some mobility for the time being. It would allow him to just throw Q to try to escape or W without repercussion.
1	In general, players should feel empowered to play what they want and to try new strategies; however, this does not give you a license to be disrespectful or rude to your fellow gamers.   Last  paragraph  sentence of Tribunal FAQ #11   > Making games is our business, so it should come as no surprise that we want you to have a lot of fun. We want you to get excited, to have tension-filled moments, and to celebrate your success. This doesn’t mean that we’re okay with you ruining anybody else’s day.   If you doing whatever you want ruins the game for 4 or 9 other players, they can report you for it.  Basically, if you're team tells you that they don't want a second jungler and you still pick a second jungler, you're wrong.  If you say that you'd like to run a double jungle strategy and your team is willing to try it, you're fine.   In these instances, you won't be reported for not playing the meta; you'll be reported for being disrespectful of the wishes of your team-mates and ruining the game for them.
0	Yawn. The conception and entirety of the offensive comic genre begs to differ. And given Reddit's tendency to reward satirical witticism with the oh so fabled upboats, it is no wonder people go to extremes outside their true beliefs in pursuit of said upboats.   Additionally, you can't make a blanket statement that "the [hypothetical] statement still stands" because there are a lot of factors like age, race, sex, community (Reddit), connotation in relation to context, et cetera that define the interpretation of a statement.   And lastly, I personally enjoy when people get riled up over subject material on the principle of the material itself with no basis on the intent or context of the material and am typically motivated to take things further or troll or whatever you want to call it. Just something to consider on your white knight crusade against the evil mysogynistic/racist/homophobic/probably-actually-good-people-afk crowd.
1	First, the jungle item limit is justified for the following reasons:   It is an item built just FOR junglers and is extremely gold efficient, which is why smite is reasonable as it doesn't shutdown any balanced strategies and only affects "OP" strategies. The ones it does shutdown are ones such as midlane mages with 80 ap 20%cdr and jungle clear for same gold as morello.   Summoners however aren't targeted towards any one group of players. Riot can not and will not dictate strategy, summoners in this case. They will just nerf any "broken" strats which the current top smite is. The only summoner which they have targeted towards a meta is smite. Everything else can be picked anywhere and everywhere. Hell, even smite can be picked anywhere, it's just way better in the jungle.   Next, the existence of a jungler-only item allows Riot to balance/buff/nerf junglers without affecting other lanes at all. This is a key reason as to why Riot decided to create that item. By making smite tied in with jungle items, Riot is essentially saying that you cannot use smite unless you are jungle, which not only goes against their philosophy, BUT ALSO does not give them any balance power. Since, they can already balance junglers with the addition of the jungle item.   BUT WAIT, there's more. The tying in of smite with the jungle item took away the ability for laners to get an extremely gold efficient item, thus putting a stop to a overpowered strategy, BUT it did not affect any balanced strategies simply because there were none. Every instance of jungle item in lane gave a huge advantage. What I'm trying to say is it took away the OPs.   But tying smite with jungle item takes away the OP strategies AND the legit situational strategies: (Shaco, Olaf, Hecarim, etc). The previous instance had no negative effects. This one does. It effectively kicks Shaco out of a spot in League. DO you honesty expect Riot to balance things in such a way that it renders a whole champion useless?
1	The pre/post game chat is not tied into the game in the way that you think it is.  It requires alot more resources to add this feature than you think.   Riot has stated multiple times that they are working on it, but it presents a large workload for their staff (because the pre-game and in-game chat are handled SEPARATELY and have to be put together in some fashion) and it's going to take time.
1	Take a break, try out some new champs. I'm not ashamed to say that Darius jungle brought me out of a huge LoL slump.   I've also started to change my outlook on the game. I think one of the biggest problems facing a team in soloque is a lack of communication and leadership. People may know what needs to be done but don't have the communication or leadership skills to say anything but "OMG BOT STOP FEEDING"   I try to take on the roll of leader. First rule of mine is to never, ever refer to myself as some kind of authority. Most of what I do is type "GJ  __ " whenever I see a good play or "It's all right guys we still got this" if someone dies. If someone starts flaming bot for feeding or jungle for never ganking top I try to be the voice of reason.   It's made a huge difference in my games. I'm not perfect and there is still the odd game where someone trolling frustrates me. Most of the time though flamers and trolls just don't effect me. I'm going to lose around half my games, managing trolls and frustrated people is just a reality of Soloque.   What server are you on? Our ELO's have been around the same areas (I was once around 1k and I'm on the rise now. Although I have avoided ranked in favor of normals while I learn new champs). I don't tend to view ELO as something to be gained or lost. I practice my skills in normals for many games and hop into ranked to see how I compare to myself from the past.   If you're in NA I wouldn't mind Duoing a bit.
1	I didn't know ryze was reworked, and when I came back onto him I was severely disappointed. I still won that particular game but ryze essentially has the same play style where you just wait for a team fight and just clean up shop.
1	Huge fan of Shyvana Jungle from Season 2 and i was very excited seeing that Riot was going to be revamping her.  On the night of her newest PBE release I played with a few Rioters and told them my feeling how she seemed effective in lane.   Shyvana deals a good mix of damage while being a melee range tank.  Based on hot Shyvana effectively deals AoE damage on basically every ability she needs to stand in the opposing team to be useful. Shyvana's abilities were not changed, only their numbers and effects were.   The problems I see however is what itemizing as and against Shyvana details. Shyvana's E allows you to deal % HP as magic damage per AA.  This damage is almost zero'd out by a purchase of Spirit Visage, a very common item for top-lane champions right now. There is nearly no reason for Shyvana to itemize into Magic Resistance Penetration as items which have these stats do not have components required for an effective build.   As Shyvana you have two options for itemizing yourself. You can either attempt to build for tank in your early game with an item such as Sunfire Cape or a Spirit Visage of your own. Which leaves your damage to being easily countered.  OR you can go for a VampSceptor item, either BotRK or Ravenous Hyrda to maximize your potential to stick to your target or your ability to deal AOE damage and Split push.  This however leaves Shyvana with little in terms of defenses until she his 6 and receives the passive she does rather rely on to be a tank.   Over all, I still enjoy playing Shyvana, but I do see problems with her play in lane. I will certainly look to test your guild myself before I say more...
0	Incoming cool story:   True story: I was swimming in the Atlantic Ocean a few weeks ago, about waist-deep, near an inlet to the intercoastal waterway. Well, after just sitting in place for a while, I turn around and there's this bigass blog shape in the water behind me.   My first thought, naturally, is "SHARK. THIS IS NOW I DIE." So I do what any sensible person would do, and freak out. The thing turns around quick and with one flipper swims off.   Turns out I scared away a manatee who wanted to come say hello. Felt bad for the rest of the day.
1	Hi <pro player> just wanted to say I love your play and good luck in <big upcoming tournament>!   question or gtfo seems rude in a "make me popular" thread   Hey what do you think of <champion> in <unconventional role>? because its true. especially in low elo   Any tips for getting out of Elo hell? l2p retard seems inappropiate   How do I go pro? do you have anything to add to that?   <Witty comment concerning recent play or event involving <pro player>> not a question, so a bit smalltalk seems nice   Which team / player / champion do you hate the most? i dont think its good to say that you hate some teams, and i dont agree with the champ thingy you wrote   What do you think of <competitor pro team>? they are professionals. they cant call a random team bad or sth like that. that always returns back.
1	You lose LP, but you dont lose MMR. You will still be playing with the same tier of people whether you dodge 1 game or 100. LP is also attatched to your MMR, abd after you win or lose, your MMR is adjusted and your LP gains are determined by how close you are to your MMR. So if you get a forced dodge (-3 LP), your next win should rectify your LP deficit, so if you gain 14 LP for that next win, you have gained a net 11 LP, which is what you would have gotten if you won the game you dodged.   This is an oversimplification and works the other way too, you lose 3, then lose a game that costs you 10, meaning a net 13 loss. If you lost the game you dodged, you would have lost the 13 up front.
1	This won't happen.   Most of the important game assets like stats, runes, ability damage numbers and such are held on an external server to prevent abuse from hackers.   If they created an offline client, all of those assets would be open for hackers to exploit and create tools for others from.
1	Is the site going to be completely nonprofit? I feel like it'll be kind of odd that you're getting people to work for you, and you reaping all the ad revenues from the site. I know you can't pay anyone a salary because of all the taxes and all the paperwork you'd have to fill out, but it'd be cool to give out some RP codes every now and then. Not trying to be a downer or anything just a legitimate concern I have. In fact, I'm also interested in helping out so PM me as well.   Edit: and I know you also have to cover the cost of the domain name so that's probably where the majority of the money is going to go
0	Respectfully, I disagree. Many crappy posts conform to their respective subreddit, but I reserve my upvotes for those posts which best exemplify the goal of the subreddit. For example, a goal of Advice Animals is to be funny, so I upvote posts that make me laugh. If a post on Advice Animals is not funny at all or is too confusing, my downvote helps to maintain the subreddit. A "First World Problem" meme may refer to a problem that only those in the first world deal with (and thus fits the criteria of the meme and this subreddit), but if it is neither funny nor engaging, it should not be allowed to rise through the ranks. But I'm no expert, just an enthusiast... I could be wrong.
0	I had a good one while I was in college in a small-ish town.  I was on my way to the DMV to get my license back after it was suspended for a BUI(Boating under the influence). The DMV is on the opposite side of town from the school, I asked the bus driver when she would be back at this stop and she told me the time I then said please don't leave without me I will be here at that time(I had a class).  It was raining that day and the bus stop near the DMV was exposed but you could see it from the shelter of the DMV building.  I had finished my business at the DMV and was waiting for the bus when I see it round a corner 15 mins early.  I start running over to the stop which has nobody at it because she is early and the weather.  But because nobody is there she only stops for a brief second and moves on.  She can see me running and waving my arms at this point, luckily she has to stop at the intersection I am crossing and I make it to the door.  I knock on it fully expecting for her to open it and let me on, she wont even look at me.  I start pounding on the door and yelling please please let me on.  Nope.  She just pulls away while the people on the bus look on apologetically.  I was so angry, that while calling friends looking for a ride and yelling about my experience people were coming out of their business' to see what the commotion was.  Luckily I only had to walk about 3 miles and saw another bus and this driver had a heart and waited for me.
0	As I mentioned, it's likely that there are many genes involved.  Here's an article from last year where a large research group found five genes (aka 'loci', plural of locus) that influence facial structure , one might make the leap to say that genetic deformities lead to asymmetry (and 'ugliness'). Overall health, likely has many thousands of genes involved. But 'outcrossing' is, overall, a good thing. As evidenced by the increase in deformities when incest is involved.   Regarding beauty, we're a complicated species. What some may find abhorrent, others may find attractive. (Example, "rule 34").
0	This is why I've resorted to using my card for everything over here. I grew up in Australia and paid cash for everything, purely because I knew how much I was spending and could get rid of my change in a timely manner. Over here though, you don't have a chance to get the right change out without getting dirty looks for taking too long.
1	I'd say it doesn't look legit, you have to press enter after you check/uncheck a role (no to big of the issue but makes me a little wary) also it seems out dated as it still uses secondary role as a search which riot doesn't do anymore.   >WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT SUPPORT IT WILL BE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY CONTENT RELATED TO PRODUCTS ON THIS SITE.   looks like if it gets damaged on the way they wont do much, also it states you may get viruses from the website and it might not even be that accurate to how the champions look.   >You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Site or the Service. If you are under the age of 18, you must have your parent’s permission to use the Site or the Service   > You agree that LoLomod may at any time without notice: move, change, or suspend any part of the Site or the Service; or refuse to accept your designed character or fulfill any order, or any part of any order if, in LoLomod’ sole discretion, you fail to comply with any of these Terms or if a competent regulatory authority requires us to do so.   So they could claim you didn't have parents permission and refuse to serve you last minuet without telling you if you are under 18.
0	We don't know, but if a group of well studied historians made an educated guess based on circumstantial and physical evidence, considering all other possibilities, it's a bit more reliable than just throwing around other meanings.
1	Suppression was added to the game SPECIFICALLY to be a CC effect that couldn't be cleansed to give the champions in questions reliability in their ultimates.   This was before Riot realized knockups were generally healthier for the game in this regard, and why we haven't need a new champion with suppression since Skarner.   The issue is due to how these abilities are designed, they make changing it to stun a very hard sell because the suppression is what gives them the consistency.     WW and Malzahar do damage over the duration of their ults. If their ults were changed to stuns, what happens? If they have tenacity, do they do the total damage over less time, or do they take less since it's cut short? Suppression means that the answer is clear: It's X damage, over Y seconds, and if they break it with a QSS their ults continue.      I am fully aware that Nasus's wither reaches full duration even with tenacity, which gives some precedent for the full damage over the shorter duration. However, damage and slows aren't the same- abilities that do DAMAGE over time always do it over a fixed interval, and suppression allows for WW/Malz ults to have those fixed intervals.     For Urgot, making his ult suppression a stun would make it affected by tenacity, making the swap time SHORTER and thus making his ult actually more powerful. The ult being a suppression solves this problem.   Skarner is a little bit harder to justify Impale not being a stun. However, the fact that Impale is a suppression results in the Skarner player knowing EXACTLY how far they can drag someone, not having to worry about tenacity. This is less important for catching carries, but it's CRITICAL if Skarner is using his ult to peel for his team.
1	I posted this somewhere else bit it's relevant so I will copy and paste:   I just hit g5 a few weeks ago, I spent a really long time in silver and this is how I got out. The thing that helped me win the most games was playing aoe champs with a really strong lategame/team fight presence. I am a jungle main, so I played a lot of wukong and amumu. I would spend the majority of my time farming so that I could get the items I needed to be a monster in team fights, and I would only really gank post 6 when my ult was up to guarantee kills. There is this weird phenomenon in sliver, where at around 25/30 mins, both teams group up and just spend the rest of the game pushing mid and forcing team fights regardless of team composition/power distribution or what is going in in different lanes. I highly recommend picking up every dragon whenever you can, but I would be really cautious when trying to force baron. Only do baron when the other team is completely dead/preoccupied, or if your team is behind and baroning is your last hope. The other way I got through silver was becoming really good at support. A lot of people discourage low elo players from getting good at support because support has a "low carry potential", but I think that statement is completely untrue. The reason why being a great support is so important in silver, is because there is a 75% chane that the other teams support was forced into their role and have no idea what they are doing, so you can easily snowball Botlane and single-handedly carry the game with your adc. I recommend playing supports with really good engage, I personally exclusively played Braum and Leona. I love Leona because it is really easy to engage on their ad with your e+q+r combo, unlike champs like thresh or Morgana who you have to land a skills shot with in order to successfully engage. I also really like Braum because he had a really good all in, and he is also great at surviving ganks (I'm used to usually being camped when I support because I play so aggressively). Braum and Leona are also really good in team fights! If you are curious about how I build Braum/Leona I usually go relic shield, targons, sightstone, t1 boots, fotm, t2 boots, locket/fh depending in the other team, randuins, banshees veil, ruby crystal. I usually build randuins before bv because I will likely have mercs and possibly a locket, but sometimes I like to buy mobos on Leona and cdr boots on Braum, so I would then get veil before randuins. Another fun thing to do on tanky supports is to get sunfire cape as your 4th item and split push if nobody else is on you team so you can get huge!
1	i don't think you understand. memory leaks occur when memory is allocated on the heap and then not freed, resulting in effectively wasted RAM. memory leaks are the exception rather than the rule when it comes to programming. programs are not shitty pipes that sometimes break and leak, they're mathematical.
0	i find it's older people that say these things. too ignorant to let go of the past. or as some thing of it, the good ol days. i saw a story a couple days ago about a man in missouri that grabbed his waitresses arm (she was black and he was white) and told her he wanted to take her where he hung her grandpa. seriously what kind of sick fuck to you have to be to do something like that.
0	Luckily, am able to be open minded on it enough that i would would even consider it as a tool in the bedroom. SO doesnt seem interested in that and im 100% okay with that too. We are fortunate enough to have a wonderful sex life.   Now, i have been in a relationship with a very poor sex life for various reasons. I MORE than welcomed it if my partner would like to masturbate with use of porn. Id even hope or praise it silently. Nowadays, i would only consider it a tool but NOT to be relied on of course; a healthy sex life is a significant part of a romantically involved relationship.   If my partner needs something and im not in the mood, i dont want to always leave him high and dry. If i am able to (i say able because, for me at least, its important to first be at least in a mental mood even if not in a physical mood to have sexual conduct) i will do what i can to help him out. Whether it be oral, a hand job, be a personal visual stimulus, or PIV sex.   But, sometimes im not in that mental mood and doing something i dont want to do for my loved one can severely put a bad emotional feeling towards sex in general. I've been there with that and it feels like consenting to rape. It then spirals making sex with that person bring up those feelings again and again. DO NOT do this. Not only will it adversely effect your entire relationship but at the end you both are more unhappy than you would have been with out doing anything. In times like this, be honest and open. This is a great time to utilize porn.   Luckily, much of the time when this lack of mental mood occurs, my partner is understanding. He will not push, whine or complain about it. He doesn't get in that shitty grumpy mood punishing you for not forcing your self to perform an act that you do not wish to engage in. If you or your partner does this, you should really stop and talk about it. The personal things I've went through with this was terrible and i wish it on no one. You can PM me if you'd like if you need more info or support on it. I hope this might have been helpful for some one. I do apologize if its not completely clear. I typed it up on my phone.
0	Right, but either way, guns are the source of this.   Gun+ammo=potential for death. Do the math.   Only in the US is this even an issue. Only criminals need guns, so let's take them off the streets and out of houses.
0	I replied to this so it could reach you like, personally:   If this is the case, you don't have a friendship at all, but an inequitable relationship. I kind of think you owe it to the both of you to tell him the truth, and if it doesn't work out, you can adjust your feelings accordingly.   Relationships, be them platonic, romantic, or otherwise, demand parity. Without that, you really have nothing.
1	To be honest, I have a lot of problems against Tryndamere, hence I always ban him in SoloQ. The reason is you have to send 3 people EVERY TIME to top lane if he gets one kill, even if he gets 1/12, you have to send 3 people because he will just farm like a retard and never leave lane while his team is clever enough not to engage. You would then have to send at least 2 people to him making it a 4v3 in the enemies' advantage.
1	I think the idea was to put a cap on the sustained burst of AP casters, yes, cassio, ziggs, brand, anivia, swain, xerath, ahri, everyone.   I play Kennen mid and pre-nerf i have noticed that certain champions become a bit too strong early on, specifically a ziggs that outharassed me out of lane by missing half his bombs after feeding first blood. And a xerath who took blue at level 1 and effectively outfarmed while harassing me to a complete lane feed and loss. Apart from dodging a spamfest of harass skillshots I could see no other option to stay in the game from that one.   The jungle sigils let junglers keep up their mana and the blue nerf stops ap casters from having constant sustained burst with no downside, in effect making burst damage casters overpowered sustain casters.
1	And now I had a game on 1,8k ELO!, in which a guy in lobby wanted to instalock eve + troll roaming and feeding. Somehow I told him that trolling is bannable and he stopped his idea, picked Corki (while we already had Graves) ...went top and lost it, because he couldn't play like not having vision - he was autopushing and let skarner gang him 3 times. We also had a dc karthus till 0;00 to like 10;00! So when he went back, we were loosing so hard that we couldn't stop it I guess.   In such situations/games there should be a "loose forgiven" - for the players in the lost team and elo decrease should be done only to the players who was afk or dc 2+ min... ofc the winning team should get their elo increased. Also there should be a REMAKE + PAUSE options. They are on the tournaments = competetive games, but WHY NOT ON RANKEDS??? AT LEAST ON THE TEAM rankeds...
0	I had an ex do the same exact things. She also once whipped her brand new Iphone down the hall, shattering it in front of 4 other people, and then started to accuse me of breaking it.
1	The funny part is I had to search 3 pages through reddit to find this.
0	I know this is a piss in the ocean, but as an actual constituent of this Congressman, fuck most of you. You're attacking him because he has the money to run for office.   John Yarmuth founded the LEO, the only long-standing free weekly in Louisville that wasn't a corporate shill for some moneyed interest. He replaced Anne Northup, who rubber stamped every-fucking-thing during the Bush administration and was an embarrassment for Kentucky (in a long running tradition - we have Jim Bunning, Mitch McConnell to account for, with Rand Paul voting for horrible things 70% of the time.)   If you're pissed about Congressmen and Congresswomen having enough money, clout, and free time to run for office, feel free to be that way. However, I'm grateful to have a person that I view as slightly better than the lesser of two evils as my local representative instead of the shitheel that preceded him.   nb4 shill account hurr durr paid staffer   I don't use a constant Reddit account for the same reason I don't use Facebook or Twitter. It's only useful for circlejerking and hearing yourself reflected in an echo chamber unless you've got something important or relevant to say, neither of which I usually feel apply.   However, Yarmuth is pretty fucking awesome after years of Northup. Imagine if Grimes actually beats McConnell next year...it's that great feeling of, "Holy shit, somebody whose policy and voting record actually reflects my portion of his constituency," after years and years of horrible, embarrassing, and corrupt shit.   At the very least, the guy came into Congress 5 years ago. I seriously doubt he's as deep in the pockets of Lobby  __  as Anne Northup was. Please stop acting like his wealth somehow makes him some detestable person - especially when he's actually using it to make a difference in MY community, regardless of whether or not it's for PR.
1	You still should leave the ban at only the person's account.  Banning all content was uncalled for no matter the reason for it.  If they don't want to read his articles then they don't need to read it, his content is on a, mostly, credible website in The Daily Dot.  His articles aren't ever anything terrible and for many people seeing it on this sub is the best way for them to find RL's articles.  He typically gets news headlines days or even weeks ahead of other e-sports reporters and the information he provides are valuable to followers of League.   His content is League related, more so that a lot of things that hit the front page, but just because of his cruel remarks we no longer have the same access to his information.
0	XC is infinitely more demanding when you're at it alone. I never envied the clear #1 runner on the team, because nobody could keep up with him. Us slower guys were fairly evenly matched, so we fought to stay together through the bulk of the workout. It's a HUGE psychological benefit to run with a group. With them by your side, you're so much more motivated to stay together and push yourselves. When you're by yourself... well, it's a lot easier to "take a break, slow down and such."
1	Regardless of feelings on either side of the debate, odds are that solo queue is here to stay.  However, rather than its existence being its main fault, I feel the importance placed on solo queue Elo is the true issue.  With enough incentive (special badges, summoner icons, skins, champion design/input opportunities, item naming privileges, etc.), there is no reason ranked 5's should not become the main metric and bragging point within the community.   Furthermore, if the prize pool continues to grow and tournaments for Lol continue to appear (especially smaller scale tourneys), the importance of premade 5's will grow, regardless of the incentives offered by Riot.
0	While it didn't stop her from getting laid that night (and a couple more nights after that), it did stop eventually me from continuing to come back.
1	I've been building botrk, shiv, and lw/hurricane mattering on how much armor the enemy has.   Randuins has not been an issue yet, although I have yet to see people build early frozen heart and randuins, which I'll admit probably poops on your couch.   At the same time, that sets up any mages(duo ap babee) to just wreck the tankline in teamfights/kite fests.   The thing is I 1v1'd an Olaf as adc'because the active allowed me to just stay out of range long enough with Caitlyn scoot'n'shoot, and netgun. Pew pew pew!   They will nerd the active somehow. IMO it will be the movespeed leech being removed or lowered, because it makes not having the item a liability when the other team has gap closers, or has their own botrk adc.
1	I will comment here again with a similar response as I had in one of the Froggen threads.   Being a professional puts you on a pedestal where more is expected of you in terms of both your skill and your etiquette.   Pro players deserve two things from us, a high level of respect for achieving what many of us wish we could but also a high level of scrutiny as the position they have obtained should not be taken lightly.   A professional gamer is essentially the pinnacle representation of gamers. They are the most highly exposed gamers to the public eye as they receive the most public exposure via all forms of press and event coverage.   It is important as a community that the people that represent us to the world act in a way befitting that role. We cannot control their actions nor should we be able to but if a community of individuals impacted by that persons decisions does not like them, they should not hesitate to voice that concern.   On the reverse side there is a lack of respect in voicing those concerns and a childish approach to only exacerbates the problem by creating tension filled emotions on both sides.
0	And that is what makes Reddit different for me and you. I come to this site to get a laugh and learn something new every day. My thinking is simple if I am not learning, then I am just wasting my time, and my times is better off doing something else. Pretty much just an excuse, but it works and gives this site a purpose for me. I do not look for personal gratification. that's why I have not posted anything here...just comment. I know I am not the only one because for a site with so many subscribers, there are way fewer who do post anything or comment.   What it appears to me is that you use this site for "personal gratification", and I am okay with that. The problem comes when your ego gets in the way of me having a laugh or learning something interesting.   People's take on Black History Month is interesting because it's different from mine. This allows me to learn and see where people are coming from. The constant bickering and personal attacks against each other gets in the way and ends up being two people name calling like children on a playground. That is where my issue is.
0	Years ago in Ontario California someone was trying to do this on the left shoulder. I blocked them so they couldn't pass me. They started yelling and brandished a pistol at me. I let them pass and got to the right side of the road rather quickly and was able to exit the freeway and thought I had lost them. Here I am on a side road at a red light when all of a sudden my passenger window gets blown out from a beer bottle that they threw at me when they found me. Funny enough I was 3 blocks from a police station. I called 911 while still on the freeway to make the report of the driver, passenger and their gun. I gave them the license plate number and was still on the phone when they threw the bottle. They sped away on another street and I went to the police station. A month had passed and I contacted the police about the incident and they said the license plate was not registered to that vehicle and they were never caught.
1	because your relfexes begin to slow down as you age. its not that bad for league of legends where you dont need that high of apm or you dont  really need to react that quickly compared to say quake but the effect is still there.   that being said i agree with you about whinning little pro players in north america, but then again they are kids who are riding popularity first and pro gamers second imo. you cannot expect them to act any different. In my opinion this is one of the effects of people creating their own organizations they do not get more solid backing from people who have been doing "esports" more or less for years like dignitas has.   it comes down to. do you wanna be the very best or do you wanna get rich and have a good time playing videogames. this is something new for esports in general the notion you can actually make alot of money even  if you are not fatality ( and he was an enigma for esports). before what two years ago if you were not into starcraft(sc2 more recently) even if you were really fucking great nobody cared but other nerds.   imo lol created something of an esports bubble with so much funding/advertisment/goodmanagment whatever you want to call it that it rocketed the popularity really quickly in a way seen only to a more mild extent in starcraft 2 directly beforehand.  this creates pro's and makes them popular but they may not be the most obessed with being the best or nerdiest about the game. this can be a good thing or a bad thing because on one hand the pro scene is fulll of people who for gamers you can put in front of a camera and it keeps the scene positive. if you had some ubernerds in there you would end up with a shit tiny insular community full of impotent rage barely hidden behind the viel of the internet, but arguably the level of play would be higher.
0	Yeah we have a very small budget and try to work in eating out occasionally. It's never stressful for us we always go at a time that is the easiest for the child. It might change the older he gets and I know I'll have to give the talk before hand as well. But I like taking him and will continue because I know it's part of him learning how to behave in this type of setting early on as opposed to fighting him that much harder when he's 7 &8.   In my own experience I've seen a 12 year old ( cousin) go to a restaurant and act like a 5 year old. Getting up and down and screaming etc because he'd never had to behave in one before. This might be an extreme case because he really was never taught how to behave in any situation.  I never remember an instance where I acted this way. My brothers and I knew how to behave in public and wouldn't dream of acting this way.   Then again if you're not going to want to have a nice relaxing dinner with your family at a restaurant in the future or that's not really what your family does anyway then I guess it wouldn't be beneficial to expose them. But there are ways to have the dinner you want if that's important to you. :)
0	Men and women should be paid equally.   Well then feminists should do some reading.  That 30% wage gap shrinks to less than 2% when you sort job by job and adjust for education, seniority, and hours worked.   Which hand you write with effects your earning power more than your gender.   > military opportunity   Except for the whole "if they were given fair tests, their numbers would drop lower than te current, abysmal, ~13%.   Or- or are feminists in favor of sending literally-unqualified women into situations where they can get, not only themselves killed, but there platoon killed?   > we cannot be drafted   Cute your source for where this goes beyond lip service.  I'll join that protest and sign that petition.  Though, the catch is that you'd have to prove that these were arbitrated by feminist organizations...   > the court system   The court system is, across the board, biased in favor of women.  For every 1 female inmate there are 15 male inmates.  For every 1 year a female inmate gets, her male counterpart gets 2 years- for the same crimes.   Also cite your source for feminists actually doing anything about it.  Because this is 100% an MRA issue and you guys fuckin hate each other.   > paid paternity leave   Mmhm.  These wants and beliefs end at the keyboard.  I want world hunger to end but it doesn't mean shit if I step over emaciated children in the street while I eat my sandwich.   > shamed for having lots of sex.   According to a TIL post yesterday, women slut shame, not men.  Who do feminists blame for slut shaming?  Who do they target with their anti-slut shaming campaigns?
0	oh my god, youre me. Im you. We are each other. The worst part is... I tried to take her to prom. I went all out and not in a cheesey limo way. Rather, I planned an entire day leading up to the prom night. We were always making up games for one another and, at the time, she had a particular predilection for a certain candy that I really liked and always stole from her. Since I knew the combination to her locker, I began my planting a note card with a series of objections in a scavenger hunt style which ultimately lead to a box of those candies and a necklace I had made (not bragging, but really the only thing I was good at in high school was art). She had a lot of fun and she wore it when I picked up her from her house.   Our friends and I had also planned to have a group dinner before prom and then all go together in a friend's band van that was retro fit with benches, chandelier and other such classy decorum. I had made sure to personally cook her favorite meal (with enough for everyone, cuz that was the deal). She bought a pint of my favorite ice cream for us - so that cool... even though I'd do anything for her blueberry pie and she knew that(make the jokes. do it).   after dinner, we ride to the prom and she disappears. I spend the evening dancing here and there, mostly just hanging out with my group of friends and socializing with everyone else. Mean while she cant be bothered to spend a minute with me - not even a dance. I didn't even end up taking her home, she left with someone else.  Well it turns out that she had drank with someone and was too embarrassed to tell me and avoided me. sure. ok. cool. (found out YEARS later, she just blew the dude and then he couldn't get it up later that night) I stopped trying as hard after that... which was great for me. She then tried harder to get me to chase after her, which always worked because frankly she was my best and I was deeply infatuated with her.  The thing is, I knew her since the 5th grade and we were immediately inseparable. We'd been thru a lot and it wasn't until 10th grade that we both realized we had feelings for one another, by that time we were both dating other people. 11th grade, we were both single and then the next two years were just fucked up cat and mouse games. I was the mouse.   Eventually I just stopped talking to her. Broke off all contact.  That is... until we reconnected after she had a heart to hear with me and so I had visited her in undergrad (she was a few hours away at a different university). After her drunkenly making out with several guys and taking one back to her dorm (where i was staying and where my stuff was)... i figure, "sure, ok. she'll finish up and i'll have still have a place to crash".   NOPE. cold night, right around 40's with wind making it feel even worse...and I dont know ANYONE ELSE in the entire small town, its 3am and the bars are closed. It's a small college town and I couldn't find any 24 hour places within walking distance, the house parties were already waking and kicking out people (and its not great from some random drunk/high dude to amble up to a random house and try to pass out in it.)   Eventually, after hanging out by her dorm's door, I snagged the door as someone left. i knocked on her door and asked for my car keys. She didnt answer. I knocked a little louder. she opened the door, covered in a blanket.       "hey sorry! can i get my keys, i can pass out in my car"  "what the fuck is your poblem!?" she slams the door. then the dude she brought back opens it and starts to curse me out as I see her crying in the background. I get pissed and flip out on the guy. Im not a big person (5'10 and 140lbs probably less back then), im not a threatening person... but my family is a family of loud aggressive yellers and i know how to clearly assert my goal. The guy apparently immediately understood that i dont give a fuck who is, unless he raped her... which i doubt since she's apparently known as a giant slut now and that all i want is my backpack and car keys.   A few months after that, she drunkenly confessed her love to me. I couldn't reply. I just walked away. some weeks after that, she had asked that i give her back a guitar amp that she sold me (which she got for free) so her brother could use it... because, "youre not very good at guitar anyway and he needs its for his band".  Last i heard, she had dropped out and was working at a chain of crappy bakery/bistros as a cookie/cake decorator (thaw the frozen cookies/cakes that come in and apply icing).   I've found out that she had successfully sabotages atleast 4 relationships with girls I had dated since senior year of high school. Scumbag stacey had used fake myspaces and facebooks, random voicemails from throwaway phones and rumors upon rumors. Hell, she took middle school love notes I wrote her (when I first had a crush on her - in the 6th grade) and tried to pass them off as very recent mail correspondence). She had also very nearly ended some friendships with my guy friends and did end up getting me fired from two jobs. A few of my close guy friends have also been hurt... like nearly committed suicide hurt ... because of her sociopathic manipulation of people.   Turns out I met my future wife through her and we've been happily married for 8 years. so thank you scumbag stacey, for scaring off the other 4 or 5 girls i had dated and to introducing me to my wife and best friend.
1	What rank are you? I feel you don't play against good opponents, and in regards to your
1	this is my problem with the system too. my mmr was so high i would get 33lp per match, being matched with people in gold1-plat5. But every time i was in a promo series from silver1 to gold5 i would somehow lose. often i would lose 1-2 games in the series due to bad luck such as afkers etc.  Losing one game in a series due to this kind of shit is enough to fail the series. Of course if you play the series enough times you should get promoted in the end, but it just seems like riot want to force us to play a ton of games for no reason. Fail series -> drop in LP, need to win more games to get new promo -> Fail series.  And the best part? I'm being matched against players in high gold/low plat and have to have a winnign series against them just to get into gold5.
0	My grandmother is like this.  She picked my uncle and my mother to be the "bad children" but she made life miserable for her other four children as well.  She lies constantly and without any discernable agenda- she just likes to try to pit her children against each other.  She's a hypochondriac pill seeker.  She berates everyone- as her grandchild I was spared but all the children and in-laws got heapings of "I wish you were deads" and "you're a bitch" (she actually called my mother a bitch in front of everyone at Christmas because my mother took her gift in the Yankee swap).   Each isolated event isn't bad but when you look at the course of thirty or forty years of this, it's enough.  I found out today that she's being shipped to a nursing home permanently.  We all feel very free of her.  My uncle, a very sweet man who's had to live with her shit and finally turned his life around with AA, no longer acknowledges she's alive.  She's never met her great-grandson and never will.
1	I, for one, downvoted you because i think the use of terms like 'fucking pathetic' is more aimed at insulting ppl than at actually contributing to the discussion by pointing out your thoughts.
0	I used to stub my toes frequently  as a teen then sort of grew out of it.   But one morning trying to dash out the door to work, I walked into my desk chair leg. I crumpled. But after sitting and rubbing I thought I was good so I put shoes on and head out. The stairs were awful, and at work the pain and swelling got worse. Normally I'd suffer, but I was supposed to visit NYC for 5 days. The thought of walking that much on this toe made me cringe so off to urgent care I went.   No break, bad sprain, and the good doc was kind enough to teach me the best wrap for walking and sent me off with good meds.   Here's the interesting part. I get to the hotel the next night, and of course I'm in agony. But I figured I would soak my foot before taking drugs. The hotel we stayed at was a great bargain called The Leo House. It's an old Catholic monastery and still run by nuns, and a very lovely chapel for services. Also its early spring so the tap water is icy. I soak till I'm numb, write in my journal, then fall peacefully asleep. Next morning zero pain but I wrap the toe up for safety.  But midway through our first outing I have to take it off. I walked the rest of the time with no pain. Bruised all to hell, zero pain.
0	I think they mean it in the Socratic sense that by admitting they know nothing they, in turn, can at least know that.This understanding of intellectual limitations makes them more intelligent than the average person by default as the average person knows nothing, but didn't even know it.
1	Lissandra is just a perfect example for his so called "toxic gameplay", not getting in range of that r skill is not an easy task since she has a high range engage, I'm not saying that Liss is too strong, I was just trying to say that there are other champions with "toxic gameplay", where you have to buy QSS, I think riot should just buff cleanse a little bit, because buying QSS delays your build a whole lot.
0	I was an electrician out of high school. Got laid off, went through my savings looking for work (it was a good sized egg), and eventually gave up my union benefits to go back to school (after I had gone broke).  Gonna graduate in May with about 7K in debt.   You're also forgetting that a majority of electricians (at least in the US) have to travel around the country to where the work is, are subject to 10-12 hour work days (sometimes 7 days a week depending how tight the schedule is) which doesn't bear well for personal relationships, and are subject to the elements while working.  And that half of every Friday depends on on the labor agreement that the Local Union you're working for has in place (which varies from region to region).
1	you shouldn't ban guy for life cause he said fuck you few times.   Your bias is so fucking ridiculous. You are completely misrepresenting the case. He did not just say fuck you a few times, he ruined thousands of games for people and got permabanned several times. If he wasn't someone skilled enough to become a professional player, you wouldn't give two shits about him.   Also, stop comparing real sports to E-sports. They are very different and trying to use an example like that makes you look like an even bigger ass.   In real sports, if they decide to ban someone, imagine the paperwork that they will have to go through to ban someone like Suarez? His lawyer, the club and the club's lawyer would be protesting against his ban, and the club is able to actually affect the league by refusing to play any games.   More over, Suarez could easily leave the EPL and head over to La Liga, which is run by a different football association and therefore may choose not to uphold his ban.   In E-Sports, Riot controls everything, because in the terms and conditions it is already stated that Riot has the right to ban anyone, and there is substantial proof that he broke several of the terms in the T&C. Riot is able to prevent this guy from playing completely, whereas in real sports any player could easily move to another country and play there.   Incarnati0n is also unable to do anything to adversely affect Riot, apart from writing some sob story on reddit about how unfair his life is.
1	Tell em: "if you don't gank dont farm jungle but take dragon. Try ganking later after dragon. When you dont gank explain us why and wwe will do our best in order to give you the option to gank"   I dont really have this problem because i am the jungler 90+% of the time but when i am not jungeling i know what to donin order to make jungler gank. And really the stypidest thing to do is putting preasure on him. When you spam gank and help he want come most of the time. He will come when he feels like. If you "force"him coming he wont come whole game and play whike you are muted. Tell this to your team as well.
0	It is how it works.  You are graded on mastery, not answers.  If you want to know why, when you get to college, ask them about their accreditation standards for your degree.  They have to have the information readily available.  Let me explain:   So for different fields of study.  Each area of study has a nationally, and often internationally, recognized accreditation board.  Having gone to an engineering school, I know that for most engineering degrees, it is ABET (Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology).  You want your school to be accredited, because it tells employers that your degree you earned is worth more than the paper it is written on.   To standardize accreditation, the boards set up a long series of skills that every student should have mastered by the time they earn their degree.  To accomplish this, the school splits up these skills among all the classes they require you to take.   So yes, in the end, you are graded not on the answers you give, but your mastery of the skills that employers have deemed important to entry level hires, that they have communicated to the school through the accreditation board.   High schools follow this same model because they are often accredited too (usually by state or regional boards), and because those are the skills you need to master to be successful at college.
0	The sharp crash we've experienced is more pronounced than cyclical corrections. The market is not at equilibrium right now. We both agree that oil will rebound, but I don't think it'll take more than 2 years. It's highly likely that oil will rebound in 2015 to at least $70 if not $80, and likely $90-100 the year after that.   A lot of people have correctly mentioned the supply side of this (lower prices hurt unconventional plays, which account for almost all of the recent growth) but the demand side of the equation is perhaps more important.   Lower oil prices induce demand. They induce new driving, they encourage the sale and use of energy-intensive vehicles, they induce energy consumption in other sectors, and they affect land use. Inducing demand for cars also has impacts on land use (increased suburbanization) which leads to yet more demand for cars (positive feedback).
0	I was learning to drive years ago, I learned to save gas you can let your foot off the gas and let the car slow itself down when approaching a stop sign. I was going 40mph down a 45mph single lane road, about 300ft(stop sign is ~400ft) from me is a kit of pigeons! I proceed to not hit the brakes thinking they will move, I am pretty far away for them not to notice me. At 200ft, they are still there. 150ft still there, I am thinking these are some ballsy motherfucking pigeon. At 100ft, I wonder how many birds get run over by cars each year. Now at 50ft, I decide that I am doing evolution work by killing these non car fearing pigeons! just before impact, I glance down to see how fast I am going. I start to break at the point they were standing, and I reach the stop sign to glance in the rear view mirror only to see a plume of feathers cascading down from where I struck the one remaining pigeon with my car.
1	The problem is there is no way to report someone for being just retarded that will end up with something actually happening. I mean you can report someone for being unskilled, but what happens there? NOTHING.   To further elaborate let me use an example from one of my games earlier today. 0-9-8 Support Heimerdinger. This guy was like 4th pick on the team and said he would play support. All of us are happy with that then he picks Heimer. There was strike one. He gets in game and maxed turrets FIRST. Strike two. Then he proceeds to feed the enemy Twitch kill after kill by over extending. Strike three. All the while he never spoke in chat never a word. Would occasionally ward but in a 30 minute game no more than 5 total. Had one support item, a locket of the iron solar, so he wasnt really supporting the team at all. And in general he was a massive weight on the team.   Using this example, I reported the guy for feeding because that was by far the worst thing he was doing. He had No map awareness, and was in general a horrible player. However, he never spoke in game and would not cooperate with the team. I could have reported him for that, as well as being unskilled, IF there were an option to actually have something happen to the guy for being unskilled.   What I mean is that, when you report someone for being unskilled, that something actually happens to them to let them know they are unskilled. A simple email report card after , say 10 reports for being unskilled, that states "You have been reported X times for being an unskilled player. These are the champions you were playing when reported. You might want to practice a bit more if you want to be of better help to your team." I know that isnt the nicest of ways to put it but you get the idea. Furthermore, for those people who are reported for being unskilled a LARGE number of times, they need to be placed in their own special queue or removed from rank for a few days, and they must play a certain number of normal games, in order to return. This would promote people actually learning and getting better, and keep the brain dead people out of ranked.   Just an idea though. I could write up a more formal, and nicer description of things if people find this idea to be worth exploring.
0	I want you to know you're not alone. All I can think of is if Supercuts is a place that cuts hair, then they either have a haircut called the "apple" or they all use Apple products.  If it's the former, then the "apple" haircut must be very, very popular, and the employees do not like to cut it over and over. If it's the latter...I guess they all REALLY like Apple computers and they go crazy over them?
0	You get a gold medal for mental gymnastics for somehow differentiating not noticing something with something not being immediately obvious. Let me break it down for you so that you can quit puking up identity/victim political dogma: 1. There are racist, discriminatory people of every race, gender, age, creed, ethnicity, national origin located all over the world. 2. Some of them will give you a hard time for no reason at all, other than they just don't like you for some accidental reason, i.e. your skin color or maybe the color of your shirt. 3. Some people won't like you because they're jerks. 4. Some people won't like you because you're a jerk. 5. In the end, if the negative people make you feel bad about yourself, it's because YOU are weak-minded. 6. Most of the time, your personal successes and failures are just that: personal. There isn't some bogey man keeping you down or lifting you up.
0	Actually, unless there are particular and unique circumstances, staying under the doorframe in a house is not an ideal place to be when an earthquake hits. Ideally, you want to hide/duck underneath a sturdy object, oftentimes a table or similar structure. Do not attempt to hide next to a bed praying for the "triangle of life" either.
1	Yeah, I'm just going to clear up some key things that you didn't. First off, the 3 man gank on bottom took both summoners away from WT and Lustboy, while Kiwi and CoreJJ still had both of their summoners. This is a huge advantage in the fight. On top of this, Gamsu helps clear the wave at the tower faster, and Kiwi preps a wave for CoreJJ, causing WT to lose a wave to his tower, letting CoreJJ get within 10cs (nothing WT could really do about this).   Getting to the actual match up now. Morg/Sivir vs Corki/Thresh is not in favor of Morg/Sivir. It depends on when the match up is, pre 6 is Morg/Sivir, after 6 it's Corki/Thresh. Being that WT/Lustboy had no summoners pre 6, and Cloud was spotted down bottom pre 6, means they can't go very aggressive, on top of all that, Sivir just isn't very good aggressive vs Thresh lantern and valkyrie (Morg binding being the only real way to lay down damage, but thresh can shield and pull with lantern).   Then the 2v2 fight happens, which WT played very badly (shouldn't have went back in when Lustboy got hooked). Even though it was split 1 for 1, Corki gets a kill off it, and more time in lane. This is an actual win for Dig bot lane at this point. At this point in the game, the lanes are even, and we are hitting lvl 6 (Dig's advantage).   It's at this point that TSM decides they want to play for late game, and starts just playing passive, so that Corki will have small amount of gold for the mid game. Another 2v2 in the bottom lane that TSM loses 1 for 0. 3 man gank following that to kill WT. A big thing people didn't really notice is that almost all of Dig's vision is on bottom, which TSM knows, and thus doesn't really gank bottom. However, Azir is hard to gank (and is losing the CS war anyway) and Dyrus was already behind, and thus hard to gank for as well (along with Rek'sai being hard to gank).
1	Yeah, I laughed my ass off watching, but I totally understand how it might have been weird/annoying to people who didn't know Dyrus. Also Jiji seemed genuinely annoyed by it? Not sure.   The way I see it: Dyrus understood that he had a LOT of fans there at the event, and he was engaging in what we like to call fan service. Maybe he took it a little too far, but honestly I prefer people who try too hard to be fun over people who stand there awkwardly and barely open their mouth.   In related news, I cannot wait for my first chance to interview Dyrus. TSM interviews are always a tricky thing. If you want a really chill, nice guy, you go for xpecial. If you want some actual insight and maybe a funny interview, you take Chaox. And if you want to get the crowd hyped up, you take Regi. (I have very little experience interviewing Oddone and, in the past, RainMan). I feel we now have a team with a lot of really good interview candidates.   This is actually a harder problem than you would think. Teams like, say aAa, you have a real problem to pick a candidate. sOAZ claims he doesn't speak English (he does), Linak and Yellow never want to do interviews (although Yellowstar is brilliant when you do force him to do it), so that leaves you with MoMa and nRated who both aren't really in the oldschool core of aAa. nRated is the most solid interviewer, but you don't always want to use the same guy.
1	Wait, wait, wait.   I just wrote more than 2 paragraphs, and you didn't respond with "
1	I just dislike people who say "gg" without meaning it in the slightest. (As in "lol gg noobs l2p")   Also it's pretty annoying when people say "gg" preemptively. They ace our team and take out an inhib and just go "gg." I've had so many games where they pushed into our base, said "gg," then we turned around and aced them and won.
0	Well, since Nintendo is the current hot topic, let's google 'Nintendo CEO salary'   Brings up this 'old' result from 2012:  Showing that this very same President (CEO) has cut his salary before. His salary then was just over a million dollars a year (as after the 67% cut this link was referencing, he was down to $566k/year.) So unless something has changed (I can't find anything quickly on google that said he got a pay increase after his salary slash for the year was over with) he had a little over a million dollars a year for his salary before he did this current slash.   That's for Nintendo, a company that (according to this link,  EARNED about $100 million between March and December. Earned, ie: Profit. Total revenue for the company, according to that same link, was about 4.8 billion (doing a google search of 499.12 billion yen in USD showed 4,883,390,080)   So basically,
0	Oh, please. I went to school in Texas, in the 70s. Two of our high school history teachers considered the Bible to be a valuable source. They would keep one in class. I was just ornery enough, I would reference Persian or Native American creation stories in world history. It was fun to turn it sideways and in the interim, I learned so much about other cultures.   In science, I don't even remember evolution being an argument. GPS in middle school was an intro to geology and biology. It was pretty hard to argue with a statement such as, "Under current carbon dating methods, and our current understanding of isotope decay, scientists think..." and then provide proof. I wasn't going to get into the argument, mostly because I don't care. Besides, when I was a kid, dinosaurs were supposed to be reptiles that dragged their tales. Plate tectonics was a new concept. I never thought anyone knew it all.   While you're putting down Texas' education system, you should know that Texas is a big state and has some excellent programs. I sent my daughter to Texas schools and she received a great education. I also knew all her teachers, the administrators, and I was a very vocal parent. I wouldn't let that crap go; as a student, or a parent.
1	Well, I cannot speak for vVv on this matter, however, as a caster this is one of the most organized events I've seen.  Also, the format is totally different from any of the other standard, not so large, tournaments out there.  This tournament is pretty individualized while giving you a chance to play with people on a consistent schedule while being semi casual.
1	I'm eating my words, hard.  I said Dyrus is a middle to lower-middle Top Laner in NA this split...   If my memory serves me, my Top Lane Rankings (Pre-Summer S4):     Ackerman (Godlike)     Balls     ZionSpartan     Quas     Dyrus     Seraph       7-8.  Who even goes here? (Yeah, not a fan of Innox or Westrice).   I'll eat my words.  They taste sour but Dyrus has proven himself time and time again.
0	Well, it is my belief then, that you are an idiot.  You not voting is you forfeiting your right to do so.  You are willingly giving up that right because you don't agree with a two-party system?  Well, as an American, I'd damn well rather live here and vote on two career politicians who take corporate corruption into their hearts to reach their position than move to a country who doesn't allow me any say in my governance.   I do agree that it sucks.  Having just 2 parties to choose from forces a lot of compliance and a lot of compromise, but it's also very difficult to uproot a political system that has been in place for so long and that has been widely accepted by the general populace, especially when that populace takes a similar stance to you and refuses to attempt to make a difference.
0	No one makes languages so that they are harder. Languages aren't like a painting, book, movie, etc. You don't sit down and say, "I'm going to make a language and make it logical/illogical," unless you're Tolkien or Zamenhof.   Languages as we speak them today are the products of many years of change, exposure to other (often very different) languages, and the mass migrations and invasions of different cultures and peoples, not to mention shifting technologies that require names and in turn affect the language (Does anyone else use Google to google something?). Look at the changes in English because of its exposure to French and Latin - you could refer to paladins, riders, and cavaliers all on the same medieval battlefield, using words of Latin, Germanic, and French origin in one sentence. Technically, you could have a paladin, rider, and cavalier all on the same horse, because before they took on different cultural meaning, they could all refer to the same thing. Of course a language gets weird when it has other languages (with their own words and rules) edging into its territory. And such is the nature of all languages, not just English. There's a reason that many languages have their own overseeing bodies to maintain linguistic "purity," Sisyphian though the task may be.   Also, there are rules in English that made much more sense a millennium ago. As times passed, we dropped some of the rules, and suddenly we have confusing leftovers from a different system (who/whom, for example). Spellings are messed up partly because the printing press entered England from Germany, which didn't have letters to represent some sounds in English. One can see different presses in England churn out different spellings that took a long time to reach a standard. The problem is, we "froze" our spelling in time while the pronunciations changed. The "gh" ending in "plough" used to pronounced, so at one time that wasn't a confusing spelling. Americans did end up updating that spelling to "plow." Most spellings haven't been updated, and that is especially true in British English. The rules for spelling and grammar don't keep up with the generational or regional shifts in language. Look at the Upper Cities Vowel Shift in the U.S.   Finally, do you think languages seem arbitrary? That's exactly right. They're arbitrarily constructed to represent everything around us  and  the ideas and things that we come up with. Or is that, "the ideas up with which we come?" Thanks for that tricky "rule," Dr. Johnson. Writing is doubly arbitrary - somebody literally did try to make that construction. Nothing we say magically perfectly represents the thing it stands for. Nothing we write would magically make sense to an illiterate speaker of the language we are writing in. We are trained to speak our language (not really, but it's way too complex to explain, and a bit controversial), and we are trained to write. Humans are complex, humans change, and humans make errors. As a projection of our species, language should be expected to be so, too.
1	Do we really want esports pros to behave the same as sport pros, and stop interacting with the community, just so we can flame them?   That is the biggest issue, esports are unique in the fact that there is almost no seperation between the pros and fans. You can meet/talk to and even play with pros on a daily basis. I don't think criticism and even flaming will go away, and although I think pros should be able to handle it, a likely way for them to deal with twitter/reddit harassment will be to not return to those sites in the future. I really enjoy the fact that I can ask a pro something on twitter and have a decent chance at them answering or at least responding.
1	The problem with using a bot to ban phrases being said is it effectively kills the rivalry all together in chat.  You send the message that trash talk and competitive supporting of your region/team/player is not allowed.  I think Twitch could do well to implement a multi-chat option.  This would allow any streamer to divide topics of discussion, allowing trash talkers to continue doing so with other people wanting to trash talk, while those wanting to discuss game analysis can chat in their own trash talk free room.
1	He didn't just bring it back up after years of promising he would. When he did, he completely wiped out much of the database / forums containing private developer forums for heroes and items. Many of those champions are in League today (like Teemo.) He refused to acknowledge it even after many old DotA developers gave proof and simply said fuck you to the community again.   That's why people were pissed at him. He had stolen the ideas of many and even though he used them in his final game, he gave no credit to the people who created those ideas (something IceFrog or any other developer with respect to the community would do.)   Basically an example of the outrage from creators I am talking about:   infinitevox  >Oh thanks, THREE YEARS LATER. Oh well, now I can finally prove that I was the creator of: Teemo & Rammus > >And that your Dev team went through the DotA hero/ability/item suggestions and RAPED it for ideas for your game. Thanks so much for that. A little credit would have been nice, but instead you took the forums down so no one would know what you did, and even if they did know, they'd have no proof. > >Sad thing is, you were always nice to me. We'd play games with DevilsUrethra, ReposoEternal, GranDgrant, and a slew of other fun folks. Then you turned feral on us when you decided to make LoL. > >As petty as it may seem, some of us TDA and DotA1 Beta members know everything you actually did and have a long memory. There are a handful of us that know exactly how hard you really did try and screw Ice, and how hard you screwed us TDA/Beta members over. Now that we finally have access to the archives, we have the proof we need. > >Most people think you're a dick now, just wait till we start plastering the screenshots of the old forums where you plundered and pillaged our ideas and hard work for your game, and gave no credit or love back in return.   He took down one of the biggest gaming forums with a HUGE community (maybe more than this subreddit) just so he could have another source of inspiration just by grabbing whatever ideas other people had.
0	Yeah, exactly. I'm not going to judge the OP or this other person either way. I do empathize with OP's feelings, and I think he's allowed to feel whatever he feels, but the crazy assumptions and extreme judgments on part of other Redditors here strikes me as really short sighted.   OP mentions further down the thread that he and his wife have been separated for 6 months. Does that change anything? I don't know. For me I still have very little information and I'm not going to make a judgment, but I think that piece of information would have probably affected other people's assumptions. Has this wife been cheating on him for 6 months or longer? Or did she not go out on a date until this recent Saturday, after a whole 6 months of separation? What what their relationship like? Who knows, man. And even if the OP answers everything here, we only get his side.   So I guess
1	Every strat listed here is used in League, we just call it something different or it is executed in a slightly different way. Let's make some comparisons.   4 protect 1 . This is similar to what CLG does sometimes with Doublelift (even though he claims they don't). Let's take an example of a team comp that does this: Vayne, Thresh, Cho, Zac, Orianna. This comp doesn't mean only one champion gets farm, it just means that when there is a choice who gets farm, the 1 gets it. The focus is getting Vayne super big and everyone else peels for her, letting her shred through the enemy.   Hard Push . Unless you just joined the League scene, you have seen this used for a while internationally. We just call them push comps. It's part of the reason why teams swap lanes to get a 2v1, to push down a turret, get an early dragon, and snowball from there. Granted, it is a little different in that a push comp team doesn't have to win by 20 minutes, but the basic concept is the same: get early global gold and snowball the game.   Split Push aka rat doto . Usually in League, we consider split push 1 and 4 - one champion pushes one lane and the other four push another. But it can also be 1-3-1 or 2-2-1. The latter is less popular, but it isn't too uncommon to see a Zed pushing one lane, Shen in another, and then the other three in a lane as well. It's almost a given that if Shen or Zed is on your team, you will be doing a split push at some point in the game.   Tri Core . To see this in League, take away the LoL designations and use the Dota ones. For example, ADC = 1, Mid = 2, Top = 3, Jungle = 4, Support = 5. Now you judge them based on who is the farm priorities, not lane positions. Let's take a look at a TSM team comp and see how this works (TSM vs. Dig, week 8 LCS) and give them Dota designations. Turtle was on Graves, there's your 1. 2 and 3 are pretty interchangeable (which isn't out of the ordinary in Dota either), we had Dyrus on Jayce and Regi on Kassadin. Oddone was on Nasus, there's your 4, and Xpecial had Thresh in the 5 position.   This team comp has 3 main carries, 3 champions you need farm on to do well, 3 main damage dealers, etc etc. Graves, Jayce, and Kassadin are your tri core, Nasus and Thresh the supports. Nasus gets farm to be tanky, but not at the detriment of one of the cores, and Thresh inherently is not an easy champion to pick off (compared to other supports like Zyra or Janna). Put a Philo Stone on him and there is his farm.   Global Ganks and/or Team fight . Once you hit 6 on some champions, globals become very scary and coordinated teams get aggressive. I don't think I need to explain why TF, Shen, Ashe, Nocturne globals can be very scary.   > I knew mostly everything except for the strats, really wish there was more of that in league tbh   It IS there, you just need to look at it a little differently. Apply the terminology from Dota to LoL or vice versa and you will see the similarities. I used to think the games were very different too, but I did some quick study before TI3 so I could understand what was going on and I realized that they are both MOBAs with the same goal and same fundamentals - it is the nuances and execution that are different.
1	This is something that a lot of teams have started doing. It really goes back to the old sustain farm bot lane and why it was so successful.   If bot lane can just sit in lane and farm with wards to make sure they're not going to be ganked, it just becomes a farm fest and pointless for a jungler to go there.   This makes mid or top. If you have a mid with good escapes / high mobility, it means you don't have to baby sit their lane either.   So what the Jungler will end up doing is just camping top and making one person their target and making them useless (low levels or just making them scared to get into a fight).   It worked every time TSM did it and it works when teams like MM and m5 did it was well. Which is why I cringed everytime I saw a jungler other then m5 pick mundo, they don't Gank well with them and he becomes useless is team fights.
0	I remember this one night when I was in 8th grade... Ok, so here is some background on me. I used to sneak out in the middle of the night to go hang out with friends and get high and stuff. This one night, we were out and about, and we saw this guy just laying on the side of the road... we assumed he was drunk. Anyway, what are a bunch of little shit heads to do when a man is passed out on the side of the road? We pissed all over him... I feel guilty about that. So maybe this law is what is stopping people from getting pissed on all the time.
1	oh this is easy. when you get that foreign guy (im not racist) who is not doing well and hasn't said a word all game. but then that fateful moment when you question him running to their team alone..and he responds with...   "stfu noob"   FUCK YOU FOREIGN GUY. it's only when the foreign guy says it to. anyone else could call me a noob and I won't mind..but when that foreign guy says it, it just gets to me for no reason.
1	DUDE! Go read the picture YOU posted. With the Support Escalation Team member. The one with the karma pic. He clearly corrected the first support member's mistake, and then clearly explained to you that LP decay has been in effect since the beginning of season 3, and therefore cannot be reverted. I think I read it just fine. Maybe you should read your own posts?  >
1	I saw somewhere else in this thread suggesting tags and I agree with having stream advertisements be tagged and limit the posts that are solely stream advertisements. Along side with this id allow people to post their own stream in their other self posts that have a video of their own gameplay in the body of the text where the focus of the post is the video but it also says hey here's my stream if you enjoyed that. They wouldn't gain karma for the video post but they might gain viewers for their stream while providing quality content to the subreddit like montages and highlights.
1	That was the Link game ever!    Link lost the game because Link.
1	The main reason Amumu (and similar champs) faceroll bronze is that nobody knows how to recognize all but the hardest of initiations.  They win because they can actually start fights on out of position targets; for starters, in Bronze at least one person is out of position somewhere on the map at any given time, so you can always get your team fed.  As well, few people are dense enough to be eluded by "big mummy ult means I go in" when compared to less obvious spells.
1	Agree on that one. There's not much to expand on terms of "comedy" regarding League, since League by itself is a limitative factor on comedy.   So it's refreshing and enjoyable when content like the
1	If you go back and watch him Pre-C9, he was an absolute Beast on Pulse/ Dig's B-team. Best Draven NA behind like QTpie I guess.   I intentionally watch Sneaky a lot during team fights to see what makes him so good, and it's really what makes C9 so good. He's constantly shooting someone while maintaining good positioning. In addition, he's never afraid to get shots on higher priority targets, even if they're not as close.   What's that, Renekton with full armor build is in my face? Well, I have life-steal and won't take that much damage from him, I'm free to shoot the mid-line and then worry about that tank later. He does this so well and stays so safe, his KDA is insane.
1	On or after an episode of sotl starsorrow said there was a translady in this tournament. They did voice verification (which is shitty because if you aren't on e your voice could easily jot change :( ) So
1	Christina Vee did an OK job hosting IPL4. It wasn't great but I imagine that is a really tough thing to do. I love how this interview touched on some of the akward moments she had on stage. It should only make her a more talented and confident hostess.
0	Men are less vocal about it. They are as likely to gain from promiscuity as they are to loose from it. If women are more likely to sleep with more than one person, they are more likely to get laid by a woman that sleeps around. The only downside is that another man could father the children he intends to raise with the woman he is with. Women however, are more likely to want less competition, since higher promiscuity means that when other females are successful in finding a mate they continue to be competition for the best mates, and also makes males less likely to support a monogamous woman. This is good for guys, because the higher competition makes for more extreme selection for better traits, and lets more guys get laid. It fucks with the whole current system, though, since guys wouldn't be shackled to the women they are with, because women being promiscuous means that men can be too, and promiscuous people have less incentive to support any single partner.
0	The first time i was hit from both sides during a lacrosse game and the way i braced for one hit along with the inability to absorb the hit, due to the other person, caused it to break then the second time i was pushed from behind but I was pushed on a downhill and landed shoulder first on an uphill, also playing lacrosse
1	There was a huge thing on the whole deal about a shadow-ban. He was in the staff or something from what I read and he's supposed to help promote atleast 10 other people or comment on their stuff. I don't know man but there was enough posts to make everyone understand what happened there. Why are you digging out buried bones.
0	I think as a father, you can kind of tell when you first see your baby. I've always been sketch about supporting kids that aren't mine. The instant I saw both of my children; no question. My daughter was literally my mini me and my son looked like if my daughter was half her mom's kid. If that makes sense. Lol.
0	If you're going to get picky, then get picky.  Depending on how you measure pregnancy duration and what source you cite, average human gestation time is about [275-283 days]( with weak evidence that [first-time mothers tend to fall on the longer end of that range](   Here's the big trouble, though: "month" is not a consistent unit of measure, since months can be anywhere from 28-31 days long.  An  average  month is 30.44 days long, making an average pregnancy somewhere between 9.03 and 9.30 "months" long.  So "10 months" is really anywhere from 1.075-1.107 pregnancies long.  Or, instead of taking  average  months, you could look at real possible months, which would expand this range.
1	To whom it may concern, First, I’ll post my credentials. Then, I will talk specifics. My in game name is; obey the frog My top rating for season 1 is 1310. I currently have 400 + wins in normals, and 170+ wins in ranked with close to that amount in losses.   I Currently Play: @Top Solo - Cho, Singed, Morgana, Brand, Gangplank   @Dedicated Jungler - Amumu, Udyr, Fiddle, Gangplank   Amumu has been my main for quite some time. I currently have 200+ wins on this champion and 2 Quadra kills to my name, but unfortunatly in normals, and a 61% win rate in ranked. The next 3 I almost constantly play because of how much fun they are, and always jungle. I have a good record on Udyr in season one ranked, 60% win rate. I have been playing Fiddle and GP much more in arranged 5 normal games than ranked and I am confident in both. Currently I've yet to be out-smited in my last 50 games at least, while jungling. It doesn't happen.   Giant wall of text-
0	Seems to be split 50/50 lol   Also just as an addendum, I would like to point out how flawed our education system is as a whole. One of the most brilliant kids I ever knew was a kid in High School, but he had one huge thing going against him: he was hispanic. He grew up in a neighborhood with awful public middle schools and came into high school poorly equipped to handle the material. He still did great, which is a testament to him and his now going to community college. If this kid had had the same quality of middle school education I did and was equipped coming into high school the sky would have been the limit for him. It still is, it will just take longer due to the fact that our public education sucks and he was never provided the tools he needed to excel. Fucking brilliant kid though. What school you go to isnt indicative of how smart you are, there are tons of other factors.
1	Well that is easy to prove (somewhat). This is one word where the general definition can be misleading. Common knowledge often defines a sport as a physical activity that requires someone to work hard in order to accomplish something. That is almost saying that you can't say you did sport if you didn't shead a sweat (Not saying LoL Pro's don't sweat in competition...I am sure it smells on that stage). That is simply not true.   There are two aspect to defining a "Sport"; Competition and Skills.   Competition  First of all there is no such thing as a competitive sport; the word sport implies competition. If you are not competing it's an activity. Then again, there are many ways to define competition. If I go running outside by myself (or with a person or a group), you might say I am doing an activity (since I am not competing), but if I run against someone (or even time), you can call it a sport. There are different many ways to see and define it.   Skills  Another misleading word, Skill, doesn't necessarily mean being good at something, but a "Precise Movement". This could mean a lot of things; a kick in soccer, a pass in hockey, shooting an arrow, etc. Those are a few obvious once. Let me ask you this. Would you consider moving a pawn in chess a precise movement...some would (that is where the dilemma of what is a "sport" to this day).   Conclusion (Finally, Fawk)  Let’s take this further; not just LoL, but e-sports in general.   Competition:  No need for a long explanation, ABSOLUTELY!   Precise Movements:  Moving a curser with a mouse might seem too easy to be considered precise  for most, but even selecting a folder on your desktop can be considered a precise movement. The hand-eye coordination required to play any video game competitively is beyond precision. So yes, definitely, gaming requires precise movements.   EDIT: You Probably got it if you Read all of it, but I forgot to formally say it.   Competitive Gaming is a Sport, no doubt in my mind....unless they change the fuckin definition again...
1	I have carried myself from depths of ~900 elo during season 2 all the way to 1318 right before the end of the season. When season 3 started i got placed Silver V. This season i have moved up to Silver II with the occasional troll in every ~20 games and have had a fair amount of people who just non-stop flame other teammates during games.   During the rise through Silver II to my promo to Silver I i won 6/7 games to get to 100 points. Two of those games were come from behind wins with the worst being behind by 12 kills(5-17) but ended up winning because my team didnt give up and the other team's fed Malph and Riven kept trying to fight our entire team and ended up throwing the game.   Those 7 games i had some semi toxic teammates but nothing terrible. My first game for Silver I promo i was matched with 2 Gold V's, 2 Silver I's and me. I have never played a more toxic game in my entire life. Worse than any game in the 900 elo range and whenever i play on a smurf with my friends who are still learning the game. Within 5 minutes of the game starting i had three of my teammates(both Golds and one of the Silver I's) bitching at each other calling them noobs and saying they suck, constantly talking in all chat to the other team about each other, stealing buffs, refusing to team fight, and just anything to be a cunt.   The very next game was the exact same thing. I didn't even get a fucking chance to win my promo even though in the second game i was winning my lane. My teammates had already "thrown" the game by berating one another incessantly since champ select.   Both games were surrendered at around 25 minutes 4-1, me being the no vote both times.   Fuck all this high school drama bullshit. I didn't deal with it 8 years ago and i certainly am not going to start caring about how much you think our jungle sucks or how much you get camped mid without wards while constantly pushing your lane so your jungler doesn't even have a chance.   /rant
1	I'm not a pro player or even near that, but i'm a Diamond 1 EUW player and I enjoy smurfing a lot.   I can hold up to 80% win ratio up to low diamond 1 level and getting RNG:d on promotion series is just really dumb.   I just failed my plat V-->III because of 2 unlucky games as you can see here:
1	In IPL there was this commercial with Chauster talking about how people are afraid of thinking outside the box, that they don't "challenge the meta" and only play the way that is "accepted". He mentioned bot lane as an example, that no one plays bruisers bot against AD + support even though bruisers win that lane. I very much agree with what he was saying, and I've been trying to point out these things myself many times to my friends and on the forum. Champions like Shyvana, Urgot, AD Kenne etc. where looked upon as weak, and were never played, until a team won a tournament with them. Now recently you can see Vayne as an example of this. Basically never played since nerf, Doublelift played her and now suddenly people think of her as viable and really good again. I wanted to hear your output on this mindset I guess you can call it; do you agree with me on that it exists and if you do, how do you think it affects the overall progress of gameplay in League? What things do you think could actually change, like champions, summoners, setups, lanes etc.? Because in games like HoN the meta is more flexible, there are a lot of different ways to arrange your lanes for instance, a thing that is very stagnant in LoL.
1	It's not only Items. Just compare season 2 masteries and those of season 4. I dont want to go full nostalgia, but back then you had some masteries, which allowed you some creativity in play.   [Season 2 Masteries](   Just look at it, it has way more options for utility, than just raw stats. For example you had the chance to take the 6 dmg to minions masterie and try to proxy farm on lv1 the wave and then go and annoy the oposing jungler. Not only that the items/masteries lack creativity, also the runes have way too high costs. For somebody who is playing 3-4 games a day, its impossible to try out diferent runes. Nobody will ever buy energy runes, so we will never get to know, if those maybe are useful. Furthermore the changes, which reduced snowballing, were way to heavy. In addition to having higher hp on lv1 ( due to all buying dorans items now and getting at least 9 points in defense except for midlaners ) you get less puniched for dying early. So they did not only make it more difficult to get an advantage in early game, they also prevent you from doing anything with it, by minimalizing it.
0	I work at a shitty gas station/food place in the middle of a very busy intersection, so the place gets piss pounded 24/7. It's a prepay station, however the majority of the customers don't understand and freak the fuck out because they can't get gas first. Another thing is the pumps don't take American Express, so the majority of those people with the card get angry as well. The employees can't do anything about it since it's a chain store policy and they never fixed the pumps.   Recently we got budget cuts so there is usually three people working at a time. It is impossible to get food orders done so it takes a while. People scream about it  and obviously can see there is one if not two people cooking. Another thing is when an order that was a higher number goes out before one lower, they get extremely mad. It really depends on what you get, for instance yesterday some lady started bitching because she didn't get her food yet after three orders went through. She ordered a pizza for Christ sakes, it takes 20 minutes tops, it was only in the oven for 5 when she started to bitch at me because her # was 50 and orders 51 and up were done before hers.   Another thing that gets me fired up is when people bitch about the coffee. Sometimes some one says it's too cold (brewed at 200 some degrees), or there is no coffee, when there is a sign saying we don't have a certain blend, or there would only be one person at register, so they have to juggle between that and making coffee. So then they will start bitch and screaming because there isn't any, even though they just watched me make a few and had to stop to go wait on customers.   This is only the tip of the shitberg, I really don't feel like writing anymore as I am starting to get mad thinking about those cunts. I would quit if I could but I have student loans and rent and it is the only thing going for me at the moment. I think I have a few jobs lined up for me that I can break away from that hell hole.
0	Not everyone is XX or XY. There are other cases. You can have a monosomy of the X chromosome (Turner's syndrome means you have 1 X chromosome and that's it), and those children are always girls but have other issues. You can also have trisomies though. Trisomies of other chromosomes often cause much larger issues (Trisomy 21 is Down Syndrome and causes mental retardation, Trisomy 18 is Edward's Syndrome and usually causes death, Trisomy 13 is Patau's syndrome and usually causes death, most of the other trisomies will kill the fetus before birth), but the sex chromosomes are different. You can have an XYY baby boy with very little symptoms, or an XXY baby who usually has more ambiguous genitalia and more symptoms.  If you want to get really weird, there is a thing called a tetrasomy, which is 4 copies of the chromosomes instead of two. You can have babies with an XXYY karyotype and an XXXX karyotype.
0	Have you ever heard the song "We are the World"?  Here's the [musician list](  Other than Paulinho da Costa, do you see anybody from outside the immediate vicinity of North America?   We Americans are idiots about a lot of things.  If you look at the awful people we hire to run things, you can see that this tendency is probably only going to get worse.
1	Yes he is good. Not the best, but not near as bad as everyone makes him out to be. His laser with death upgrade is an AOE long range nuke with a 325+.91AP ratio at level 5. His W is a AOE slow/stun that lasts for 1.5s. His ultimate does decent burst damage as well as strong DoT and a short silence that adds up to a total of 1050+2.3AP at level 3.  His passive provides him with an item that enhances his laser to retarded power levels and gives him 99 AP for 1000 gold only. He is hurt by his loss of an item slot, that much is true, but it usually isn't a huge issue. His short range and his cooldowns can be a problem if you don't manage them properly, and his skills can be hard to land consistently.
1	Yes, they had more money and also made the game years after them, that natrually makes it look better and smoother in a way.(in  a way they had some luxuries that riot didn't at the time)   When I playd dota2  in beta, my mind was blown I liked a  lot of things and wished lol had them(having competition is amazing!): brilliant graphics, all those flashy op skills, I loved the fact that I can just go make a custom game, enter codes and level up, get money insantly,etc, it made discovering the game so much fun, watching games,choosing shoutcasters,champions are free and no runes to buy,  also the queue confirmation, which we now have something  similar to in lol.   However,  I'd  say most of the things we are demanding or want, are things riot are aware of and lots  have been in the works. The graphics for instance  and the interface have improved over the past  couple of years(though they did mention that there are things that can't be there yet, so that people with lower-end computers can still play the game), lots of work on VU's and remakes for nearly every champion in existence are on the way.   Now the real issue is, in order to implement some of the stuff, riot has to fix some deep shit that they made(they mentioned that before). Every step forward for a while now seem to include some fixing of  some shit, that wasn't so great a decision: dirty programming, mechanics that are broken in essence, etc.   There are also priorities, you have limited resources so some stuff can't be made, because the game experience as a whole is better off with your resources focused on more important stuff.(something like a whole new client, has been mentioned as an example of something that's not gonna happen any time soon as it doesn't add much) They are learning though, they seem to be making things in a way that allows future tweaking in a sense.
1	DISCLAIMER: THIS IS LEGIT "HOW TO CLIMB" FROM GOLD TO PLAT  ^(by Gordon Ramsay)   Hi guys. Last season I climbed to Gold 1 from Silver 4. Basically it was more like rush from S4 to G5 and then I rot whole year in Gold. It was fun, because you can witness a lot of great plays here, you meet a lot of smurfs and overall I was happy to be in Gold, decent league. I did this "climb" mostly with playing top and mid (khazix, lux, jayce, lee sin). After elo reset I ended up in Gold 4 (down from Gold 1).   After reset the level of players drastically dropped down. I was struggling every game with ragers and flamers. It was like new silver. Then I told to myself I can do better. I don't belong here. I'm better than actual gold players. I think we all have been there...   And then I read this post:  I said to myself "I like jungling, but then all my lanes are losing". Then I didn't have idea how to snowball winning team. After that I found Meteos advice usefull - fight other jungler. I messed up a bit in gold 4 with trying to jungle with 60% win ratio and then I got to Gold 3.   In Gold 3 I decided I must improve myself. And I told to myself that people blaming the jungler MAY BE RIGHT. I blamed myself for everything and started to get better and better removing all mistakes from my plays. I still do a lot of them but getting better means HARD WORK. You can't get better if you play with "meh" attitude. Things that help me to win:     Time every buff and dragon, don't be lazy     Set up taking another dragon and your/enemy buffs. Don't gank top if you know that enemy/your buff/dragon is spawning soon on bot side of the map   Carry always one green ward     Carry always pink ward when going for dragon or switch to red trinket after level 9     Ward this small bush for your mid laner, preferably pink ward (one of every two games my pink manage to stand there whole game, best investment ever)     Fight enemy jungler all the time, keep him busy     Babysit one lane, scare your opponents     You are the playmaker and decision maker - engage when you got good position to do so     Prevent your team from making dumb plays     Call people to group before taking dragon, make sure they will support you     DECISION MAKING is winning games       Now with that attitude I rushed from G3 to P5 in one week, it wasn't even hard. I got into plat in one series. I can't believe I was struggling S3 so much. Now, when I'm in platinium (which I consider new bronze, seriously: preseason gold > new season plat) I'm on my way to diamond. And I know that if I'm consistent enough and if I work hard enough I will make it.   For those who are curious about my junglers:   Amumu, Lee Sin, KhaZix (before nerf), Pantheon, Vi, Nautilus. Amumu is scary as fuck. I play him AP. You almost delete their carries before fight. Even if you die = worth. Lee Sin is the best jungler in my opinion. Easiest to take/steal objectives.
1	You never by these two for the same reason, if you want to deal with an AD carry you buy Randuins, if you want to push for towers, create pressure, or go for objectives, and an ADC isn't too much worry (for example, an strong early game ADC isn't going to shine too much in the late game compared to a late game AD carry), you buy Sunfire.
1	AP usually don't have an escape, so they go mid because the lane is shorter and it's harder to gank and easier to escape. Also, AP carries tend to beat AD carries mid because their harass does more damage and does not aggro minion waves (e.g. Kassadin Q versus Ashe autoattack, even with the guaranteed crit). Finally, AP scales better with levels than AD carry because their damage comes mainly from spells, so an extra level increases their spell damage significantly.   In contrast, AD/lvl is fairly low, so an AD carry's damage is not as dependent on levels and much more on items, as spells are used more for utility (e.g. Tristana W or Caitlyn W).   The first reason (squishy with no escape) is the main reason that AD used to go mid. I also think this may have been a holdover from DotA days (correct me if I'm wrong, I never really got into DotA). Some AD carries are still viable mid, such as Tristana, Ezreal, and Caitlyn, who play more like casters earlygame and have strong escapes. However, there is no reason to run two AD carries and gimp your earlygame-midgame, and not every AP carry benefits from going bot (perhaps Veigar/Soraka? Although I think Infuse isn't enough to address Veigar's laning issues, he just uses TOO MUCH MANA on anything except Q farming and basically has to blow his whole mana bar to do anything other than farm, after which, win or lose, he probably will have to b).   Bruisers tend to have blinks/escapes and generally be tankier and more sustainable. Top lane is longer and has more effective gank paths, so this is important to not die to jungle all the time. Also, since top tends to be a little disconnected from the rest of the team earlygame, champions with sustain are stronger because they can hold lane forever without going back.   AD/support bot is because AD needs a solo lane farm but doesn't really need solo lane XP, while the same is usually true for support (minus the farm).   Good support characters have a lot of utility on their non-ult spells (Taric stun/heal/armor buff, Soraka silence/heal/manaheal, Alistar knockup/knockback/heal), so it's okay for them to be, say, level 5 during the first dragon fight. High utility means that they do not need  AP/AD to be useful in a fight.   These two go well together because AD carries are just as squishy as AP carry, and generally have no sustain except for some lifesteal from Doran's Blades. Supports help them farm longer and place wards to prevent ganks, as well as help harass the enemy laners and generally keep them off the AD's back. Finally, supports help otherwise fairly weak earlygame AD carries to make plays and get kills, helping them snowball into lategame.   The AD/support meta exploded at Dreamhack, where EU swept the tournament and generally dominated all the top NA teams because of the high efficiency of the strategy. Of course, at the time they ran double AP most of the time, but bruisers have just come to dominate top lane much better for the reasons I stated (this is a throwback to the so-called tanky DPS meta). Double AP still works, but often that extra beefiness/utility that many bruisers bring is more helpful to the team than more AP burst, since AP casters fall off lategame anyways and bruisers generally support the AD carry better in teamfights (compare a Cho'gath or Udyr top versus an Anivia or Cassiopeia top).   At the time NA played mostly AD mid, AP top, tank/support bot. This is inefficient because tanks and supports tend to split CS in bot, but support has limited uses for the cash. Also, since most tanks and bruisers have high sustain, the heals on supports are wasted in that lane. Many tanks go in the jungle, and a second tank is not useful (you do not need Rammus and Amumu on the same team, for example). If you replace it with a bruiser, however, they get little benefit from having a support babysitting them.   AP top tended to be susceptible to ganks, and also tend to lose against bruisers in lane as they get out-sustained.   Essentially, NA meta's top and mid lanes couldn't win their lanes against EU meta's lanes, and bot lane could play passive against a more agressive tank/support lane and still get enough CS to do well. EU lanes were harder to gank as well.   Is the current meta the perfect meta? Who knows. However, what it is is a direct counter to any other idea people had at the time, as well as generally more efficient. However, recently, we've seen alternate comps run successfully (I forget who, but someone recently ran Karthus/Soraka bot). Of course, the amount of difference is minimal (Karthus is a sustained damage dealer and thus benefits as much from AP as levels, and Soraka's Infuse is useful for a spammy AP champ; the reasoning is much the same as AD/support). EG also ran comps without an AD carry at MLG Providence, but the jury is still out since it wasn't quite that successful against TSM's more standard setup in most of the games.
0	I had a male friend in my class in college who I frequently was touchy feely with. From a distance and if you didn't know us, you might say we were flirting all the time.   In reality, we both were aware of each other's significant others, and just were friendly, physical people. We're still friendly years later, and still are touchy-feely without anything untoward.   Now, when the guy I had never spoken to in an entire year (and frequently stared blankly from across the room at me) came up to me and hugged me from behind in my chair, sorry, I pretty much squawked and jumped out of my seat. Though rude, it was totally unacceptable.
0	Young or not doesn't even scratch the surface. My friend married a 30 yr old woman, whose way less mature than my 24 yo gf bc she's Muslim and been in 1 previous relationship when she was 17.  PROTIP: Have at least 6 relationships and 10 sexual partners before you settle down.
1	Anyone who's watched OGN for any extended amount of time will understand just how far ahead Monte is in terms of analysis over every other caster. The only two that come close (but are still far behind imo) are Jatt and Kobe though Kobe can sometimes jump the gun a bit and make predictions which never happen.   I've said it before and i'll say it again.  EU is just miles behind . Quickshot is not analyst material and has always been a better host (very good at allstars for instance) and a better play by play commentator (when he was in NA for a few weeks).   Deman and Joe are both play by play and as much as I love them both they don't offer very good analysis when they cast together and should be saved for 3 man teams.   Deficio is getting there slowly... but he has a habit of just stating whats already happened without a whole lot of insight into why it was done. Like he'll list off "first they did this, then they did dragon and got 2 kills, then they pushed the mid tower". It's like he's aiming his analysis at people who have literally no clue what just happened. Though he is improving and has been doing much better lately.   EU would benefit so much from another analyst who knows his stuff. Someone like Krepo for instance. But with how Krepo has been playing lately I feel like his casting career is a long ways off.   You could also argue that the OGN english casting crew caters to a very niche audience compared to LCS and it's safe to assume most of the english people following the Korean scene know the basics so they don't have to Shepard the audience throughout the game.
1	It goes both ways. I've won a game where the enemy clean aced us, pushed down mid and got both nexus turrets, then stood in front of our fountain Bming us and spamming laugh, then recalling. We respawned, picked off two of them that were slower to recall, and then return shoved to win. On the other hand, I've had games that are thoroughly unenjoyable and we are certainly going to lose, and I would rather move on to a game that I may enjoy and have a shot at winning than sit in a game that is lost, waiting for the enemy to stop playing around with us.
1	If you have a full premade team the most fun junglers are in my opinion Nautilus and Maokai, just because the amount of CC combined with coordination from a premade team is really fun to play.   In Solo Q the best junglers are the ones who say that they will attack now and can carry lategame: for example Nocturne, Udyr (and Shaco). Lee Sin is also an option but he is pretty hard to learn.
0	That's a real thing. I had regular periods up until I was 24 and then they just stopped. I gained weight, grew facial hair, my face became covered in heavy acne, I felt sick and tired all of the time, my hair was rattier somehow. Turns out I had PCOS--it's very common. Birth control is what they prescribe to control and almost completely get rid of the symptoms.   Before my periods stopped though, and when I wasn't on birth control, I had really irregular and very painful periods from the start. Imagine sitting in class and completely off schedule and out of nowhere you start bleeding profusely so that before you have a chance to go to the bathroom you are now covered in a strong smelling blood mixture that has leaked onto the back of your pants. It's like shitting yourself in public only you don't have a sphincter down there so it just keeps flowing. Sometimes you'll get a warning though but it's in the form of agonizing pain like your ovaries are trying to turn themselves and your uterus inside out.  Sometimes you'll go over the usual bracket of time in which you are supposed to have a period and you'll get increasingly bloated and lethargic.
0	I have a strangely relevant story. I'm drinking with a lot of friends and then go into friend #1's room and find Girls Gone Wild. Of course we pop it in and start watching. Drunk friend #2 ends up getting up in the middle of it to "pee." Yeah, peeing doesn't take 10 minutes. We confront him afterwards thinking he was jerking it and he admits that he went and had sex with friend #1's sister. Friend #1 gets in a fist fight with friend #2 and they both end up in the hospital. Now they are best friends. The End.
1	Armor runes scale well at all points in the game and health only really helps you out in the early game, Amor runes aren't bad enough in the early game to justify and extra 78hp.   Also remember that Armor is assisted by health items increasing your "effective health" so 9 extra armor will help you get more effective health if you end up buying a banshees, 78hp will not increase your effective health anymore than the 78hp it provides.
1	I think we all can agree that Elo is not the most efficient or the best measure of skill but unless you can find another measure of a person's skill then Elo does its job.  It's simple and it's something that cannot be gamed.  You win, you go up in rank. You lose, you go down in rank.  Therefore, in an Elo system the primary goal of players is to win.  Not to rack up kills, get creeps or to score high in some imaginary point system.  The goal of everyone is to win.  If you make a system where each person is ranked according to his own individual performance then ultimately you create a system that is asking to be gamed.  If kills give the most points, everyone will play assasins and damage dealers.  If pushing towers give the most points, then people will start playing strong pushing champions.  If assists give the most points then everyone starts playing aoe champions.  The point is that Elo may be a flawed system but it is the least flawed system out there. The fact that there is a strong correlation between Elo and player skill (There's a lot more pro players in the platinum bracket than in the gold bracket) only proves that the system works.
1	I think that Riot is not touching Xerath with good reason. There is too much "blur" regarding him. He's a champion that people don't understand how to counter, or what his weaknesses are, so they just call him OP. I've seen so many people running back and forth in front of Xeraths and getting eaten up by everything he wants to throw that it's just saddening.   When I look at Xerath I get a deja-vu of Caytlin all over again. The first few games, when people couldn't dodge her shots were just awful. After people learned how to dodge them she was considered by most people, including pros, a terrible champion. I remember most of them recommending Miss Fortune over her, but after people discovered new ways of playing her, and put less focus on her main shot, she became viable and is now considered one of the strongest champions again.   I think that with Xerath we'll see something similar happening. After people realize how to more effectively counter him, and after the first couple of tweaks, he'll fall into obscurity, and then will likely be rediscovered.   I think he's definitely a strong champion, but I don't consider him OP. When he is nuking someone down, there is a time to react and there are ways to properly move to avoid some of his damage. The problem I see the most when people face him is that they try to run from him instead of running "besides" him. It's the same issue I see with people playing against Gragas, Lux, Ezreal, Orianna... those champions outrange most others, and if you always run back not only are you likely to get hit, but you'll also lose XP, lose money, and lose ground, you'll get bullied into your tower.   Am I the only one that remembers how people called Brand OP and impossible to lane against, then one of the pros bought boots, avoided almost all of his hits and suddenly he stopped being a big deal anymore? After 3 or 4 of these types of posts I hoped people would start to see a pattern.
0	I'm a horrible communicator, for various reasons. I'm a guy and my natural tendency is to bottle things up (can't show weakness, blah blah blah). In addition to that, with my girlfriend in particular, I try not to tell her when she's annoying me/I'm upset with her because she's not usually the problem. It's just that sometimes ordinary things upset me when I'm in a funk or whatever. What generally happens is eventually I have a mini-meltdown (after acting weird for awhile and she knows something's bothering me) and eventually she gets me to talk and without changing ANYTHING else, the fact that she's willing to listen to me, my crazy behavior, and tell me she loves me and everything, makes it better. Every time without fail.   Just this past weekend, we went to a graduation. We're in college but some younger friends were graduating from highschool. She didn't tell me that her friend had asked her to take pictures of everything so I went there expecting to sit with my girlfriend and enjoy the ceremony and everything. I got there a bit early to save seats and everything. Instead what happened is I sat alone while she was off being the photographer.   Now that's all fine, nothing wrong actually happened. I just don't always handle unexpected plan changes very well and I wasn't in a good mood. So I ended up stupidly upset with her the whole night until we had a chance to talk about it.   None of you needed to hear all of that, so
1	About two years ago now I played quite a bit of Wukong top. The key is understanding how to  Survive  in lane. In my opinion, Wukong doesn't make very good trades until level 4, and his mana pool doesn't allow him to make more than a couple ability rotations before he goes oom.  In the early phases of the lane, you should focus on farming while taking as little damage and using as little mana as possible. If you need to miss a few CS to avoid taking 100+ free damage, it's worth the loss. If you're able to take advantage of his immense power spike between levels 4-6 (and Especially 6) to get an early kill, the amount of snowballing he's able to do more than makes up for some lost cs.   Tips :  -Flask/Cloth 5pots are underrated starting item sets for Wukong. Being able to stay in lane for 2+ extra waves is more valuable than damage from Dorans/Long sword  -You don't need to Clone every time you go in to avoid taking damage. Mana is damage, and odds are you're against someone who deals AoE damage anyway, and your clone is a waste of mana if you're going to be taking damage regardless.  -Use the bush to your advantage. If the enemy gets too close, walk up to them and Auto - Q - E them for maximum damage.  -Trinity Force is an extremely efficient item for Wukong to rush. Wukong is all about BURST damage, and the items you build for Trinity force give you wonderful trading power (which is everything in the lane).  -If you're against a heavy AD team, Sunfire cape has great synergy with your ultimate, and Randuins Omen makes you virtually unkillable/inescapable in team fights when combined with your passive.  -You don't need Black Cleaver AND Last Whisper to kill an enemy carry in 1 rotation (especially since your Q already has armor pen on it), building Tankier items like Maw of Malmortius and Sunfire Cape will allow you to survive in team fights longer. The longer you're alive, the longer you can keep bashing the enemy teams face.  -I often wait until I'm AT LEAST level 9 before I really start putting damage on the enemy turret if I intend to roam at all. Otherwise, feel free to take the turret asap and keep pressuring top (safely of course, if your team isn't in position to take an objective while you're getting ganked, you'll most likely have just given the enemy team a free kill. Give your team some time to group onto a turret / dragon before extending too far for the next turret if you choose to split push the entire game).
1	The best way to counter a Rumble is to hope they don't know what they're doing.  A Rumble with a complete rune page (I use MS Quints, Armor Seals, MRPerLevel Glyphs, and Magic Pen Marks) is extremely difficult to outfarm or not die to. I've mained solo top Rumble for about 4 months, rarely losing a lane. The times that I have lots the lane are due to computer issues, lag, amazing enemy jungle support, and a Wukong who didn't leave their outer turret.  I've learned in order to counter Rumble, attack when he's overheated, since he's silenced and can't spam. Watch out for his flamespitter, which can still dish out tons of damage even when stunned. Try to dodge his double harpoons, as the slows do stack. Merc Treads, Hexdrinker, and another MR item really puts a dent in the damage you receive. Late game, do not fight in the jungle. His AOE ult does massive damage, with initial and then damage over time for 5 seconds.
1	Well, this is what happens when you are toxic. You have to do things to convince them you have changed.   For example:   It's like when you were a kid. Your parents have rules about going places on a school night past a certain time say 8p.m. You sneak out at 12 to go to a party, and you get caught by your parents. You are now grounded for not following the rules. Would you really think that your parents would just let you hand out with your friends whenever now? You have to convince them you won't sneak out again.   You violated Riot's summoners code. You got punished. Prove you have changed.
1	auto, q, click away, put mouse on target, q, click away, put mouse on target, auto, etc.   If you are getting kited, instead of putting mouse on target, click behind target so you get the full dash from q not a stopped dash.   When I was first learning, the problem was that I wouldn't have my mouse on the target when I was qing and moved it to click away too fast.  Try it on wraith camp, if you jump around a lot, this is likely the problem.  Its a little complicated to explain and requires a lot of practice to be able to do under pressure.  GL
1	Im pretty sure the 'almost never worth it' applies.  One thing that players fail to recognize is that it is more important that the enemy team DOESNT get gold than it is that you DO get gold. Play safe, farm up, wait for them to make mistakes, and the gold will come.   Tower diving at 20% hp because you are riven and you just hit level 6 and you think you can but then you get withered and nasus ults to get just barely enough hp and then 4 tower shots and...oh he got the kill and you died. Not worth.   There's a reason you see most tournament games end with low kill counts. Because its better to play it safe than be the tower diving riven who thought she could who is 2/9/1 as the word "DEFEAT" shows up on her screen.
1	Oh haha right. Anyways, Elo is just a measure of how much you can contribute to your team. It makes sense to consider Elo as just a measurement of your skill when you consider people who get into losing streaks. As they lose, they likely acquire a negative mentality which lowers their ability to play, so their Elo will likely drop as an indication that their ability to play has decreased.
1	theres a lot more toxicity in normals for me aswell, i switched over to play ranked or teambuilder which are to be fair surprisingly more enjoyable considering theres ( in my experience ) less destructive behaviour in rankeds and no pressure to fill certain roles in teambuilder
0	When I was a kid, I made 5 dollars an hour working for my dad. Hard, manual labor (digging, pipefitting, landscaping) from dawn til dusk most days. I got so excited at the end of the day thinking, man, I made 55 dollars today! And my dad would write it down every day, even had a spreadsheet that showed how much I had earned each week, and I could put it towards school or rent or a car when I was older. This saved him from having to hire another laborer, probably saved him a ton of money. And he always said I could cash it out whenever I needed something, with the restriction that I was over 18 and it wasn't something incredibly stupid like buying a boat or a platinum gangster chain or something. Well time comes for me to buy a car, and my total had gotten up to a lot of money, over 20 grand for my 5 summers lost, and I asked him for $5000 to buy a nice used car that I was extremely excited about. So I sat down to talk with him, and before I could even tell him what it was for, he said "no son, that work was for the family." Then why the fuck did you tell me I was making money? I walked out of the house pretty upset. If he would have said I was working for the family from the beginning, I wouldn't have cared. But don't lead me on thinking I'm earning money for a car I obsessed over that cost about 25% of what I made! I got a loan and bought that car, still have it, and the loan's paid off. I think I like it even better because I earned it twice in my mind. I let him ride in it once.
1	If we talked a ton about Jinx and the music video before launching her with the graffiti on the website vs. Vi and then launching the video, then launching her spotlight, login screen and turning her on in game, well then the excitement level would have been way lower and she would be less iconic and cool. Why would we rob anyone of that potentially cool experience?
1	Might be slightly unrelated, but if you aren't amazing at the game so far, you might want to play blind pick. I got my lil sister to play, and the bots are better then some of the people she plays against. Yes, the bots don't exactly chase very well, or know when someone will obviously kill them, but they can use their abilities right. Level 1 randoms? I've seen many of them get 2, upgraded boots because they think they stack. I know it's unrelated but just my opinion.
1	Ok this may sound totally off the line but I think somethings in the brushes of league. reason being is that I made two topics informing people about Incarnati0ns situation as a coach of SK and that basically other pros have been toxic in their past as well and are now presenting Riot and acting like normals humans do (Ocelote the whole of M5 in their prime, the list goes on and you get the point..). The interesting thing is that one thread got shadowbanned and was made invisble, it had 1k views and ppl were actually agreeing that he deserves another chance because especially now that riot had a whole season to see him backstage realising he has changed and that they also didn't ban his two challenger accounts on sight. With the coach position being on riots payment list next season they'll have to find a new solution with him anyways because he would if SK doesn't suspend him, appear on riots paycheck anyways.
0	I worked at Boston Pizza and I had a hard end shift time of 10:30pm (last bus) because otherwise I have to walk for almost an hour to get home. I told them I realize that shifts don't end at that time so don't book me for closing shifts.   They always booked me on 8pm ends, and had me stay due to people not showing. Then at 10:30 when I tell the kitchen manager I have to go, he would say I can't and that I should wait until he's done so he can drive me home.   Yeah I want to wait until 2 for the restaraunt to close, then another hour or two for him to do back office stuff. Are you fucking kidding me?   I left there on good terms and begrudgingly went back when I lost a different job due to starting school again. In the interview I explicitly told them I  absolutely  had to leave at 10:30 at the latest on weeknights, and if they couldn't handle that they shouldn't re-hire me. They said it was fine.   FIRST FUCKING SHIFT they tried to pull that exact same shit on me. The kitchen manager yells at me "If you leave now don't bother coming back" So I threw a pizza on the ground, put up both middle fingers and said fuuuuuck you and walked out.   Always wanted to do that, and it was even more satisfying than I could have ever imagined.
1	Play renekton/ryze (easiest ones atm) and master them > Never ever ever die > BUILD PROPERLY EVERY MINUTE OF THE GAME > Win. The whole top lane can't carry is just a lie. Either they come to you or you are at inhib at 15min. And if they come and you're not sure to beat every single one just retreat, because rule #1 is to never die. If you never die as the top laner enemy team can't win. You are the front lane meaning you are everything.
1	The hard coded rules do not relate to their movement though. You can't hard code movement because of the change throughout the game. The initial target is based upon proximity which is why the opposite minions don't attack each other and often target one minion together. Therefore the results will never be exactly the same because of the dynamics of the game and the movement of the minions. If you were to sit in on thousands of custom games and just watch the minions I can guarantee there would be no advantage given to one specific side for the majority.  On a side note there will never be a normal league of legends game where a minion is not touched and one side wins because of it.   Lastly. Doublelifts point about te waves pushing in OMGs favor has hardly anything to do with the behavior of the minions. A team can manipulate the waves so that their side naturally pushes. It's done quite often by killing the ranged minions and leaving the rest. Allied minions then have a numbers advantage and the next wave will eventually join and snowball the wave towards the opponent. This is not random and is what teams do to secure objectives nowadays.
1	I don't see how that matters to be honest. If every reader of the sub learned the lesson right now, no matter what the amount is, it still wouldn't get up there because everyone who did read it would already know.   Before you go all like "that's not what I said, I said everyone who read that particular thread, not the whole sub", he never said otherwise. Notice his use of "If" at the start of his sentence. Not to mention he could be answering to your last sentence as well.
0	So - I'm on a business trip with my boss.  We're visiting one of our satellite locations.  All looks good.  So we finish up, grab dinner and head back to the hotel.  He's busy screwing around on  his iPad.  But I have a couple of routers from the site and a laptop.  And I'm bored.   I take my laptop and I start looking at stuff the hotel's WiFi.  I noticed some Cisco APs in the hallway, standard issue stuff.  When I'm deciding to poke and see if they secured their gateway and/or controller, I notice my IP address looks weird.  Not a standard issue 192.168.x.x, old school 172.16.x.x, not even a 10.x.x.x.  So I took my phone, turned off my laptop security, and realized I could ping my own laptop.  So I plug in my laptop in the room as the phone has a network port.  Same range of external IPs.   They were handing out true external IPs.   Ho-ly-shit .  So I'm looking at the rest of my info and I realize its taking about 100'ish ms for the gatway to hand me my info.  And I get this brilliant idea.   So I take the router I had, configure it to hand out 192.168.x.x addresses.  I setup a portable install of a webserver and a DNS server on my laptop.  I hook the router up to the wired port on the phone, hook my laptop up to the LAN side of the router, have DHCP from the router hand out settings, and set my laptop as the gateway.  The DNS server on the laptop is resolving everything to itself and the webserver is hosting a simple text page.   The hardware router is handing out DHCP info over their Access Points faster than their (I assume) off-site hardware can and they didn't do any filtering on their switches.  The DNS Server starts processing requests - I had taken a list of the top 50 homepages and set them to resolve to my laptop along with anything else I could think of, including Drury.com.   Then I realize there are non-computer devices communicating on the network.  Drury was using the same network as its guests for at least its printers.  So they all had their displays changed to some profanity and the "key phrase" I'd selected - Asbestos.  I don't know why I chose that, but it just seemed like a good way to let them know it was all tied together.   Why did I do any of this?   They said there'd be waffles that morning.  And bacon.  Neither of these were there.   Just reconstituted eggs and microwaved pancakes.  I left this setup running until I went to bed.  The next morning people were talking about it over breakfast.  There was a piece of paper heavily taped over the printer displays to block view.   Don't think it really counts as proof - [but here you go, anyways](
0	Let me leave this here for you:   (First result when Googling 'First Past the Post')
0	You realise most rapes aren't stranger dragging you down an alleyway style right?   It's more like you have some cash and you've got some friends over for a party. Good friends. Friends you've known forever. And then the party winds down. And as one of your friends leaves you give them a dollar because you like them. And then they're all gone except for one friend who saw that, and they want ten dollars, so they hold you down and you say no, but they don't listen, and you say get off and they say shh you'll like it. An d eventually you're just lying there crying not doing anything because they're stronger than you and they haven't listened to anything else you've said and it will all be over soon and you can go shower. And then they take the money and leave.   And then you tell someone. If you're lucky you'll get someone who'll listen and reassure you that you were in the right and they didn't have the right to take the money.   If you're unlucky you'll get someone like you. Someone who says well you shouldn't have shown your money, you should have hidden your wallet better, you should have told them to fuck off. You should have chosen your friends better. You know people can't control themselves when there's money around. You probably secretly wanted it. You were giving off the right signals.
0	I mean the key really is clear communication.  I've always approached any kind of deal this way:  "if I'm this worried he's going to screw me over, he's probably just as concerned I'm trying to screw him."  And then I just do my best to be transparent and take the first step toward building trust.  Most people will reciprocate that.  Most people won't lie right to your face when you take that approach, some do, but not many.  The ones you have to watch out for are the ones who can't really hold up their end of the bargain - "well my girlfriend is outside with the full $190" or, I got $160 now, and I get paid tomorrow".   The truly sketchy ones won't expose their lies and will always have a different excuse or complication that prohibits them from matching your level of openness.  You want to believe them but you can never seem to shake that doubt about them, and your end always has more risk than theirs.
1	I'm 100% with you on this. Half if not more of this game in mental. A lot of people wonder how on earth I get my teamwork badge or they so humorously ask "how many dicks did you suck to get that?" Truth be told, I get it because I try to motivate my team and bring them out of the gloom that leads to defeats.   When people flame your team, you try to reassure them, let them know we all make mistakes sometimes and we'll get them next time. It helps, it lets them get right back into to lane thinking "yeah, I see what I did wrong and I know how we can beat them now!" It's this stuff that keeps morale up.   If I see an ally get a kill, I always congratulate them. If a jungle comes for a gank, even if it 'failed' I thank them just for the help. As someone who mains support, if ANY ally buys wards I thank them. It helps me a lot. If I need someone to do something, I try to throw in "please" and "thank you". It's simple stuff people, but it goes a long way.   Oh, but most of all, when your team is infighting and they are on the verge of destruction, slap them across the face and get them in line. We are fighting the enemy, not each other. Work like a team and play smart and we can win, there is no point in giving up because it's never over till your Nexus is destroyed. I remember one game in particular in which the only thing left was our nexus and my team had all but given up. They wouldn't keep blaming each other and I eventually let them have it.   I told them I was tired of their BS and if they wanted to give up and throw in the towel that was fine but as for me, I'm going down with a fight. As long as I see there is hope, I will never give up. I told them the reason we were losing was not because of any one player, but because of all of us. If we are fighting with each other, we are not playing as a team. We need to band together, and if we did, we could hold them off for days and we could win. Told them to grow some balls and like the man they claimed to be or just quit, because if they were going to fight among us, rather than beside us, then I'd rather not have them with me.   So, what happened next? None of them said a damn thing for the rest of the game. They all shut up, and played. We ace'd the next fight and made and straight dash clearing 4 towers and their Nexus while fighting 4 of them on re-spawn and won.   I got 5 teamwork that game. I don't care about my title or my badge. It's not what matters, but I'm tired of seeing people act like children. Shit happens, sometimes we have off games, sometimes some players are just bad. But guess what? Everyone is allowed to play and everyone should enjoy it, so work together so that everyone on your team can do their best. Even if you lose, and many times you will, you can walk away thinking: we fought well and died with honor!
1	The first one literally has the boobs just hanging out and you think the SECOND one is slutty?   Like, judging by the first one, Pentakill Sona doesn't have nipples. That's how much boob we're talking here.   The second one fits Sona's personality better, anyway - she's supposed to be graceful, and while a skin  should  be a change in personality, I like the one that's less drastic and keeps the grace while still being badass. The shot is better, the expression is more realistic, it's a lot more graceful, and she looks like a total badass. Mission accomplished in my book!   As for MF let's not even pretend she's not a slut. That's her MO from day friggin 1, which you carefully avoided by posting only her square. Granted, it's that exact square and splash which got me playing her, and I do miss it! But her shirt is just. so. tiny, and the ab game is pretty intense.
0	I guess your definition of help consists of "here look at this super complicated castle/redstone mechanism I built for which I may have provided schematics that you have no idea how to read" with the occasional grain of "this is insignificant but sometimes useful"'
1	i usually just listen to my favorite music, like pumped up music, and just take the games as practice, to make myself better, if i'm good at laning, i wanna get good at map awareness, or warding, or looking at what my team is doing while csing, maybe you can help your team not feed by paying attention to them as well. multi task is hard but it can help. IF you look to win every game, you will just get mad easy.
0	I worked take-out at a sit down restaurant before moving to serving and here is my take.   If I have to do a million things for your order like get you multiple sides of ranch(which we don't charge you for) I expect a little bit of a tip. If you heavily modify your order beyond recognition and it comes out correct you better tip because I spent time trying to talk with the kitchen who hate takeout orders and speak little English to make sure it is correct. Next time you try it and you do not tip I will make an effort to not give you silverware or anything free I can.   Also to-go will give you free stuff. Like a drink while you wait if it is not ready, or maybe some extra fries. If you tip and I recognize you I will always make your drinks  free.   If you are a repeat customer you should tip because you will get better service and as much free stuff I can give you according to the rules, which is a good amount. If you are a repeat customer and don't tip you will get sub-par service and get all the way home to only realize your blessed fat ass is missing your free ranch, silverware, and anything else I don't have to do.   If you don't like it realize this is a capitalist country and that in the food service industry if we know you won't tip we won't care about you. That is just the way it works.   Please tip your takeout people they usually are hard working people and are trying to move up in the service industry so they can actually make money.   If you get takeout from a bartender and don't tip you are an asshole who just cost the bartender tip out from their overall sales.   Most of us in the industry are just trying to better ourselves through school so we don't have to deal with people who don't tip anymore. And when we do go out we realize the struggle of those that do work it. To-go is seen as a stepping stool to serving for a lot of people.
0	I'm new to the idea that reddit loves Bill Gates and hates Steve Jobs. I'm surprised by this. Contrary to your opinion, I've often thought that I could do much more good in the world with $76 Billion to manipulate and leverage. I've researched a lot of successful non-profits and found that most organizations are financial and political tools rather than organizations that actually promote the eradication of a world problem. I know that Bill Gates is VERY active in finding alternative energy sources and VERY active in promoting the aid of third world countries while remaining relative ineffectual in curing some ills in his own country. If his venture into reusing depleted uranium or some other alternative fuel source is successful, that 'philanthropy' is going to go a long way amongst those countries he's helped. I also believe that if Gates is as 'philanthropic' with supplying energy as he was and is at supplying operating systems, you will have light bulbs that have to pay him royalties because the end users will run those light bulbs on "HIS" electricity. He truly fired the first volleys in the war against open source software and the intellectual property rights and software patent wars that are currently raging out of control. I do not think a philanthropist tried to destroy the individual users so fiercely and offers such little support for his products. I suspect his so called philanthropy has and end game which will play out much like his business practices have historically. His charity is more of a political positioning, IMO, the same way Susan G. Coleman does little philanthropic work and even less to actually find a cure fore cancer as that organization is used as a political fundraiser and litigious predator for smaller non-profits flying a similar flag.  Steve Jobs was an intense ass, but he was a true visionary. Everything he was a part of is and was along the leading edge of the industry. He became a part of Pixar because he could recognize that greatness. Apple has really become more of a marketing and litigating corporation rather than a true industry innovator that it once was under jobs. A Macintosh wasn't a computer, it REDEFINED personal computers. An iPod wasn't an MP3 player it REDEFINED them. An iPhone isn't a cellular phone it REDEFINED mobile phones. Steve Jobs is often regarded as a lucky asshole who surrounded himself with great inventors and just rode their wave, but that's not accurate. None if those people did great world changing things before or since. He was an innovator whose creativity has yet to be eclipsed in the technological world of personal accessibility and user interface. We live in this WYSIWYG world of buttonless computing and insult the man who first said it could and SHOULD be done and criticize him because he realized he wasn't going to find inspiration in focus groups or from those he worked with. He had a big ego and he did claim that many ideas were his that weren't,  but the man walked into Xerox and walked out with their R&D department effectively. I'm typing this message on glass that Corning invented in the seventies for Christ sakes. Steve Jobs left a wake of "why didn't I think of that?" In his wake and he was boating through an ocean of the most gifted minds in the world.  As I understand the Bill Gates legacy, it was:  I have a great idea; if I build it cheaply and unstable enough, a lot of people can afford it.  People can't understand the interface? Fuck 'em, it's affordable. What? Someone made a user friendly version?  What's a mouse?  I'll make an operating system that mimics that. Then I will make people use it by forcing it on all the cheaply built computers. Doesn't work? Call this number, "heh heh heh". No one answered? Unplug it any plug it back in. Still doesn't work?  Here's a newer version, cost: on arm, one leg. Lost all your semester's data or that great American novel you were working on? Call 'Geeks on Call'. Still doesn't work?  Here's another operating system. Oh, BTW you have to buy another printer and all of my other software that no longer work with my new operating system (aren't you glad  Microsoft is so cheap?). Want to buy a new computer?  Guess what, my new operating system is on there too! I have 76 Billion dollars of your money now, want to know what I'm doing with it?  Charity, saving the world, philanthropy, you know, all that good stuff. Have I told you about my new energy...   I mean, please allow me to at least be skeptical of the statement that BG is the most philanthropic (philo-  -anthropo.  Lover of people) person on Earth. I think his business history shows the same obtuse and emotionally indolent attitude that Jobs is hated for. The Jobs biography was a very interesting and valuable read for anyone trying to navigate a world that seemingly wants innovation. It seems the world wants innovation, but only if you innovate the same way everyone else does, then join the political who's who and the non-profit/financial shelter game of charades played by the politically elite.   I believe Reddit will eat me for saying so, but I've read a TON on both people and NEVER see anything I respect about Bill Gates. Reddit wants an open source and market free from corporate empiricism and malfeasance and they hold Bill Gates up as an icon of philanthropy?  I don't get it. For posterity, however, I would like to be in the side that was more skeptical of Gates. If he is ever successful in his quest to secure an alternative energy source, I wonder how philanthropically energy will be distributed. Tesla did a whole lot more with whole lot less resources than Bill Gates and his 76 Billion Dollars has done to fighting the energy crisis. I think the fact that by dollars it could be argued he has the ability to be the most influential person in America, coupled with how in effectual he is at curing any of Americas ills is an argument against his philanthropy--not in favor if it. I don't consider the man who steps over 100 starving or jobless people on his way to mail a package of books or clothing or food to a distant land, philanthropic. I call that self-serving. There is a reason he has chosen to spend his money in the ways he spends it and we don't know what that reason is, but in terms of potential vs. results, he is not the beacon of philanthropy. I would rather the world be full of assholes that act like assholes and produce great things than the world be full of men shaking my hand and giving me a dollar while placing a noose around my neck.
0	true except for the black part...   i was asked once to look through resumes, it involved turning every resume into 2 yes/no answers and a number. Took about 5 seconds per resume, sorted by number and done.   Having people enter their own info on a webpage puts it straight into a spreadsheet so they can sort it by a few yes or no answers, then have some intern add in a 1-10 "initial impression" rating for their resume.
0	As someone who was homeless for 2 years, thank your brother for me, hell give me his address and a country and I'll send a 20$ gift card for a chain in your country. I've been spat at, sworn at, assaulted, the homeless are people too... they didn't make the best decisions, but that doesn't mean they don't regret it... but some of us try to make up for it, I'm 25 and I'm finally graduating college in 2 months.
1	This is going to get downvoted and buried, but a basic little lesson on contracts, specifically regarding vague terms and "unconscionable" clauses in contracts.   First:  the lack of an appeals process means nothing. Really. The appeals process that remains is court action. The waiver clause (waiving TSMs ability to even bring a claim in contract in court), given the contract, seems to lack sufficiency to hold up in court on this issue. If it does, then I'm sorry to say that people  can  enter into bad contracts, and if they want out, they have to go through processes to do that. There's no inherent right for someone to receive an absolutely fair contract.   Second : Vagueness of the clause in question: Riot has a clause that seems vague dealing with LCS regulations and rulings. A vague clause in a contract is  not  illicit per se. Rather, vague clauses (with ambiguous terms) can allow for the introduction of Parole evidence to define the clause. Parole evidence means any evidence outside the contract (and I'm assuming the contract between the groups is a completely integrated agreement, with this vague term). What this means is the groups can present evidence to prove that the terms in question function in a specific way.   Third : Unconscionable clause: Reggie could try to claim that the LCS ruling clause is unconscionable. This will be very hard to prove. On the procedural front, Reggie (and TSM) have full freedom to enter into the contract if they so desire, and are paid by Riot. That side is fine. The issue turns on whether there is substantive unconscionability.   Simply put, the terms in the contract are unfavorable, in some instances, to the teams, but they are not unreasonably unfavorable. They do not "shock" anyone reading the contract. They do not limit the ability of contract holders to actually break the contract at any time. Now, the waiver of suit may be unconscionable (depending on the circumstances; given both sides are sophisticated actors, a court may have less tolerance to entertain Reggie's claim that this was unconscionable), but the ruling likely will not be. Again, Reggie had no obligation to take this deal, and he may leave it if he desires.   As such, despite wild accusations on this subreddit, that clause will likely not be deemed unconscionable. Same with the "no appeal" clause, as appeals are not expected in contracts between employer and employee, or other contracted entities. Instead, issues typically are brought as claims to a court or resolved via 3rd party arbitration.   Fourth : Claim to bring against Riot.   At most, Reggie can claim that he has had 2000$ withheld from him. However, to accomplish this, Reggie first has to overcome the waiver clause (which would take time, resources, and could easily fail). Waiver clauses are often deemed unconscionable ( see Supra ), but if this clause was not, Reggie would instantly fail (and lose whatever money he spent on a lawyer. Given the typical 350$ per hour fee, that could easily exceed the $2000 right there). Riot will contest other aspects of the sufficiency of the claim in this step, as well.   Reggie would have to claim that his denial of funds was unwarranted under the contract. Again, Riot will contest this claim.  They'd have to present evidence against each other. Given the massive amount of correspondence that Riot deals with, and the nature of discovery, this could cost a small fortune (hundreds of thousands of dollars) just to ascertain the info.   Then Reggie would have to prove that the information was sufficient to even bring the claim against riot, lest summary judgment be entered on behalf of Riot against him. If he cannot, and discovery reveals that key facts are not in dispute (they may not be, but who knows?), then Reggie will instantly lose. Again, losing all the money he's spent so far.   That's even before we get to full trial (if he goes that way).   If arbitration, there is still the initial processes to overcome (but the issue then won't go to trial). And arbitration might even be appealed.
1	china talk just isnt as interesting as other talk shows. its froskurinn and crew. froskurinn cant be the only personality that entertains. i cant be assed to listen for 2 or 3 hours of just mumbling. even if she is wrong, she still puts enthusiasm behind her statements, she doesnt say things quietly just encase she is unsure of what she is talking about.   SI has thorin backing it up with a usually expressive guest (saint, soaz, krepo, xpecial, etc) and monte with the knowledge.   FB has richard keeping things in check, brokenshard to poke jabs and bait people to say things and a guest/nintendude to react to it.   china talk doesnt really have that. from the 3 episodes i have seen its just people discussing topics but without western comparisons or funny jokes (brokenshard's memes or thorin's analogies) mixed in.   i think a big part of it is, is that you can see that thorin, monte, and richard are really focusing on the talk show and are not browsing reddit or something and getting distracted. thorin can reply straight away, he isnt reading anything in the meantime, he is having a genuine conversation and thats interesting to listen to. for example i can see that drexin is not paying attention cause he is very rarely adding something other than some minor comment or joke.
1	Furthermore, OOP was saying that this "stupidly aggressive" play style "works"  over time  not "every time." Same idea as how AFKs and trolls actually benefit your Elo over time (5 of 9 sports for the troll exist on the other team.) Sure, it will cause you to lose some games, but it will cause you to win more often.
0	whaaat? My 81 year old grandma and 78 year old grandpa live happily and independently and travel around the world, go on long bike trips (this summer they biked in Alaska and have now officially biked in every state), are extremely active in their community, and visit their children and grandchildren. They are some of the happiest, friendliest, most amazing people I know.
1	Damn, it seems like Riot has no idea how to name the new support items. Let me help:   Transmutation/Scavenger passive:     Ancient Coin (I agree that Pebble sounded just stupid)     Philosopher's Stone (This is a landmark name and there is no reason to change it. The item does roughly the same as what it used to do)     Shurelya's Reverie (Likewise, plus Shurelya deserves to keep her name on the item and I couldn't stand her losing it while the Chalice of Discord remains a tribute to a jerk whose name shall be forgotten)       Execute passive:     Emblem of Zeonia (keeps the "emblem" part that everybody associates with hp regen)     Shield of the Rakkor (I prefer the first one as it keeps the lore part) OR, if you want the community to explode from joy,  HEART OF GOLD     Martyr's Call (going back to the orignal name, as it perfectly describes what the item does).       IMO what those items could use a little bit of is Rejunevation Bead (for Shield of Rakkor) / Faerie Charm (Philosopher's Stone, Kage's Lucky Pick) in their recipes for the 2nd tier, allowing for some sort of item buildup after unplanned early trip back.
1	Jungle Cho does work, but there are so many better choices for both Cho, and the Jungler.   I understand why you would think Cho would be a good jungler, he has pretty good, if not great, sustain in his passive, his ult seems tailor made to kill minions, and he has good CC. However, this is not enough to combat some of the drawbacks of Jungle Cho.   The main disadvantage of Cho, IMO, is his low movement speed compared to other junglers (also he doesn't have a gap closer). This makes clearing the jungle slower despite him killing creep camps at a moderate pace (not factoring in Feast since junglers don't care as much about clearing camps after lvl 6, more ganking). More importantly however, it makes him prone to counter jungling and losing to the enemy jungler.   Without the speed to get to camps in danger of being stolen, an enemy jungler could easily come in, take a few camps whilst completely avoiding Cho'Gath, and get out, seriously hindering Cho'Gath, while Cho can't even counter back for the same reason.   This also gives him less dragon control, resulting in easier dragon kills for the enemy, worth quite a few champ kills in gold. While he makes up for this with easy Feast steals, he does not need to jungle to do this. In fact, he would have better dragon control if he was bot, since he would be closer to dragon on average.   Also, although his CC is strong, his knock-up is iffy at best and easily dodgeable by an attentive enemy, his silence is only close range, and, as stated earlier, he has low speed and no dash so he can't really give chase unless he lands a Rupture on the run which any Cho can attest to being an arduous feat. Since you have to put the rupture in front of the enemy, it is even more visible, and sometimes, you just don't even have enough range to do that.   His long cooldowns on his spells also hinder him from being a dominant force when trying to clear jungle fast or ganking, since after blowing his Q and W, and maybe an R, he has to rely on his relatively weak autoattacks to kills the enemy, made even harder due to his slow chasing.   Some of his roles such as being extremely capable of stealing buffs from the enemy and not dying ever can be used as effectively whether Cho be a jungler or not.
1	Division/tier is to track your journey as you climb through the ranking and each division/tier is your achievement.   Now the people you get matched up with is based on your MMR which is also known as Match Making Rating / Hidden Elo.   The MMR calculation each game is hidden by the Riot's system but it depends on how well you do each game and if you won or not.   The LP gain is dependent on how the system thinks you are doing and is trying to sort you into the division that you belong in.   So let's say you are gaining more LP than the LP you lose each game (30LP win and 10 LP Loss), so the system thinks you belong higher and is trying to help you get to the higher tier/division.   But if you lose more LP than you gain each game (30 LP loss and 10 LP win), the system thinks you belong lower and is trying to get you to the lower tier/division.   So when you play, make sure to just do your best and not worry about what division/tier you are in and what the enemy division/tier they are at. Because you are matched with your skill-level.
0	not a troll.  Bouncers like to think they are white knights or somehow exempt from the law because they are on "private property". But they are low paid expendable employees. Bars will fire/not hire lawyers to protect them if they "accidentally" permanently injure someone.
1	Honestly, I think the utility is what needs to go.  I think ward jumping, and insecs by derivative, started out as an accident.  (Sure we'll let them jump to wards, it's not like it's gonna happen that often)  And then it just snowballed to the point where sightstone is considered a must buy on lee.  (Notably, it is not on Riot's suggested item set for Lee)  And I mean, I get why they left it in.  It was exciting. The playz!  The mechanix! So good, much awesome.   But it got old, didn't it?
1	I'ma say u get on average 125~ IP per game counting first win of the day shit. rune pages is 6300 IP standard T3 runes is ~10455 so 1 full rune page is 16755 Ip @ ~125 ip a game that's 134 games @ 30 mins a game that's  67 hours of game play for 1 rune page hella steep price for newer players who still have all the champs to get w/ Ip ( FYI is roughly 470k ip making it close to 77 days of playing time) I Played WoW for about 8 years and i only have 300 days on it across 8 years (half is prob afk time in a captal city)  so 77 days is a massive amount of time investment to be able to fully play a game   Side note: its takes like 50 hours to lvl from 1-90 in WoW and get caught up to the current tier lvl.
0	I'm 22, I work mostly with servers at a large tech company.   Today I received an email from my mother I haven't heard from in a month... "My friend has a virus so hes putting his pc in the mail so you can fix it."   I've never heard of this friend... I never agreed to fixing this issue... I've never set the precedent that mailing me pc's was acceptable (and on top of that unnecessary).
0	just an fyi: Based on the way the US democracy is set up it will always be a two party system that doesn't truly represent a large portion of the citizenry. Congress could fix this very simply but doing so would get them voted out of office in the next election cycle, so...
0	Not crazy.  Absolutely not.   I grew up in rural Iowa and gun safety was taught in the home.   I was not allowed to point even toy guns at people as a little kid and was taught the safety rules for firearms before I was ten.   I have noticed a lot of "city" people in this country have absolutely no exposure to responsible gun culture.   Their only experience with firearms is the violence they see on TV.   So I do not think you are crazy for thinking someone should need some formal training to own a firearm.  We are crazy as a society for thinking the right to bear arms can be divorced from the responsibility to ensure that every citizen understands the basic safety rules of firearms handling.
1	you should not be having trouble against leona as vayne.  Twitch's absolutely god-awful laning phase is offset by having the highest multi-target dps of any champion in the game.  Draven could practically be considered hyper-carry with his snowballability and can directly counter leona engages with his E.  Those champions are also designed to win lanes against lategame scaling carries, but you should be able to keep up in cs under tower if you have experience.  Not to mention you also have a support that is trying to save you constantly.
0	Of course it doesn't. There's undisciplined soldiers, motherfuckers, and all sorts of scumbags in the service.   But a real opinion that wouldn't fly on reddit is that reddit is so clouded by anti-authority members that anything that says something bad about the military, the government, or law enforcement is going to skyrocket to the front on the basis of nothing more than "yeah, fuck the government and everyone who works for them".
0	Something that, for some reason, I have to say over and over and over again. One catastrophic injury, or something like cancer, more than covers the cost of increased taxes. I'll pay more in taxes if it means my whole family for 3 generations isn't in debt because I suffered a heart attack and somehow lived.
0	I think people should be free to live how they want, yet i dont think people should tailor the world around them. If they want to eat and be fat, as long as they are happy, good for them.   If you want to sit at home all day and play video games, and die at an early age, if it makes you happy, do it. Fuck the people who say you should get out more. Its not their life. As long as you arnt hurting people or breaking laws, Enjoy life how ever you want.   Dont let people guilt you into doing shit you dont want to do. People who tell you, "Get out more! Go Travel! Go to a bar! Go skydiving!" are telling you that, because that's what they like to do. Don't do something because they like to do it, because its not their life. The bottom line is, its your fucking life, you live it how you want. If you go your entire life never seeing the Grand Canyon or the Mona Lisa, who gives a fuck, as long as those weren't on your bucket list.   But on a side note, if you chose to sit at home, eating KFC and playing world of Warcraft every day, and you gain 500 pounds, don't get pissed when you get turned down, or have to pay for two seats on an airplane. You aren't handicapped. You shouldn't be afforded any special treatment because you chose a different lifestyle.
1	Thank you for writing up, what has helped me so much these past few hours. I read your entire post, took it into action, and 3 hours earlier I was Bronze III, Now, I am Gold V.
0	That's is unfair to say. Here in Murica food stamps only gives poor people so much money to spend and healthy organic food is way more expensive and outside the price range of the less fortunate. There only option is to buy the unhealthy chemicals laced food which make there kids fat and unhealthy. It's hard enough to barely be able to afford food but to penalize you parenting for something that is out of their control is stupid and ridiculous. I am on food stamps and am Just lucky enough to Live in a rural area next to all the farms so good healthy fresh organic fruits, vegetables and meats are cheap and readily available.  On the other hand though if the parents are making enough money where healthy food is an option those parents shouldn't have their kids taken away but forced to take child nutrition courses to correct their kids weight before and long lasting health issues arise.
1	Contrary to popular belief, spectating is extremely lightweight on the data side of things. No graphics are transmitted, just the game state itself - champions, their items, positions, skill usage, and so on. Essentially, everything that happens in a game can be compressed into 1-3 megabytes - also the size of an average LolReplay file, for this exact reason.   The bottleneck here would be your mobile phone's ability to take that data and display it as the spectator client would - this would require running the game engine on said phone (impossible since it was not written for such platforms), as well as storing all the game assets (graphics, sounds, etc) on the phone... And nobody wants to download 3.5GB of that onto their phone.
1	Apparently some people don't get it so I'll elaborate.   Ranked solo queue is bad for a number of reasons.  Here are just a few:     You get a meaningless rating.  And no, no,  no , it's meaningless because League of Legends is a team game.  You might be able to carry teams of random people but you will always lose to a coordinated team with planned strategies, even if they are less skilled.  Your solo queue rating is nothing more than an e-peen measurement.  Get over yourselves.  Even if you make it to 2700+ you are still probably not professional team level.  People may not watch your stream unless you can create good content for them.  And that doesn't just mean being good at the game.   There's no prize for 1st place.  People might see your name but the price you pay in getting it far outweighs the actual value from what I've heard.  Maybe the average person will look at the rankings and say hey you must be pretty good.  They'll likely move on pretty quickly.  It's not that big of a deal unless you're interesting enough to hold their attention.   It's very accessible to all level 30 players.  You're going to get just as many trolls (if not more), just as many leavers (if not more), and a fair amount of casuals when you queue for ranked.  Many of you will tell yourself and claim to others that you're playing ranked because you're serious about winning.  Again, get over yourselves.  If you want to truly play this game seriously and competitively, forming a 5v5 team is the only real option.   You are taking League of Legends way too seriously.   I mean it.  It's a game.  You are likely not playing with $2,000,000 in prizes on the line.  You are likely not backed by sponsors who want to see results from your practice.  You are probably some random guy sitting at his computer who wants to show off 1800+ ELO.  You might want to get there one day.  And that's fine.  That's absolutely great if you do.  But you're going to lose along the way.  Your expectations probably won't bet met.  If you want it so badly that you're going to get frustrated and flame your teammates for not being as skilled as you are, then I have a simple suggestion for you:  Pretend to be a really cute girl and get a pro to duo queue with you (Sorry girls, I don't like it either but it's a proven method).  It's easier, less frustrating, and (is now) semi-permanent.  Winning isn't everything.  You usually gain more from a loss than from a win.  Deal with it.  Have fun when you play.  That's not a "casual gamer's" mentality.  It's that of a sane person.   Solo Queue is not a competitive game mode.  I've been saying it and now I'll say it again.  You are going to get trolled.  You are going to get people you can't carry.  If you join a 5v5 team however, you will likely not get trolled.  If you do, you just kick him from the team or join another one!  Your teammates will probably be on your level or close.  Easy!   Solo queue is a learning experience first.  You might want to win, most people do, but [Doublelift himself says]( that it's mainly about making yourself better.  The best way to play solo queue is to learn from your mistakes and make observations, regardless of the game's outcome.   There are only a few major differences between Ranked Solo Queue and Normal Draft Queue:  You don't have a visible rating in Normal.  You only have Solo and Duo queues in Ranked but you can run into Triple/Quadra queues in Normal.  5 man queues are usually matched with other 5 man queues.  "There are more casuals in Normal queue" - it's sort of a valid point, but again in Solo Queue the only way to consistently win is to carry.  There are always ways to improve.  There is nothing you can't do in Normals that's exclusively available in Ranked Solo/Duo.
1	There's a flip side to this coin.   I had a game yesterday where I was 4v5 the entire game.   I had said nothing the entire game, before at 30 minutes in the phrase "gg lol easy we'd have won anyway" came into play. Really? 30 minutes is easy? You lost every lane despite being 5 people vs 4 and you'd have won anyway?   Long story short, I was provoked by a weak explanation of the above phrase and so I gave a long, LONG rant about what these particular players should do to themselves. Act like a bellend, get treated like one. If players aren't graceful and humble enough in the game, expect to be told where to go.   [EDIT] Taking into account one of your edits: >"If they are depressed, they shouldn't play in the first place." Maybe if you're someone who is prone to raging and flame, you shouldn't play in the first place. Although that being said, for both ragers or flamers, and those on receiving end who are affected by it, perhaps ranked isn't the place for you.   I typically do not flame. But when provoked by children who can't be graceful enough to accept some free ELO due to a disconnect flame and bait me for losing a game I had no hope of winning then really the fact that they cut themselves on my request wouldn't bother me. You wouldn't walk up to a bear and slap it in the face and not expect to get mauled. You wouldn't wander over to your local sugar daddy and not pay him and not expect to have your limbs crushed.
1	I've read your 3 paragraphs and basically, what you're saying is that elo hell exists. That League is all about luck. It doesn't matter how well you do since you're going to get that one troll or AFKer that messes up your game. No, just no.   Every time an argument like yours comes up, I always say the same thing.   League is a game with 5 players against 5 players. One of those players is you. If you never go AFK or troll, that leaves 4 potential trolls or AFKers on your team, but 5 potential trolls or AFKers on the enemy team. Assuming 1 troll or AFKer per game, that's a 25% higher chance for a them to be on the enemy team.   What does this mean for you? It means that if you consistently outperform your enemy laner, don't troll or AFK, you will climb elo. Of course, there may be times where you get a troll or AFKer on your team 2, 3, 4, 5 games in a row. But that's improbable, and long term there will always be more trolls and AFKers on the enemy team.   Edit:
1	Darien and language barrier were the main problems probably, darien's playstyle and his team confindence even if he feeds alows Alex to play some champions with high damage output.
1	Don't mean to be come off condescending or a dick.  But what okoto said is true.  I have been in 1600 and tbh I think people up there play what they want and still win despite being counterpicked.   I think watching pro's streams sometime affect you negatively too, people assume that if I counter you it's "GG EZ NUBS SCRUB".  When that is not the case at all.  I can pick katarina and go against any match up you can think of with just two ganks.  ( I have to get the kills l0l)   And I am not a good kat I just know me being 2/0 can outlane say a morg or any cc hero.  Granted I did not say this will be a win but to get to my point.  Stop thinking counterpicks are really relevant in your bracket again I do not mean to be condescending but because I was once there I know what you can do to rise.  Outplaying is something you see rarely.   Example I was against a Jayce last night i got ganked by his jungle, then he hit 6 and tower dived me after.  0/2 right there.  I eventually died again 0/3 when my moakai came he got the kill.  Jayce then decided to dive me no minions there.  I survived with 20 hp so he would get the kill but despite having a crushing advantage like 40 cs on me lol.  One kick ignite let tower hit more go behind second tower wall for fog of war a q dead.   His comment "Outplayed".  So to summarize counterpicks are essentail in alot of elo's however, I have seen many taric+graves bot lose games.  Hell i just played a game where the enemy had a noc leona+varus bot that should shit on me in 1500 but I went 19/0.  A few simple plays makes you win the game despite being countered oh and Swain was counterpicked went 0/4 yorick raped him and gragas got raped as well their fizz was 4/0 one point.
0	I'm not sure why you're getting down voted. Taking care of this the legal way would probably make his wife take things more seriously, though I understand why someone would want to remain anonymous.  Granted it happened awhile ago but a lot of states give you a certain number of years (sometimes even up until you turn 30) to report abuse from when you're a minor.
1	I went 7-3 in my placement games... in 2 of the wins and all 3 of the losses, Yasuo was on the winning team. Every other game he was banned.
1	Wait seriously? If you use a skill for one thing, you can't use it for another thing until the CD is done!? :mindblown.gif:   Do you give lessons!?
1	Yes they very well may turn out that way.
1	Well I think if you want to REALLY improve your game focus one one single role and paly every champion that fits for it. I only play AP mid as long as my team is ok with it and I think that I learn new things everyday. The problem with roleswitching is that you don't have constant expierience. If I fuck up my 100-Kill-Combo in a game i will pick the same champ again and try to make it better the next 10 games.
0	I dl Fringe S05E12 last friday. I wait until this friday(yesterday) and I go to download Fringe S05E13. Uploaded: 1 week ago.
0	As a person who has rich parents -- not to be bigheaded, simply to be blunt -- I can't actually think of another way to say it other than what you just said. I've been working every summer since 9th grade and have a part time job while going to college. Yah my tuition was paid for til I was 22 and don't get me wrong -- I understand how lucky I am for that. It used to bother me more when I was younger when people reminded me that I was a "rich kid", but I got over it eventually. I would suggest though that more rich people taught their kids to be humble (I have so many friends that have never worked before) and more "not-so-rich" people discouraged their kids from bullying rich kids.
1	well you're the one who started it...   And for the record, base stats doesnt mean anything if you take it in isolation, you need to compare. Both GP and Sona doesn't have any defensive steroids, but GP is innately tankier than Sona at level 1 due to high base health and armour etc, when they have no items, runes, masteries or auras.   You gave a shitty example of Nunu having highest base health at level 18, because late game, itemization tends to go well with the champions kit more than base stats. A Nunu with two bloodthirsters, a phantom dancer and a last whisper is squishy late game, but he's still slightly tankier than a heimerdinger with the same items, runes, masteries and aura effects because of natural stats.   back to the context, if you compare Vayne's base stats (359 health, 9.3 armour) to other AD carries like Graves (410 health, 15 armour) or Kog (440 health, 13 armour) or Draven (420 health, 16 armour), it's obvious that she's pretty fucking squishy compared to the other AD carries. In direct early level trades, it takes one or two less auto attacks to kill her compared to other AD carries.  BUT  what makes her playable in top lane without being dropped to 0 is that she can harrass and poke with range, has high mobility, a gap closer with low cd, stealth, hard cc and a really good disengage.
