1	Chauster is shotcalling since last week, before then they had no main shot-caller and they had to force Chauster to do it because he wasn't feeling confident stepping up. The guy is getting used to his role and you are like inventing him some sort of huge ego when all he says in interviews is how he suck and how the team suck and how they need to learn the game all together to be able to do the right calls.   The chauster hate on this subreddit is really stupid as fuck, you guys are full of prejudices and false ideas. Hell you even go to say that Chauster made clg not being consistent. IVE BEEN A FAN OF CLG FOR 4 YEARS THEY HAVE NEVER BEEN CONSISTENT.
1	When I watch streamers, I like the following things:   -Tips centered around how you personally get ahead in that lane, such as when you like to push, how you connect your play style to map awareness (for instance different top laners explain different mindsets on aggression in connection to the enemy jungler and pushing.) -music (is nice to listen to, but not too loud that it blocks you out) -commentary (be detailed, and talk a ton.  Don't only give insight into your play and what's around you, but also talk about champions and reasons why different people are doing well (if there's downtime like a farmfest, practically shoutcasting your lane can be nice. -As someone else said, reliable times is amazing helpful. That way I don't tune in and hope to get lucky. -humor, make it funny, addict us to your personality. A lot of streamers are quirky, whereas you seem to be more of the chill type, similar to guardsman bob. Try to combine humor with your demeanor, and make something of a brand for yourself if you can. Unlike the yelling that highlights some streamers (Hotshotgg sometimes, and the rainman, which has been known to be a turnoff sometimes,) find something like Dyrus' monotone/pillow, or oddone's act of blaming champions for mistakes, never actual players--it's something that the viewers look for when they're watching and enjoy.
0	I am an claims adjuster for a company who's break cost is .04% compared to the resf of the company..
1	I like the second stream idea but I would rather it show just another spectator view. Mostly so you can watch replays while not interrupting the main view, but also to show other lanes when multiple lanes have action at the same time. This second screen wouldn't really need the same information as the first (mini-map, score) so there would still be plenty of room to show extra stats (or player reactions, or even ads) as was originally suggested
0	He is asking "am I the only one", not implying that he is the only one, but requesting affirmation of his suspicion that he is  not  the only one. Like Confession Bear, it's a 'popular opinion', but not something you would normally talk about, so talking about it can make people feel good together.   Imagine this exchange:  "Am I the only one that makes faces in the mirror at myself whenever I'm in front of one? (Because I suspect it's not just me.)"  Often, the answer would be, "Haha, it's not just you; I do that too! Now that we're talking about it, I think that actually everyone does it."  Or, if you've already had this conversation with someone before, I guess you can respond with, "Yes, everyone does that, and everyone knows everyone does that; shut up."   Similarly, "I must confess, I  think about eating babies randomly. I mean, I would never actually do it, but still."  To which one can say: "I know, right? Me too! I always wondered if other people did it."  Or else: "Everyone does this. It is obvious that everyone does this. You are not a unique snowflake."  Optionally: "WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU."   This is why marginalized groups do 'awareness' campaigns. "Hey, is anyone else gay? I feel like no one else is gay, because we're not allowed to talk about it. And I feel really alone." "Don't worry, you're not the only one. Lots of people are gay. You're not alone." They want people to be aware that it's normal, so they talk about it. Obviously, you're not being oppressed if the only thing you're confessing to is that you talk to your cat, but it's still nice to know that you're not alone, regardless of the reason. We like togetherness.
0	I'm the youngest, but it was pretty much my job to make sure by older brother (by 6 years) didn't do anything too stupid.  I'd say that was pretty hit or miss.   However, I see my sister doing shit like this to my nephew (10), who practically raises his younger brother (3) because the younger brother's dad is a complete dead beat and my sister is lazy.  She uses the "well that's why I had kids so they could do X thing" and it makes me want to vomit.  She thinks she should be given a medal because she has "hard times" every month.
1	This is honestly the first "Riot change the way you balance" post I have been on board with.   As a support main, the number of supports I feel that are viable simply because they build different items to fill different niches is outstanding. I love it, and I wish they could add the same diversity to other roles. People always say "oh if there's a new item then it'll either be better and become the go to item or it'll suck and never be used" but I don't really see that being the case. Things with unique passives or actives such as essence reaver and ardent censor are two great examples, they aren't good on everyone, but they are a stepping stone for champs who use them well to become viable.   That all being said, I think Riot is slowly coming to the same conclusion and I have faith that we'll start to see some more new items and open up the champion pool.
0	I've been there, man. I remember the looks I got from people when I decided to run. I felt so ashamed and began to not care about my health. Then decided (after much convincing) to work out indoors. I went from 300 to 250 then decided to run again. I still get looks but this time I dont care because I'm doing it for me, not them. Whenever I see someone heavy taking the initiative to live healthier, I always give them a thumbs up and smile because sometimes all you need is couragment to keep going.
0	Haha, not necessarily! After that first night we worked out a system where we extended out the side of the bed with pillows (of which had a lot????) and it worked out ok. Also, he'd spend the place at mine equally, and I had a bigger bed. When we moved in together we picked out a new mattress together.
0	Pure curiosity. As humans we are drawn to things that are new, unusual, rare. Seeing people die is obviously not a pleasant experience but it's strangely alluring to see something that most of us will never see in our lifetime. It also highlights just how quickly a life can be ended and this can give one new found respect for life and the people we love.
0	Total myth -- for adult males there is absolutely zero medical evidence that circumcision prevents UTIs.  Probably some reduced risk of certain infections, but the majority of the studies were very poorly controlled and the evidence is controversial.   There is some evidence that circumcision reduces the risk of UTI in infants [Pubmed link]( but the key message from the abstract is:   Systematic reviews have shown that circumcision reduces the risk of repeat infection but 111 circumcisions would need to be performed to prevent one UTI in unpredisposed boys. Given the need for anaesthesia and the risk of surgical complication, net clinical benefit is probably restricted to those who are predisposed (such as those with recurrent infection).   Moreover, there is actually some [evidence that circumcision drives UTIs in infants](   A nice, easy to read review can be found [here](   I've had the pleasure of having a string of UTIs in my late 20s (male) and the first thing my doctor wanted to do was cut me.  Being a scientist, I insisted on seeing the relevant data, and it turned out there was none.  Got a new doctor after that.
0	Fun fact, the colonial leaders actually didn't want representation. They knew that the tiny amount of representation they would have gotten wouldn't be enough to actually change anything, but it would give them no reason to call the British government oppressive.
1	Guardian angels win games, especially if you're already winning. I do honestly think it's too good for what it does and how it builds.   Need some MR? build a mantle then finish up your GA later. Need armor? Chain vest op, build GA later.   My problem isn't with GA itself, it's just how it builds and how much resist you can pull out of it with the basic parts of it before you even have the finished product.   Also another huge problem with GA is that if more than 1 person on your team gets it and gets it reasonably quickly it's pretty much a free team fight won. (we're talking basic level players here 1600 elo and below) then just stall out if you lose your GA's for 5 mins and repeat it, if you're taking objectives like baron and dragon off of these fights it's even worse.   Pretty much GA should not be able to be purchased before the 35 min point of the game. I have seriously carried games that were almost a certain loss and would of been had it not been for me and 1 other person rushing GA other than damage. Duo queue with a friend? Rush 2 Ga's when you're losing and see what happens. I'm not saying you'll win, but it will give you a HUGE chance of a come back if you're team fighting because most players at lower levels don't understand how to reserve themselves, they'll go all in and waste all their stuff downing your GA's/trying to win the fight.
1	Pick a champion you like, and play only them. Play them everywhere, anywhere. Build them with new items, try new masteries on them, play them until you're sick of them, and keep on playing them. Nothing teaches you about this game faster than mastering a single champion.   What does this do? Well, once you get comfortable with a champion, you stop thinking about the champion you're playing and more about the game you're playing. Let's use Singed as an example. If you've played so much Singed that you don't even have to think about what you're doing with him or how to execute any combos, then you start to notice things about the game you'd never have thought about before (or would have learned much more slowly). The match-ups you face, the different types of junglers you deal with (both on your team and against), or even what you wish was different about each game's experience, so much changes after you get super comfortable with a champion.   Honestly, nothing made me learn more about this game than when I played 100 games as Katarina. I've seen several of my friends join League and play 1 champion from lvl ~5-30. They learn so much faster than friends who decide to dip into several champions. They honestly do, some of them can handle their own vs players with 2 years of experience just because they've dedicated themselves to Ashe or Kennen. Even most pro players got to high Elo because they initially played a single champion. Reginald with Shaco, HotshotGG with Nidalee, Dyrus with Singed, Scarra and Katarina.   &nbsp;   &nbsp;
1	Op wanted my kit. If it looks weird because of all the edits, its just a copypasterino.   > In all honesty this would be an amazing champion. The lore they could put behind her being brought out of thresh's lantern, or even fighting her way out, would be so incredible. And if we got to keep this champ as is in this drawing, rito would have my money in an instant.   Edit: A letter   Edit 2: I Promised a kit, so here goes.   Edit 3: More words   I've created her as a mage with some mobility. I tried to take aspects from both Thresh and Lucian and put them in to Senna's kit, and as is obvious, none of this is set in stone. Please for all that is awesome, help me balance her! Feedback is most welcome!   for reference throughout this long post:   Bold will be for skill names      This text will explain the skill    (Parentheses will be for explaining why I have the skill in the kit, and what it does.)   Passive- Spellslinger       After every spell Senna casts, she may cast a no-cost Ardent Blast that does 1/4    the damage of a normal Ardent blast. This has a separate cool down from her regular     Ardent Blast.    (I tried to make this like Lucians passive, but more fun and engaged with her kit. It does a small amount of damage because i don't want it being too overpowered)   Q- Ardent Blast      Senna throws forth a spectral blast, damaging enemies in a circle, dealing    more damage near the center of the ability.    (Every mage needs their primary damage spell, and this one is Senna's. Its low mana cost, low cool down, but also low damage, think Ezreal q, but it deals 50% damage at the edge of the circle and 100% damage near the center. I'm thinking 700 range, with no cast time. This skill is also vital for her passive and ult.)   W-Wax/Wane      In a line in front of Senna, she ebbs the flow of space, and sends a wave     of energy to and from a target point in a straight line. If this ability connects    with a champion, it will push them away 100 units. If this ability connects     with one of the end rods of Senna's "Soul Tether' wall, then it moves the     wall 100 units towards her.    (This is one of Senna's most crucial skills when paired with her E, it is supposed to be somewhat like flay. It was originally going to move  only champions instead of the wall, but I think it is a little less overpowered. 600ish range?)   E-Soul Tether     Passive- If an enemy champion is damaged by "Soul Tether", they gain a    stack of soul tethers passive. At one stack the champion is slowed by    30%. At four stacks they are stunned for 2 seconds    Active- Senna summons two spikes from the ground (think thresh box    wall corners) tethered together by an ethereal chain (think Karthus wall,   except only 4 Teemos wide and very thin). if an enemy champion steps   through this chain they take a small amount of damage. If a champion    moves 50 units through the tether while it is still active, they take the    same damage again. Senna may re cast this ability on either of the spikes    to jump to that spike 100 units away in a line with the tether.    (So. This is the most important skill on Senna. It is her mobility and her stun, which is weird, cause you can't use it to get away and stun at the same time. the combo with this and her w is as follows, Land the tether on a champion (proc 1, slows), jump to a spike and cast your w on the tether to move the wall back and your opponent forth, forcing them to move through it (procs 2 3 & 4, stuns enemy). Keep in mind every spell she casts gives her a free q as well, so weave those in there somewhere.)   R-Walk in to the Light     Senna Summons an ethereal pistol, and fires a barrage of 10 (maybe 15)    Ardent Blasts at an opponent over 3 seconds. while her ultimate is active,    these 10 ardent blasts will home in on the enemy it was first cast on. If    Senna Does not wish to target an enemy with the blasts, she may hold    down R instead, and they will be aimed at her cursor. Senna may move    freely during "Walk in to the Light".    (Kind of like a Syndra ultimate but with more freedom, I think this will be a high damaging skill, but right now i don't want to make her too overpowered, best to start small and work up, right? )
1	I've been playing League for about 3 years now.   I started to play the game because most of my friends were playing this while I was playing HoN, I came over thinking League was the lesser game. which is somewhat true, if you just take the mechanics at heart, but I digress.   Ended season 1 just about Bronze and was disgusted with myself as I thought I would fare much better coming off a similar game with a 2000elo, yes it's a totally different game, but I thought my skillset of HoN would translate easily into League... which didn't at all. I tried to play Super carry every single time as of how I was winning my HoN games most of the time.   Problem is... there is no real Hyper carry in LoL and is much more team oriented than HoN will ever be. Took me awhile to adjust myself, playing with trolls and being unable to carry because of it made me rage quite a bit, but I persevered and ended Season 2 in Gold with a highest rating of 1700 before the rating collapse just before the end of the season.   Now season 3 is abound and took me forever to get out of silver 1 (I was placed there for some reason at the beginning of the season although my rating was much higher). I think I failed my promotion like 5 times. But I persevered again, I'm currently Gold 5 promotion to 4 and looking to get to Plat this season.   I've played a shit tons of games, face palmed more than what not, but I've found out that attitude is everything. I'm a stubborn guy and I cannot tell you how many times I went on a losing streak of like 15 games only because I wanted to get back the elo I had lost from two back to back losses. Now I just stop playing after losing two or three games depending on how I play. I mean you can tell if you're just playing badly or not, because if I don't I will lose continuously and I bet you do too.   Another thing that people don't seem to do enough is work with your team, as I stated above, coming from HoN I was used to just pick an Hypercarry and roll faces, but this cannot be done in League of Legends or at least, not by yourself. I never wanted to support, because when was the last time you heard of a support carrying? Well due to being the better man, I found myself supporting quite a bit in late season two and early season three and I will dare to say that I've become quite good at it. I've found out that while I'm a beast hyper carry in MOBA that let's me, I am a much better support / enabler in League of Legends, my main roles are junglers and support and what I do is enable my team mates to carry as I hope them being ahead can make up for future errors that they'll do.   Be the one that makes the calls. in solo queue nobody calls shit, be that guy, be the team captain. I can guarantee you that it works more often than not, your team will listen accordingly (because most of them are just looking for direction, so why not be the one taking charge?), use pings to your advantage, communicate with your team, don't let anything to chance. Also, try to calm people down, stay positive, most of the time, debbie downers will not be able to go against your positive energy if you keep saying keep it up / it's fine / we're still into this / focus. If they do though, just don't reply to their remarks, I can't stress this enough (especially on NA)  DO NOT FALL TO THEIR LEVELS ,  do not play their games .   Because the rabbit hole goes down as far as the rabbit wants.   So yeah, I'll be honest, it's been a bitch to get out of Silver 1 even if I ranked much higher in season 2, but now everything is Gold again and I'm making my way up to Plat. You just have to realize that even if you do everything right and still lose, Solo Queue should not be about Elo, it's really about improving yourself as a player fixing the errors you do in a game, take advantage of the successes you had and bring that attitude forward to your following game. I wasn't good enough to carry myself out of Silver 1, failed my promotion so many times, but I knew I could do it. Analyzed my games and noticed my failures, fixed the errors and finally did it.   wall of text; shame on me
1	I can't listen to LS, mostly because all the people he's vilifying that "don't know anything", he's the same, he's just saying the opposite.  XJ9 did some heinous shit.  we all agree on that.  why LS is getting anxiety because of it, i have no idea, because he's a drama queen?   at 16/17 you know right and wrong, my niece, she's 6, knows right and wrong.  i'm not a dr, but XJ9 does seem like he has a screw loose somewhere.  i don't think he's a psychopath or a sociopath, but he definitely doesn't understand action/consequence...and if he does, then he doesn't care, which is a whole different ball of wax.   The difference between XJ9 and Incarnati0n are that Incarnati0n was a troll and a DDOS'er.  I wouldn't let him back in, but he's back.  What he did was shitty, but it only affected in game stuff.  What XJ9 did was attempt to ruin a girls life.  LS talks about cyberbullying, but thats WHAT XJ9 did.  LS defends it by saying "oh, you didn't see her face", so that makes it better?   I'm glad he's perma banned, i don't feel bad that if people look up his name that they'll see what he did.  Its called accountability.  Just like anyone that breaks the law, it appears on their record, so should this.  He didn't troll someone in game.  The fact that LS is trying to rationalize this is somewhat sickening.  As a community, we're supposed to empathize with XJ9 because League was taken from him when he thought he was getting back after a 2 year ban?  I certainly don't.  Riot is a company with an image to uphold, by saying "hey, its ok, what he did.  He served his time, lets let him back in so he can play." that minimizes the potential damage he did to some girls life, and why?  Because she played Lee Sin?  Are you KIDDING ME?
0	Yes, because after the other roasts, so many people's career has raised or cameback, right? Not to mention that it will re-run for a good month or two whether or not it obtains decent ratings.   To further add, he has a strong fan base and that fan base will give the show the desired ratings. Op nor many people who browse reddit are within that demographic and do not understand how strong his fan base really is.   So it is best just to sit back, relax and watch a douche get made fun of.
0	I don't think any Bostonian considers the city strong BECAUSE it was attacked. I think we consider the city strong because one of the largest metropolitan areas in the world was successfully put on lockdown by the police in a successful manhunt, something that would be unthinkable in most cities (can you imagine all of the people complaining about the inconvenience?). Also, not a SINGLE bombing victim who made it to a hospital alive died. This is a huge testament to the quality of Boston EMS and its hospitals, not to mention all of the bystanders who jumped in to give first aid within seconds of the explosions. Those are what make us proud to be from this city.
1	We can assume that, with a 0 mph frame of reference for Solipsze, that the flash frost will be traveling at 220mph. That's a rate of 3.67 miles per minute, or 0.27 minutes per mile.
1	I run two most of the time because it allows me to both sustain in lane when I'm playing passive and trade well, especially if you are just poking.  I about to give a really bad example.  Lets say two champs with equal stats fight each other.  Both have 400 hp and 15 armor.  (I never said it was a good example)  One has 3 ls quints (ADC 1), the other has 2 ls 1 ad (ADC 2).  Both of them trade one auto.  ADC 1 will take 37.25 and heal back 2.1 from his auto to have a total of 364.85 Hp.  ADC 2 will take 35 damage from the auto and heal back 1.49 for a total of 366.49 Hp. Obviously, a situation where a situation where this will occur is rare, there are abilities and attack speed to take into account.  Like if you play Trist and max q first, you can go the 3 life steal quints and sustain the whole trade.  Or maybe your style or preferred build has you buying almost no life steal then its better to rely on the 6% over the 4% late game.
1	I wouldn't wait a second to ask Zoro if I was CLG.  He has everything they need, synergy with the jungler(thats super important), mechanics, meta champions, and as far as I know he has a pretty good attitude.
0	There are millions of undiagnosed spergians out there. Guy at the college for people on disability i went to was one of the most autistic people i have ever met but he was there because he had migraines. He also refused to believe he had any form of autism.
0	Dude she left that Scumbag Steve because he was a Scumbag Steve and now you get to fuck her brains out.   I'm in that boat with you man. Girlfriend did some dirty stuff, asshole boyfriend opened his mouth and told everyone in our school (even made up stories and such).   Turns out she stopped cause he was an asshole. Now she's with me (almost been a year) and sex is fucking fantastic because she isn't one of those lifeless motionless girls.
0	Patching WoW and auto-downloads from steam sometimes don't play nice.  I tried this one time and spent 5 hours trying to trick her computer's steam into thinking it had already downloaded a game.
0	This is why I've resorted to using my card for everything over here. I grew up in Australia and paid cash for everything, purely because I knew how much I was spending and could get rid of my change in a timely manner. Over here though, you don't have a chance to get the right change out without getting dirty looks for taking too long.
1	because like 1% of the players get boosted.   You'll be surprised how many players in the league community get boosted. Not just by buying boost online, but from personal connections as well.   Another thing is, players in 3v3 or 5v5 who get diamond for example work with a team and it doesn't show their individual skills. In solo Q, this is much harder to achieve because of the random teammates and you have to have individual skills inorder to get to diamond. It's not fair for those in Solo Q who reach diamond with random people and they SOLO'D their way to have the same rewards as those who works with 4 other people that they know and communicate with so well that got diamond.
1	It goes without saying that it is "more complex that commonly perceived".  What I meant by "not that hard" was in a completely non-absolute scale. It's functionality of a large-scale system that serves millions of people, of course it's complex for any number of small, moderately experienced people.  However one needs to keep in mind it is a brand new feature so there is a pretty decent chance the code there is "cleaner" than in older, core aspects of the game. Given the resources and man-hours that a corporation like Riot has available it is simply my belief that it is a  worthy time investment . I never said it was easy or demanded it to be out next patch. I simply put it out there in case people in Riot forgot about it or thought it wasn't worth it.  I really don't see why I got downvoted due to not stating something already obvious. Every single discussion/request such as this is made with all those aforementioned arguments already in mind because it's a fundamental truth.
1	it's more costefficient in the long run, but do you think you can stay alive with a early oracle 100% of the time?   if yes, then you're a Beast!!!
1	Played against a tryn this week the dude could legit 1v3 our team he was so fed to the point he could 1v5 and splitpushed his way to win his team was feeding and we would even win 4v4 but as soon as he shows up we insta loose the fight his final score 27/3
1	Do not get Tear/AA. Start with boots 3 pot, transition to however many doran rings you want (2 is enough). Very strong harass still.   Level Q first, don't use your AoE all that often (burns mana and isn't worth it save for getting kills early game).   Orianna is incredibly fun to play because she has great burst and can also save overaggressive allies. I LOVE playing with an initiator, because I can Shield the ball over to them, Ulti flip everyone close to him, Dissonance AoE for snare and damage, and then move the ball a little bit for that extra punch to get a kill.
1	This has been discussed over and over.     Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	So I main kha, have about 100 ranked games with him in the jungle, and all the people talk about the "nerf" and his clear time. But really he got buffed, his ulti got changed and is now 2 seconds of invis instead of 1. at full has 6 seconds of invis during a team fight which resets your passive 3 times, this is huge and can totally turn a team. Sure his clear is hurt but it was never fantastic until you get hydra, and hydra is more than enough to up your clear time.
1	Learning from your mistakes is key. Watch replays of your games and see how you can benefit more to winning the game. Some games I had bad games but ultimately my team lost from poor play collectively and a lack of communication. Are you calling mia?If they are MIA, you better be pinging lanes so they dont get ganked. Though tedious, this is what you have to do to raise your elo enough where you will then not need to do this.   //Random story of the day.... I'm at 1570 elo and some people I play with should not be there. My last game I had a teammate who never said anything until his turn (last pick) and after picking udyr top who he had never played before, he proceeded to only say "fk u". Just watching him play top and seeing his 40 cs in 20 minutes makes me cringe. However, I did what I could to gank (as ryze) and we proceeded to win because while he was bad, we all communicated well and everyone else played well enough to mask the udyrs poor skill.
0	When did this happen? Google doesn't care about your IP when it comes to authenticating your session... the only way to gain access to somebodies Google account would be to deliberately (it can't be done accidentally) grab their session token from an intercepted cookie and then use that session token yourself... and that's been impossible to do for  many years  thanks to default (and now forced) HTTPS on Google, Facebook, etc.
1	I just want there to be a good resource for information about the Chinese league. Leaguepedia doesn't seem to have much on it, people never know when there's a big tournament going on, I don't even know if they stream on Twitch or not.
1	To be fair it's not that he was relying on the fact the he was "famous". At his ELO pretty much everybody knows each other and the champions they play. I'm not saying it was right for Froggen to rage like that but the incident mainly happened because Eve trolled him. Watching most high elo streams you'll hear "Oh it's X, he plays Y." or "Oh man, not X he bought his account." I watched a Dyrus video on how to play singed earlier today and at the loading screens he noticed a player and said "Oh it's X, he defaulted to Yorick because he only plays Singed, Yorick, Y and Z."   There's a big difference between you not knowing who plays what and them not knowing. The difference is pretty much you not knowing what role/champions your friends play. I watched Hafu's stream yesterday and she played against 5/6 of the same people three games in a row. The reason queue times are so long at that elo is because sometimes you have to wait for a game to end for there to be enough people to start a game.
1	I can't donate to Kickstarter, but I would like to donate.
1	I repeat, that's only because Garena allows their teams to have players regardless of age, while Riot doesn't. Garena sends its own teams and Riot sends its own. Why would the tourney have rules made by Riot, but applied to  every team, even the ones that are not paid by Riot?  Riots' rules apply to Riot teams and Garena rules apply to Garena teams. I repeat, he knew these rules, if he wanted to bypass them, he shouldn't cry now and beg for some sort of regulation, he should go to TW.
1	I agree with rotarytiger but I think his statement that ranked games are not for fun is false. I believe that they are for fun but the fun comes from winning.
0	Okay, he said "I get dirty looks for..." and you're calling BS, but had he phrased it "I have gotten dirty looks for..." you wouldn't have objected? Have I gotten that right?   If so, you might want to be a bit more careful to avoid inferring things which have not been implied.   To expand on that, despite your apparent inference, "I get [x]s" does not denote how frequently [x] happens - the most one can infer absent further context is that it has happened on more than one occasion, and that at least one such occasion was sufficiently recent that the speaker can reasonably assume it will occur in the future under similar circumstances.   Neither "rarely" nor "sometimes", nor "regularly", nor "frequently", are implied. It could have been any of those based on the comment to which you were replying.   Also, regarding:   > Because I live in the real world   From a quick glance at your comment history, it seems you're Danish. Of course shit like this is pretty much implausible in Denmark - I've been there, I know firsthand you guys are extremely level-headed compared to "normal" people here in the US, much less our suburbanite soccer/hockey moms who are needlessly and excessively paranoid about their children as a product of being taught slogans such as "[stranger danger]( while growing up. Unfortunately, we're in the real world as well, just opposite sides thereof, and things are a bit different here - when you couple the aforementioned "stranger danger" propaganda with various facts and statistics, such as...     45-50+% of all marriages end in divorce, separation, annulment, etc^1   29% of marriages wherein the woman was under 44 years old and it was her first marriage end in divorce within 10 years,^2   laws effectively favor the mother over the father in the event of disputed custody:   where primary custody is concerned (i.e. there is some joint custody or visitation arrangement), mothers outnumber fathers 5 to 1,^3   Note: I apologize because I can't seem to locate the numbers right now, but I do recall from the last time I had to look up these numbers that it goes up significantly where sole custody (no joint legal or physical custody, no visitation) is concerned. Something like 10 to 1, sole custody mothers outnumber sole custody fathers.         ...you can see that single fathers aren't terribly common (and they're very uncommon in suburbia, particularly if the father isn't particularly well-dressed since there's a presumption that a "poor" father would be far less likely to win custody), and sometimes one of these paranoiacs sees a man with a child and freaks out, sometimes even calling the cops on the man.^4 This can be much worse when race is a factor (that is, the father and child appear to be of different races e.g. the video above, or /u/shogo elsewhere in this thread, who said he looks Puerto Rican and his daughter is pale-skinned with blonde hair and blue eyes).   Hope this helps clear things up for you!
0	I don't think it's the best people are  knocked  out.  The winner of the voice is locked into a recording contract with Universal, and I think 100 grand.  Nothing to sneeze at until you see how much the label makes on those records.  Let's say that I'm Adam, and I want to sign the phenomenally talented Kat Perkins, and get the phat dollars that come from signing an artist.  I can't do that if she's locked into a contract with Universal, and I know she's going to be profitable.  As her coach, I"m going to throw her a curveball.  I'm going to have her sing something that I don't think is going to go over with the voting public.  Now, she's voted off the island, and here I come with a shoulder to cry on, and a record deal.  This record deal is fatter than the one she would have gotten with Universal, since I don't pay for advertising or a show on TV.  Now I make my fat salary for being on the show, I sign a phenomenal artist and make their life a hell of a lot better, and the general public thinks they really decide who gets to make it big.  Win-Win-Win.
1	Even if he only responded to people who flamed him and his bann (not the content bann) was unjustified -> doesn't matter. By creating an account, you express your accept to the supremacy of mods and admins. If they tell you to stop, you stop or you argue with them privately (there are several ways to do this, and as a well-known user, there is no chance that they won't listen to you). If you don't manage to convince them, you just accept the unfairness of the mod team and stay away from the forum.   One could argue, that r/lol is that big and important, that it is basically a part of the general lol-infrastructure, meaning the mod/admin team has the responsibility to make sure, r/lol is accessable to use for making business. In this case: RL fucked up even harder, or could you imagine a case in which walmart ,,bans'' (holy shit, my english sucks) a person who gets involved in trouble everytime he walks into a store and then goes to court to bring the store management to fall?
1	I believe you have answered your own question, no?   Both Broodwar and Warcraft3 have a mechanic that gives an advantage on high ground. Meaning, they reward you for better positioning. How they implemented it is a design choice: it doesn't have to be random. Or if it is random, players should feel justified being hit by it.   My theory of the reason behind RNG is because many games are designed with players VS AIs in mind. Randomness helps bring challenge of overpowered but stupid AIs as they are incapable of making mistake. RNG is what makes bosses in JRPG bosses, even more so in MMORPG.   On crit every X attacks, I meant like Yi or Annie passive. Riot could've make them 20% chance of causing stun (like Ogre Magi in DotA), but they went with another direction, and that more or less reflect their design choices.
1	I wouldn't be surprised if you've already thought of this. What If you could see the honor you were getting (and maybe your team's honor too) in the score screen. That way you could see when your teammates honor you, and be more likely to honor other people. As is stands now, some people never give out honor (and admitted it), while others like to honor everyone who deserves it, but nobody knows if their teammates are nice enough to do so until after they leave, and by then you can't change your mind. It would also encourage discussion after the fact when you realize "Hey, I'm surrounded by nice people who didn't talk a lot in game so I never noticed."
1	Uh... he's not saying your
1	You're thinking about ranked the wrong way. You don't need to "carry" every game, you just need to "outplay" the person playing your corresponding role. In the long run you'll gain elo if you're better than the people around you, because if you get people on your team who are "bad"/feed/dc etc, your opponents will have the same chance of getting it too (in fact, they might get a better chance of getting "worse" players, or someone who'll dc if you know you won't / know you're better than them).
0	Nope, the whole charade is a waste of money incentivized by tax breaks. You get the two most insidious hell spawn ever birthed: church and state together in a holocaust of any actual meaning. Hell even the people you invite to your wedding are expected to buy stuff.
1	I think that what a lot of people don't realize is that, while I agree that the changes were not a step in the right direction, and that there are problems in the jungle, the problems in the jungle are not nearly as easy to fix as everyone makes them out to be. The jungle is one of the most dynamic places that Riot has to balance, and it's not as simple as tweaking numbers. As a basis, many of the things which slow-clearing junglers/tank junglers need would be OP when applied to the current crop of top tier junglers (and some of the crop from last season). This creates a problem where creating an item, tweaking jungle monsters' numbers, etc. may fix the B, C, and D tiers, but they will still be the B, C, and D tiers. For the most part, the A tier will still be the A tier, and there will still be a similar pool of meta champions. The major difference will be in the relative power of junglers. Making tank junglers viable using numbers and simple items will usually force the A tier of junglers to become ridiculously strong, snowbally, etc. Riot's problem is that balancing the relative powers of all types of junglers at a decent level is a job that is much harder than it looks.
0	After a soccer match I teamed up with some random guys to go for a night of heavy drinking. After a couple of hours in a crowded karaoke bar, I found myself talking to some guy, who seemed fine enough. Until he suddenly stood up and made the Nazi Salute right beside me facing the whole bar.
1	Can't see more than 2 asian teams making it to the finals. So I would say 2 out of the three from Najin, Frost, and IG. I would say that either IG or Frost won't make it our of group A, and that Najin will make it out of group B. For the western teams, I would say most likely we'll see CLG.eu, and then it's a real toss up between M5, TSM, CLG.NA, and dig. I don't have confidence that SK will make it out of group A, since they don't seem like they have a full comprehensive idea of asian teams as much as CLG does. I would love to see dig make it out of groups, but at the same time I don't know if they can beat out CLGEU and Najin.   For the finals specifically I would say it'll be one asian vs one western. It's a very good chance that the asian team that we will be seeing will be one of the two from group A, and I think that of the western teams out there CLGEU has the highest chance of making it to the finals.
0	holy shit! if you actually read what I wrote and thought about it you'd realize 3 comments later you are still agreeing with me and now violently so.
1	On the Nautilus vs Vi analysis -   Q - the hitbox difference seems to be pretty huge, just as the fact that Vi will usually max it first - fluffing a q is a huge deal in that situation -  and needs to charge it. Oh, and naut q pulls the target.   W - %hp and shred might be nice, but the Naut shield really adds up later. Especially that, on such a tank, it is not easy to break, while at the same time having to be broken in order to stop him from applying the aoe burn. Vi's w requires her to attack a target repeatedly and is limited to one person.   E - again, it's not "just some aoe with a slow". Insofar, naut has his passive, his q and now this, Vi has a charged-up mini-knockup. That really does make a difference.   R - kind of have to agree here, with but one remark - r forces Vi to go to someone, Naut can always R someone and then peel or engage another target while the primary one is ripped to shreds by an assasin or whatnot.   Overall, Vi and Naut both fulfill different roles and trying to compare them is just impractical, and OP's comparison was based on trying to show how Naut's weaker than Vi in the bruiser category. He is but, frankly, I'd rather have him ganking and teamfighting than her. The problem with the jungle, in my opinion, is based solemnly on tank's slower clears and being prone to counterjungling.
1	No it's not. RS classic is and has been free for a very long time. It's a ghost-town. "Oldschool" is basically the 2007 version of RS that is separate from the main game. A lot of people hated the Evolution of Combat so they released Oldschool.
1	You lose LP, but you dont lose MMR. You will still be playing with the same tier of people whether you dodge 1 game or 100. LP is also attatched to your MMR, abd after you win or lose, your MMR is adjusted and your LP gains are determined by how close you are to your MMR. So if you get a forced dodge (-3 LP), your next win should rectify your LP deficit, so if you gain 14 LP for that next win, you have gained a net 11 LP, which is what you would have gotten if you won the game you dodged.   This is an oversimplification and works the other way too, you lose 3, then lose a game that costs you 10, meaning a net 13 loss. If you lost the game you dodged, you would have lost the 13 up front.
1	Rengar main with over 300+ games in ranked here, currently D4 on EUW (soon d3!).   I play him both top and jungle, and both in the assassin/bruiser style. I'm looking forward to his rework a LOT because I believe there are some things that aren't right in his design. He's made to go all in, to rush in and force trades, then to kite/chase and get his cooldowns back to follow with an empowered spell, or keept it and surprise burst with it.   Main issue is, most champs that are designed the same way have a tool that cries "Imma win this trade" (jax's E, trynda's taunt, fiora's parry, trundle's Q,riven's E, ...). In rengar's case, it's a slight armor and armor buff. To be frank this spell main purpose and why we're using it is only to build ferocity and deal some magic damages. That's another part that I'm starting to dislike about rengar, you only think about what empowered spell you will use, but as for your normal spells, you use them whenever they're ready without a second thought, since what you want is basically get those 5 stacks.   His passive is extremely satisfying and can make for some great plays, probably the best part of his kit. His auto attack reset also feels tremendously good.   His ult is great, as well, but it becomes too important mid/late game to rengar. Basically, you won't initiate/respond to a fight without your ult. It's like the current rengar is unable to take an efficient teamfight without his ult. His bola strike doesn't have the range to poke outside of the lane, and he has to take too many hits just to throw one (especially if he goes full AD).   I totally understand why people would want to nerf his ult or remove it, it's not fun at all to get initiated by something you can't respond to, and even more to get instakilled. Evelynn is currently in the EXACT same spot as rengar, and it could actually be much worse   Also last but not least, I'm really hyped up to test reworked rengar for his bola strike becoming a skillshot. It will make kiting from a distance possible, and skirmishes much better for rengar. Currently if there's a trynd/riven/jax/lee/riven/shyv/... running behind your back to get you, you have nothing beside your ult. This is the ONE part when playing rengar that is extremely frustrating, this means that if you get even slightly behind, you will get tower dived to death.
0	You don't feel a little cheated? We never get recognized for anything outstanding. People are joking around saying comedians and hockey. Those aren't monumental things. I would have liked to see Canada portrayed in the correct light in that film! At the very least, it would have been nice if Ben didn't make up the part about coming up with the whole idea; yea, the guy (don't remember main characters name) was a hero and carried through with the plan and kicked ass...did he have to steal the idea glory from us too??
0	This is hardly related, but I once met a dude at a party who remembered just a shitload about me. He described, in perfect detail, a field trip that we took in cub-scouts when we were toddlers. It was as if we had been friends our entire lives and I had just neglected him or something. I felt so awkward until later that night, when it was revealed to me that he did the same thing with everyone he met. Like, the dude remembered everything that had ever happened to him in perfect clarity. I ended up sitting in my buddy's garage and just having him dig up all of these memories of mine that I hadn't thought of in several years. He described people that I had known during my childhood that had since faded almost entirely from memory and shed light on what exactly my friends and I were like as children. It was fucking awesome.
1	I can't say I've never made a mistake that I knowingly knew was wrong, so all I've got to say is, good on your part for refunding the donations (if it's true, I didn't bother to click your links) and apologizing.   Second, I just read your
1	I'm not even ranked yet (lvl20, been playing 2 months) and I know enough to know I'm not good haha. I suppose it also depends who you play with. I keep ending up in 5v5 with friends who are Gold 3. Nothing screws over a lvl 13's confidence then versing Silvers ADC while still figuring out how team fighting works. (Wait? I'm ranged AP? WHY DOES LEONA KEEP JUMPING ME!)
0	The entitlement thing is easier to understand if you include in the equation that the costs of a college education have risen dramatically, even accounting for inflation.  (A recent post I saw on reddit said 300% increase, accounting for inflation.)  The cost of living has also increased.  Wages for jobs that a high school educated human could get hired for: not keeping up with inflation.  It isn't so easy to "put [yourself] through college unless you are willing to take on enormous debt (as I did because my family did not have the means to contribute to my education).  I worked so as to take out as few loans as possible and I also had a partial scholarship for my post-graduate work.  I still left with debt I will be saddled with for many years.
1	I personally think you are underestimating teemo's damage. I'm bored and math is cool so i'll do some as well.     You said Teemos base health at 18 was 1910 but that isn't counting his items or armor   Teemo Defensive Stats   HP: 1910 + (300 from liandry's) = 2210   Armor: 88.05 + (9 from runes) + (50 from armor) = 147.05   Magic Resist: 30 + (12 from runes) = 42     Teemo Offensive Stats   Since we are assuming Vayne is full build with 1 defensive item, I will do the same for Teemo.   Pretty standard Teemo build: Zhonya's, Deathcap, Morellonomicon, Sorc Boots, Void Staff, Liandry's Torment   AD: 44.5 + (3*18) = 98.5   AP: (15 from runes) + (120 from zhonya) + (120 from deathcap) + (80 from morellonomicon) + (70 from void staff) + (50 from liandrys) = 455 * (1.30 for deathcap 30%) = 591.5   Magic Pen: (35% of Vaynes magic resist prior to flat pen [ 92 * .35] ) + (7.8 from runes) + (15 from sorc boots) + (15 from liandry's) = 70   Attack Speed: 1.11 at level 18     Teemos abilities:   Basic Attack: 98.5 AD - 129.5 Armor = 0 Damage   On Hit from toxic shot = 50 + (591.5 * 0.3) = 227.3 - 22 = 205.3   Magic Damage per second from toxic shot = 30 + (591.5 * 0.1) = 89.15 - 22 = 67.15   I'm not sure how to go about accounting for liandry's so I'll just leave it out.   So, a Basic attack will do 205.3 burst damage and then 67.15 damage every second for 4 seconds.   the basic attack can be done 1.11 times every second but the DoT only refreshes it's timer and does not stack.   Blinding Dart:   260 + (591.5 * 0.8) = 733.2 - 22 = 711.2   Cooldown: 8 seconds * .8 (20% cooldown reduction from morellonomicon) = 6.4s   Noxious Trap:   112.5 + (591.5 * 0.2) = 230.8 - 22 = 208.8 every second for 4 seconds.     Vaynes Defensive Stats   HP: 359+(83*18) = 1853   Armor: 9.3 + (3.4*18) + (9 from runes) = 79.5   Magic Resist: 30 + (12 from runes) = 42   Now with GA   Armor: 79.5 + 50 = 129.5   Magic Resist: 42 + 50 = 92   So, Vaynes Stats after Penetration are:   HP:1853   Armor:129.5   Magic Resist: (92 - 70) = 22     Vayne Offensive Stats   (i'm going to use my runes i play adc's with for this which is 7 ad 15% attkspeed   You calculated her AD to be: 235, lets add runes (+7 damage ) = 242AD   and her critical chance to be: 75%   Vaynes level 18 attk speed is 1.132 * (25 zerks + 40 bortk + 15 runes + 50 PD + 40 shiv) = 1.9244     Vayne Abilities   Basic attack:   from your post with changed AD to reflect runes:   > However 3 of 4 shots have crit so we have to multiply 3 of these 4 shots by 2.5 (200% damage from crits plus another 50% from IE) so that means > 242 x 2.5 = 605 > three of the autos are going to do 605 damage and the last is going to do 242 which means > 605 * 3 = 1815 > 1815 + 242 = 2057 damage   so lets divide this by 4 to get the average damage per auto attack.   2057/4 = 514.25   lets also assume that vayne is in final hour for the entire fight since it's 12 seconds long.   514.25+70 = 584.25   Now we also have to take into account the 8% current life damage from botrk. To do this very sketchily I will divide teemos max life in half because thats the average health he'll have between his max health and no health. and then take 8% of that.   2210/2 = 1105 * .08 = 88.4 which gets added straight to physical damage dealt.   584.25+88.4 = 672.65   Tumble is up every 2 seconds. Tumble adds 50% AD to basic attack.   242/2 = 121   Vaynes attack speed is 1.9244. So she will tumble, and be able to auto about 3 times before tumble is back up.   121/3 on an average auto attack = 40.3 damage   now add this to our total again.   672.65+40.3 = 712.95   now subtract teemos armor from this   712.95 - 147.05 = 565.9   Bortk also gives 10% lifesteal which is 565.9 * 0.1 = 56.59 healing per auto attack   Lets add silver bolts real quick.   60 + (8% teemos max life [ 2210 * 0.08 = 176.8 ]) = 236.8 TRUE DAMAGE every 3 auto attacks.   divided by 3 for average damage per auto attack.   236.8/3 = 78.9   adding these two together to get the average damage per auto attack (this is obviously very skewed, hard to account for probabilities in a clean fashion.)   565.9+78.9 = 644.8 damage per auto attack.   for completions sake ill add condemn to this list.   185 + (242/2) = 306 - 147.05 = 158.95 damage assuming he doesn't get hit into a wall.   370 + 242 = 612 - 147.05 = 464.95 damage if he does.   oh yeah and botrk active   10% of teemos max life: 221 - 147.05 = 73.95   this also heals vayne for the unmitigated damage of 221.     CONCLUSION: Fight Calculations   The Start  So like you said Teemo blinding darts and autos vayne once before she goes into stealth. Teemos blinding dart if you look it up actually blinds for 2.5 seconds at max rank.   So Blinding Dart + auto = 711.2 + 205.3 = 916.5 in burst damage putting her at 936.5 HP   at this point vayne cannot attack so she goes into stealth. when she comes out after 1 second she still cannot attack for 1.5 seconds. additionally she took 67.15 more damage from toxic shot while in stealth putting her at 869.35 HP   as you said teemo then auto attacks her as she comes out of stealth dealing another 205.3 burst damage putting her at 664.05   Also as you said she steps on a shroom (because why not) dealing 208.8 damage at the end of the next second which is also when the poison ticks again for 67.15 damage and teemo also is doing another auto attack for another 205.3 damage.   this makes her hp 664.05-208.8-67.15-205.3 = 182.8   blind lasts for 2.5 seconds: we accounted for 1 in stealth, and 1 out of stealth. at this point vaynes cooldown on tumble is up and she can go invisible for another second eliminating any time left on the blind.   So in all reality teemo will send vayne down to 182.8 health before she can even do anything.   When she comes out of stealth, assuming she doesn't get healed by anything she will die to teemos auto attack of 205.3 damage. But let's assume the best and that before this auto attack hit's she is healed.   Teemo HP: 2210   Vayne HP: 182.8   After Blind   Let's assume best case scenario as we did with teemo. As she is coming out of stealth, she hit's teemo with an autoattack of 629.42 damage and heals for 56.59 HP and also immediately botrk's for 73.95 damage and heals for 221 HP and condemn's teemo into a wall dealing 464.95 damage and stunning him for 1.5 seconds. As I said in the previous section teemo should be able to get an auto off just as vayne is also getting her auto off out of stealth and before he is stunned. Also his 2 poisons currently on her tick as she is coming out and doing this quick combination doing 67.15 from toxic shot and 208.8 from Noxious Shroom.   Teemo HP: 2210 - 629.42 - 73.95 - 464.95 = 1041.68   Vayne HP: 182.8 + 56.59 + 221 - 205.3 - 67.15 - 208.8 = -20.86   and shes dead. again.   Now if he doesn't get that auto attack off she sits at a pretty 184.44.   She auto attack speed is 1.9 and teemo is stunned for 1.5 seconds. His blinding dart won't come back up until about 1.5 seconds AFTER he is out of stun so he won't be able to use it again in this fight.   She auto's him twice while stunned and he dies.     IN CONCLUSION (
0	This will probably get buried but I went through a phase of this after a 3 month spell of doing University work and gaming, resulting in little social interaction. After it all, I didn't really have anything to talk about since I'd not done anything else. Previous to that I was a fully functioning social human being.   The solution that I came across was once when I was talking to someone and realised I wasn't really listening to what they were saying, I was more thinking about what I should say and how I don't actually have an opinion. I think this, as well as having the variance and regular interaction coaxed me back into it being natural.   If you focus and actually  listen  intently everything just falls into place. Don't focus on focusing, just listen to their words and respond accordingly and predictably. No need to think your respond needs to be super cool and respond to a 'how was your day?' with 'It was fucking absolutely marvellous if I do say so myself'.
0	I feel this way about many "popular" shows as well. I feel like most "fans" are bandwagoning for IRL karma. Family Guy hasn't been legitimately funny in years. It's a big ego stroke for Seth MacFarlane, god knows he's earned it but still. Bobs burgers is occasionally chuckleworthy. The Simpsons hasn't been funny since I still had acne. Doctor who is another one. The fans are fucking rabid and know one knows why. It's a good show but I'm not going to go frothing at the mouth to tell you about it.  And there's always one asshole who just KNOWS if you see this one episode, it will change your mind.
1	Pen is great on champs with high base damage because it causes the damage you do to ignore more armor. Since you have high base damage you dont need more damage, just a way for that damage to get through.   AD allows you to have higher base damage which is very helpful for last hitting.   AP(and AD) are great with abilities that maybe dont have high base damage but have good scaling because the bonus AP/AD with amplify your skills damage via the scaling.
1	I recently got promoted to Platinum V and was enthusiastic at first. I still got up to 30 LP per Win and only -15 per Loss. Great times; but stuff went down the drain. I eventually lost 11 out of 14 matches, regardless of how I did (I obviously lost my lane a lot, too). Simply every lane lost, the last lane standing was then camped by the enemy jungler. Dire times. However, I ain't even mad; Shit happens. As a substitution, I found myself playing ARAM with friends a lot recently, and also some normals. Great fun! Releases pressure and I suppose im going to start ranked in a week or so. Hoping for some good karma then, maybe Im granted a 11 Win / 3 Loss streak!
0	i was the same, 22 now and i go alright with girls. Once i started going out a bit i found it didn't take much effort to pick up girls, and it just got easier and easier as i realised more and more that some girls are actually attracted to me. I don't go out with the desperate intention of picking up, it's more like if it happens it's a bonus. but it happens fairly frequently. at 19 i think i'd kissed about 4 girls. 3 and a half years later that number is probably in triple digits now. still never had a girlfriend, but that's because i shit bricks and run whenever things get remotely close to being a relationship.
1	This one time in solo queue our mid zed was 12-1, I was 4-0 as Ashe. We were ahead about 20k gold, and he tries to surrender. He said he doesn't feel like carrying anymore and wanted out of the game. Since we all declined, he goes to the fountain and starts dancing. I kept trying to encourage him, but he just kept trying to surrender. He hadn't said much except for complaining about carrying. When we are at the match history/stats screen, I ask him why he didn't just help us win the game and why he didn't listen to me making play calls and he says, "when I want to engage, you engage, when i want to go baron, we baron, etc." But the whole game he didn't make any calls.
1	Zyra is a very strong mid lane champ, as she can effectively control the lane from a distance and push with little worry. She does a crazy amount of AoE damage, offers CC, and has an ult that can turn games around in a manner similar to that of Rumble's. Her plants can zone champions in lane, and one misstep can easily to lead to the opponent's demise (in other words, getting hit by her E). However, she is RIDICULOUSLY squishy, and is destroyed by anyone with a gap closer, burst, or silence.
0	Well, I never actually showed those pictures or told that story to friends. 3 months later I found out she was addicted to cocaine, got raped by her dealer, crashed her first car she got for free 1 week before she broke up with me (we drove it from florida to colorado, and I paid for the gas) and had received a dui, and her family kicked her out. She got what was coming to her. I gained weight because I was on a computer for 2 months desperately looking for a job after college to support us (which I got the day she broke up with me, she broke up with me during our celebration dinner), and druing that two months she was at orlando ballet doing a fuck ton of cocaine (No wonder she got skinny as hell). The difference two months of cocaine use makes in a person is scary.
1	no, urgot should destroy kassadin in every sense of the word in mid-lane. Gangplank, Trynd, Riven, etc all just really fuck him up. Urgot would probably be the worst as he has constant ranged harass and such strong early damage. Vs an equally-skilled urgot kassadin should lose 100% of the time
0	I subscribe that this idea is outdated and ill informed.  One Christmas tree out of a season of burning won't do a damn thing, not one.   The only people I have known to have chimney fires are those that never cleaned their chimney.  Besides, you would have to burn a lot of Christmas trees to have any appreciable creosote buildup.  If your only source of wood is only Christmas trees and you burned it for a season, then an outside maybe for a chimney fire.   However, if you clean your chimney every year like you're supposed to, i can't imagine any issues.  Additionally, your risk is further substantially reduced if you are not burning the needles and generally a moron.
0	Let me tell you why that's bullshit! (I'm not some PETA nut, I just happen to be waaay too coincidentally relevant to this submission and saw it on the front page...)   As a teenager I used to sell tails, mostly fox tails. Not  butt plugs , mind, but I certainly was aware that's what some people turned them into.   Anyway I got out of it, but at the time I knew my damn business. I could identify what kind, breed, color, species the tail came from if I saw just a photo. I knew my shit.   and  let me tell you - if I had a dollar every time I saw some halfwit selling an "ethically sourced" tail that I could identify as  probably not , I wouldn't have had to sell tails at all. "Ethically sourced" means bullshit unless both the customer and the seller have the exact same definition. Unless they go into specifics it basically means nothing, and even if they do go into specifics, a good half of them I could tell just by looking at the dang thing that they were either     Knowingly lying, or   Had been fooled by whoever sold it to them to begin with.     Some of these sellers were starry-eyed teenage girls who claimed to be themselves vegetarians or whatever, and they would be selling a fox skin from a "roadkilled fox". No way in hell is someone finding a grade-A, rare fur-farm color fox just dead in perfect condition by the side of the road. It got to a point where everyone wanted to say their furs came from animals that just happened to coincidentally die. It doesn't work like that.
1	The LCS is what is referred to in business as a "Loss Leader."  They spend money in order to keep their game hyped and keep players interested.  On paper, they are losing money on the LCS, but how much more money do they make from selling RP and merchandise because of the LCS?
0	This is an amazing explanation, thank you so much for this.   I have a couple of Muslim friends and we've talked about this so I understood the basic premise of how and why this behavior is actually condemned but this explanation is extraordinary and it really has cleared a LOT up for me. I would give you gold if I had the money, but alas I'm broke.   I think more people need to see explanations like this and realize that the entire war is essentially manufactured by both sides, and the 'jihadists' are really nothing more than cleverly manipulated pawns in the never ending power game.   I'm really glad you took the time to respond to this, I learned a lot from it. People like you are the reason why people like me and so many others don't fall into the trap of senseless hate. Happily this benefits everybody because as we all know, hate and violence only perpetuate more hate and violence.   Unfortunately, due to bullshit wars waged for nothing more than extreme profiteering we (meaning primarily the USA) have put ourselves in a situation where the military blowback in parts of the Middle East will be massive in the coming years. The 'War on Terror' has done far more to foster discontent and hatred than really anything else, and the repercussions of our horrible decisions are only beginning to be felt, and it is primarily our own fault.   This has the benefit of making it easy to turn people into misguided 'jihadists' because it's not much of a leap to want to wage war on the people that carpet bombed your country and used drone strikes to kill your friends and family, even if it was only accidental, because accidents only happen once or twice, not 1,200 times.   I sort of got off track here, but ultimately my point is that your explanation was incredibly insightful, and in my eyes after everything we have done it really isn't a huge stretch to see why and how the extremists end up so far off of the intended message, especially when often they are being influenced from a very young age.   Hopefully someone richer than I can hook you up with some of that oh so precious gold. I hear the market's down right now and it's a steal.
0	I come across as down on teachers a lot, because I had some terrible, terrible teachers. I mean, really terrible. Some would never even come to class at all, just tell us to read the chapter and take off. I really resented that. I was one of those eager to learn, would have loved a fascinating class type of kids. (I had great teachers, too, which is why the bad ones stand out in my mind so much, maybe.)   I always wonder why the good teachers aren't more resentful of the bad ones, incidentally.   I actually think I would be a good teacher, in that I'm good at lecturing and explaining things, BUT I have no doubt I wouldn't last a week in a class room. I'd be fired so fast. I have no patience for kids who are complete brats and no patience for someone being my boss who I feel doesn't know what they're talking about.   I feel like this is the crush teachers now are put in. They have some ungrateful, bratty simply impossible-to-teach kids in class, then a bunch of pressure from administrators and parents that is not helpful and often quite the opposite. They're sort of squeezed in the middle.
1	Vi is a decent pick overall, her kit is suited to focusing down a single target and deleting them, while building tanky. Or if you're ahead, get a Trinity perhaps Tiamat and punch the shit out of everything.  Sort of the same thing goes for Lee Sin and Warwick, 6300>4800/450, more expensive =/= better in the current meta/overall.  Kha'Zix and Rengar are also good assassin-like picks right now if you can play them well, both sporting relatively high-damage CC abilities and almost unparallelled single-target focus oriented kit.  If you want to look at something more teamfight/AoE- oriented, Sejuani is a personal favorite, her ranged AoE stunning ultimate being both a great initiating tool and a nice disengage, you can close gaps/run away and dodge skillshots with Q, and the 70% slow on max rank E makes for a great combo together with the ult. W provides a little extra pushing power and decent sustained AoE DPS. Nautilus has the highest amount of separate CC abilities, most being single target but the E is a nice AoE/multi target slow. Also Q is a great chasing/escaping tool if used well. Amumu, a part of the fabled Bronzodia, is feared all over low elo due to his Q having amazing range, his, albeit PBAoE in contrast to Sejuani's and Nautilus's ranged, ult often capable of disabling (nearly) whole teams, and more than decent sustained AoE damage on W and E.  On tanks you just need to be wary of invades/counterjungling right now, a buff steal or early death isn't that much but if it happens repeatedly you're in real trouble.
0	I really feel Hilary is going to have the same problem Gore did. She already sees herself winning this thing with minimal required effort on her part. Its the "I have been around so long that I am a shoe in".  I think one of the big things that worked for Obama is we didn't know much about him. Same thing worked for Kennedy, Reagan and Carter. They had political background but not extensive political background. Its hard to sling mud when you don't have much to choose from which is one of the reasons why most of mud slung at Obama was about his birth origins, what else could the other side attack. Hilary and Jeb have been in the public eye at a very high level for a long time, especially Hilary. We know that the Republicans are going to be Bengahzi to death, why let them, elect someone else. Now I am not saying we should give the presidency to a person with little to no experience every time, just that it is hard to tarnish the image of a person based on their politics when that is the case.
1	Vayne's lategame is overrated, lucian will get more damage off in 1 combo rotation - enough to kill vayne 1 on 1 or kill the enemy carry. Any player is smart enough to avoid getting stunned by vayne. Vayne's low range makes teamfighting extremely hard with her, because she will die in 1 second. What also makes vayne's teamfighting pretty bad (Compared to other ADCs which are favored right now) is her single target damage. She ONLY has single target damage. That means she has to maul on 1 target to deal high damage with silver bolts. In a real game with a real teamfight - this would be impossible. Vayne's low range simply doesnt allow that. And the tradeoff's she makes is not compensated by damage. Kog'Maw and Jinx both deal more damage than vayne while still having some AoE damage and high range. However a fed vayne is deadly in the right hands. The problem is, you can not rely on getting fed. Lucian has such high damage output because of his autoattack-reset abilities, his passive, his passive that crits and his high damage abilities.   Jinx and KogMaw have a better lategame. Yeah true, but they lose out on dueling power which lucian has in exchange for teamfighting power. The thing is though, jinx and kogmaw lack mobility. It makes focusing them down extremely easy while its hard to kill Lucian. Lucian is the entire package lategame. With any other adc you have to make sacrifices.
0	As a police officer, I 100% agree with all that you said. I wish more people understand the information you wrote here. It is complaints that drop not brutality to say. Because the jerk officers who are gonna be brutal and break the rules are gonna do it anyway (they are a very small % you just see all those stories in the news because officers saving lives by risking their own is not news but an officer going beyond use of force regulations is national news) So the camera's just give us the evidence we need when they do break the rules to fire them ASAP instead of going through the entire process which takes a long long time.   Understand that every time we arrest anyone for anything no matter how small or big (drug dealer, gang member, drunk, armed robber, etc) they complain we brutalized them or did something against their rights and then your tax dollars get wasted in the investigation which 99% ends up being completely BS and unfounded. If we had cameras than  we just show the ADA the tape and that complaint gets trashed in the first min of the case review.   However as you have also correctly said here it will also get those POS officers, who actually are abusing their powers, fired ASAP and off the streets. Nothing is worse for law enforcement than these morons who should have never been hired in the first place. It undermines good officers abilities to actually help people and wastes your tax dollars every time they do something insane and/or moronic.
1	The way I see it the problem that jungle always had was it's early game difficulty vs. mid-late game insignificance. Now the jump seems even wider. The way I see an ideal jungle would be lower stats for first clears (compared to now) and much higher scaling - imagine jungle around 20 minute mark where to clear it whole you still have to sacrifice around 50% of your health. That would make the junglers choose between ganking and farming.
0	Most "scumbag driver" memes could probably be written by both drivers involved. Maybe this guy was actually trying to speed up to let OP shift and OP actually did cut him off. Who knows? What I do know is that in nearly four years of my 80 mile daily commute I have never had this scenario play out. But here's the interesting part (at least I think it is).   When I started my longer commute, I changed my relatively aggressive driving style to a very laid back one for MPG reasons. Out of what I assume is complete coincidence, there were suddenly WAY fewer assholes, maniacs and dipshits on the road. Magic!! I just leave early, drive in the slow lane and assume everyone around me has a pregnant woman in labor in the backseat, which explains their behavior. Now I can just enjoy the commute for the gift of solitude that it is.
0	Happened when I was younger, but have a read.   Round 1 Working at a Walmart at 18 as a stocker in groceries, I knew where a thing or two was located. An older woman came up to me and asked if I knew where a certain item was, lemon juice I think, so I answered with it location, aisle 5 top shelf above the tomato juice and v8. Her reply was that she was just there and it's not where I said it was, so I walked her over. To which she said somebody just stocked it so she missed it.   Round 2 Some old lady, same question, different item.  I gave her the answer, but this time she didn't believe me and asked for a manager. Ok, whatever, I spot my manager cruising , so I flag him down. Tell him the lady had a problem with me, but she wants ITEM and its located at LOCATION. Tells me not to worth about it and off he goes.   Round 3! An hour or so later, here she is again. She sees me and starts to ask me the same question of another item, but this time she sees and older worker behind me cleaning some shelves. Flat out tells me she sees a more experienced worker so she'll just ask them instead. I watched her walk over to the "More experienced" worker, ask the same question and to my surprise they walk back to me.   "Hey NerdxRage, this woman is looking for Cheese cake mix, do you know where it is?"   "Yes  I do, it's at aisle 7 above the sugar past the marshmallows."   "See I knew you knew where it was, I just don't know why she wasted my time by refusing your help the first time," and she made sure the old lady heard her.   One of the annoying things about customer service. I'm young, have shaggy hair, and don't have a smooth shaved face. But I do my job, do it right, and do it good.
0	You're not being cautious. You may  think  you're being cautious, but when the average road speed on the interstate is 70 mph and you merge going 45 you're just putting everyone who happens to be driving by in danger because one of three things is going to happen. 1) The person you're merging in front of is going to have to quickly change lanes to avoid hitting you. Potentially hitting another vehicle. 2) They have to slam on the breaks to avoid hitting you.  Potentially getting rear-ended by another vehicle. Or 3) The driver doesn't react quickly enough and plows into you. Ironically, and unjustly, it would be his/her (even though you're the one merging onto the interstate at 25 below the posted speed limit) because when two cars are involed in a front to rear collision its always the rear-enders fault, even when it's not. The speed limits are in place for a reason. The ramp is there for a reason. You shouldn't be merging onto the highway at 45 mph just because you want to be "cautious".
1	Being as I use primarily  the LoL wikia , I think it would suit me and a lot of players if you bring it directly to us when you're more set on decisions that are on the PBE and you're willing to put them into the real client.   Henceforth, that will actually provide a lot more information in regards to what we can expect, and whilst most of my speculations, theorycrafting and daft assumptions as Support Teemos do will be wasted, that's but an expectancy and frankly part of the fun. What you will be able to do is give this information prior to its otherwise 'abrupt' release to a much higher amount of players before they need to deal with it.   In terms of player value, this means not so much to me, because I'll more or less know every thing about it and a bit more than the patch preview previously offered (they gave generalizations of increases, decreases and the like but not  specific numbers )... but the fact that a lot more will be aware of it will be very useful for me. It's especially the case, where now you seem to be providing more spot on recommendations for champions and their respective playstyles in your Champion Spotlights that you can help provide some tips to players in any patch preview you make now.   When changes are set in, people can often mass-jump away, or toward a specific change. Same for Champion Spotlights. At least you will be adding some amount of control and you will assist in making sure that it isn't done as heinously as it could be :P   Sorry for the wall of text, just my 40 cents.
1	Take a moment and think where all this leads, there are more then a few comments out there that are PURE threats. We see them and delete them, while you guys hopefully sees less of them.   However this whole story has lead to some crazy shit just because we stand by our rule, does this mean we should change the rule, no, to me this just shows exactly WHY we have this rule, there has been death-threats aimed towards us in mod-mail and there are pitchforked raised out here in the community.   >The problem with above example is that the bully is /was vastly unknown and anonymous' named someone (assuming, with some evidence) in part of legal proceedings /news of the case. What we have here, is essentially the bully in broad daylight   The problem is the fact that even if the "bully" is known, people still tend to take rash decisions and I wouldn't think that one person alone is responsible for this mess, and even if there are evidence, we wont support the internet rage to spew up and end up in death-threats.   We have many reasonable members that can discuss and debate but there are always others lurking in the shadows. For YOU it might be a huge step to take from being angry to actually threaten people and then to actually DO something, for others the steps might not be that big. After all we are all humans and we act and behave diffrently.   >It is witch hunting to say "hey, these guys are assholes, let find where they live and burn his house down" which is totally out of context of "hey guys, own3d have been screwing me over, please dont fall to the same mistakes i made"   I agree on you there to some extent, you see, the comments escalated quite quickly and the main reason that the original thread got taken down wasn't based on the witch hunt part, it was based on personal information. Then when that was deleted it went totally mayhem, witch hunts for own3d and for us mods started to appear and the pitchforks turned to us.   Another thread to keep in mind when all this comes up:
0	yeah rofl no kidding. im old enough now that my mind has a built-in bullshit filter and i skipped that paragraph after the 6th word. I actually went back and read it out of curiosity after your comment. my reaction: "oh good, my bullshit filter is still working!"
1	In all honesty, no one's opinion matters more than the pro player's themselves. Robert's experience he's describing clearly implies that the crowd was an issue in this specific instance. I remember Meteos speaking about the Cloud 9 level 1 vs Curse too. These have had significant impacts on the game but the players are fortunate enough not to have the crowd be the reason they lose yet, due to the inability of communication within the team. Having booths would solve the current problems, while sacrificing a slight interaction between the players and crowd.
0	How does this kill someone in the future? This is a simple case of survival of the fittest. Lets compare our immune response to football (American football for our friends overseas). Lets say we are on defense and want to prevent the run game. Additionally, imagine the teams in 1920 uniforms. Our bodies prevent the run by tackling and blocking the runner. Since we're wearing leather padding, we don't hit as hard as we would like to but it is effective even though we may be a bit bruised after the game. The next game, we've learned the offensive plays quite well and block and tackle and take our bruises. The next game, we are sneaky and put on some synthetic padding and a stronger helmet and we start hitting harder. We get less bruised in the end and the other team gets decimated. Well, the other team are not idiots and at the next game they begin to wear stronger padding... and so on and so on. A microscopic arms race ensues. I take time and sit with my patients and try to explain that we didn't start saving lives with antibiotics because of treating colds but by treating dirty wounds and severe illnesses (like pertussis, pneumonia, kidney infections etc). Hell, even the new recommendations for ear infections is to let the body fight it off! The problem is that over the past 40 years, we've come accustomed to going to the doctor's office when we're sick, getting a pill (antibiotic) and then feeling better in 7-10 days. Guess what? The average viral illness last around 7-10 days. In the end, the bacteria get stronger and we struggle to develop ways to counter them.   I also remember reading something about there is no enough R&D in the antibiotic field because of funding. Can someone who is "in the know" expound on that?
0	Actually, constantly harping on druggies to quit makes it [harder to quit]( because you're ostracizing them and making them ashamed of themselves.   And the problem with telling fat people that they are unhealthy is that you have no idea what part of their fat journey they're on.  If they weigh 300 pounds, they may have already lost 100 pounds and someone mocking them for the remaining weight isn't helpful, it's hurtful.   People don't seem to realize that unhealthy food is purposefully made addictive so that people get hooked on it and addicted to it.  They inject things with fat, sugar, and salt for the purpose of making it difficult to stop eating it.  So in a sense, it should be treated like an drug addiction.   Unlike drug addiction, smoking, alcoholism, you can't tell why a fat person is fat.  You think you know, all you clever redditors, but you don't.  Top three contributors are health problems (preventing exercise), mental health problems (causing food addiction), and purposeful misdirection and misinformation from the people that are supposed to help you lose weight (the weight loss industry makes about $55b annually...but the obesity rates have been rising).
1	MMR is tied to WINs and WINs are tied to SKILL
1	Problem is lol doesn't take much skill. Once you have the mechanics down the rest is game knowledge. If someone isn't stupid enough to escape safe regions on 9hp then it is quite hard to dominate them in lane. That's enough time for your team to make stupid decisions and feed the enemy.   Consider the premise that I find players on low levels in most games tend to do what a player says in matchmaking only if he is outright ripping even in games like counter-strike. Since its quite hard to do that against any player who knows what they are doing in league its hard to show that your understanding of the game is sufficient to have a significant impact on the game.   It's an odd phenomena but it is an explaination. I can go 5-0 against players in counter-strike because of the skill ceiling even if my whole team feeds on first round. League simply isn't a difficult enough PvP game mechanically but strikes a balance between casual and competitive play.
1	i played a little game called RYL (Risk Your Life), it was a WoW clone, but it was all about the pvp. two races against each other, human and akhan, map 3 is constant pvp where you can raid the other race's main town. you'd get "fame" when you killed someone, and then this would appear as bars all the way up to a crown next to your name. the more bars you had (crown = king), the stronger in pvp you were.   anyway brazilians were notorious hackers on all the servers (RYL turned into a private server community), so all of brazil was ip banned on most private servers for this game. then the brazilians got upset at this, and ddos'd the servers until they got their way and were unbanned.
1	When think how to get better, what I personally do is look at everything I just did, if im an adc and a gank happens in bot, I look at my position first, how far pushed was I, did I see the jungler coming, did the opponents play agressive when they are both half health under turret. that usually means a gank is incomming, was I in front of the creep line, was I chasing a kill when the gank happened, did mid just leave, where did the jungler come from. where you are exactly matters. Thats sort of a positional overveiw.   This next bit depends on how much cc and how much distance you can create as well as you ability to outplay your oppenent. In this case the amount of CC the opposing team offers is huge, if there is a jungle nautalis with support leona and varus adc, you are going to be locked up for days if you get hit by any ability in their kit, So did you know naut was coming and you didn't run to about a flash range from your tower, at least. for this example im going to assume your on blue side with a taric support, if it was a janna this would be much easier to dodge out of.   Do you have sight of both naut and leona, if you have.a general idea that's pretty good too, but knowing the range on their CC and staying outside of that range is vital. If your someone like ezreal just toss a Q    into the brush to check.   For almost all junglers if they miss their CC.and you are about mid way in the lane the gank will fail. So All you gotta do is DODGE IT. knowing champion abilities will,make you a better player offensivly and defensivly.
0	So this post is about people knowing they are ruining something and then blaming it on someone else? Yeah sounds about right. If you don't like the price take it to a laundry mat. That price is probably that high because students kept ruining washing machines and bitching that it costs $2 so now it's $6.50 so they can buy new washers after you ruin them.
1	I'd like to believe this is all true and you're in the right here. However you have to understand, imagine you are curse... you're running a tournament with like TONS (thousands I believe at least?) of people. Many of those people REALLY want to win, they think this could be their ticket to a salaried league team (which it could be) they only care about winning. They will do anything to win.   So innevitibly we've already seen threads with tons of different cases of cheating and random stuff like that... however in the end when you are curse, and you have one person (you in this case) coming to them and saying "it was scheduled for 6:00 he was in game at 6:42 when I reported it as a forfit, heres a screenshot of him saying hes ingame and hes almost ready." Now you have the other guy saying "I tried to contact this guy to say I needed to reschedule earlier, he ignored me and I was unable to reschedule because of it." In the end you can't post a screenshot of proof that he didn't contact you. And yes, hashinshin could post a SS of him trying to contact you, but that seems a bit ridiculious to start SSing ALL conversations.   So now to curse, you basically have a 'he said', 'she said'. One party is claiming the other fucked them over somehow or broke some rules etc. Not to mention, the tournament has THOUSANDS of people, and since its 1v1, LITERALLY THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS of matches have happened and will happen... its so fucking huge and they probably have about 500+ other complaints on top of yours, some may be simple, but largely they will probably come down to two people claiming something else.
1	I think I keep seeing you say the same stuff in every thread about this. I think you just really like moletrap?   torch was never really a caster, he was always like backstageish. Moletrap was the worst caster for sc2 ~   moletrap was constantly criticized for MORE THAN A YEAR and people BEGGED him to try to get better. just TRY a LITTLE bit.. but he didn't. He didn't play sc2, he doesn't play LoL. he doesn't care. i just don't want to have to listen to him AT ALL, if he is going to continue with LoL events then I am not going to watch them and that makes me sad.. but that's really all there is to it.
0	This is the simple, but not the only answer, that I've learned in my time.   My uncle, who is only 12 yrs older than I am, told me before I went off to college, always ask out the hottest girl you see. Why? Because almost every guy is to shy to ask them out. Now I love my uncle, but he's not the handsomest guy by a long shot, he started balding pretty aggressively by 19. Yet he brought home some of the hottest women I've ever seen during his 20s.   Yes you'll still get shot down, but that's always a risk when asking someone out. But you'll land some bombshells along the way.
0	i mean, im not bold enough to ask for a three some with another couple, however, i have asked others to do that with my SO and i. but that all depends on how close you are in the friendship and whatnot, that part varies per person.   as far as the sperm donor thing, dont just say OK because youre a nice guy!!! that's a HUGE thing. no matter how close you are, if you arent comfortable donating, dont do it just because she begs you or youre best of friends. besides the fact of you having a kid that truly wouldnt be yours, you'd be seeing the child and that may get strange for everyone. and by all means dont do it because your friend is the one getting pregnant(you may have an idea that you and her are having a child together when really that isnt the case and its just a creepy way to think of it all). sorry to rant..
1	I really really fucking wish riot would follow a major corporation in terms of how to do releases and patches. Especially for things on the server side.   The amount of bugs that are released with every patch even though they have PBE is just horrendous. They NEED to make sure the environment of PBE is EXACTLY THE SAME as release and work with that. Edge case bugs are hard to find, that I understand. However, server connection issues, fps drops, client bug, etc. Anything that is general and wide-spread SHOULD have been caught before release. If it is game breaking enough (like a day or two ago when League was unplayable) they need to roll back the patch.
0	I puked on my second 5k on the last 70 yards. I just kept on running, needless to say it went everywhere. I also puked more after I crossed the finish line.
1	Well I don't think Bruisers got better items now...   Because there aren't many options for MR that you can take,   Spirit Visage isn't doesn't benefit many champions   and otherwise you can get Guardian Angel and Runic Bulwark on every top champ   but that's about it.   There are some top laners that can get Wits End or something like that but not all of them benefit from it   And you can pretty much get very good items for AP too...   For example the new Haunting Guise ( after upgrading it )   Is pretty much an anti bruiser item   and if you add all the magic penetration you can get from other items you pretty much kill anything that wants to get past you...
1	Well, yes and no. Let's say that coin has a 50% chance of heads. In a small sample, like 10, the number of heads you'll get will vary wildly because you're only making a few tosses. The probability of getting all 10 heads is (.5)^10 = .001 (the probability of getting a head raised to the number of times you're tossing). Over the course of hundreds of tosses (let's say 700 since that's the number presented) you'll likely get pretty darn close to 350 heads. The chance of getting 700 heads is (.5)^700= 1.9E-211, which is much much smaller than 1/1000.   Also, you have to keep in mind that there are 4 variable members on your team, and 5 variable members on the other team (assuming you aren't toxic). This means that the enemy team is always more likely to have a toxic player placed on their team. Let's say that there's one toxic player out of 10 in a matchmaking queue. The chance that he'll be placed on your team is 4/9. The chance that he'll be placed on the enemy team is 5/9. While these probabilities aren't too different to be noticeable impact on a small handful of games, over the course of your league career which will consist of hundreds if not thousands of games, it will likely lead to a pretty hefty number of games in your favor (for the reasons mentioned in the first paragraph).
1	Don't just go bot just because you jungler isn't ganking. Go bot so you can force dragon or bot tower. If bot tower and drag are both down, going bot is pretty much pointless (unless you have gotten mid down as well). Once you get your mid tower you can coordinate with your jungler to ward their buffs and counter them if neither drag or bot tower are up.   You have an advantage, use it to force more than kills.
1	And urgot? How do you justify him? He can lock on and do as much damage, not to mention he's just as mana thirsty as Yi. Yi's also the equivalent of mid soraka, infinite harass with good range and forever sustainable.   How much does yi bring to a teamfight? He has a minimum 4-6 sec cd nuke. 1, not 2, not 3, just 1. It has a decent scaling, but that's just 1 nuke. At the most he will get 3 off in a teamfight, maybe 4 if he gets last hit on some champs. That's almost nothing to what a REAL AP caster brings. An AP caster brings just as much as damage as Yi, and sometimes a type of CC as well which yi lacks.   You can even beat Yi with a good harass champions like Cass, Karthus or Ziggs. His Q has a very long cool down (over 10 seconds) during the early levels, take advantage of this and push him out of lane. Even if he gets his Q back and attacks you, you should have won the damage trade with like the 5 seconds of free attacks you had on him.
1	simple, imagine you have 60% crit "chance", and auto attack five times.   first auto wont crit (60%), second will (120% - > back to 20%) , third wont (80%) fourth will (140% -> 40%) fifth will (100% -> 0%)   this should be called "supercharge" now instead of crit, as youre supercharging your aa's with every shot   however, we don't want people to be able to charge up their crit (imagine gp autoing a minion with 60%, then parrrrley'ing you for the guaranteed crit) so we make this new mechanic not transferable.   however, the supercharge won't be completely lost. the minion you just hit, if you hit him again even after having switched targets, will suffer a critical hit (think vayne silver bolts but without losing stacks after switching targets)   now, if gp wants to secure a parrrley crit on you with his 60% "chance", hes going to have to auto you once first, then Q
1	I think the problem is with the term Athlete, which implies a physical sport. Esports are more of a mental rigor, much like chess. People probably also have problems because they think that gaming == esports, i.e. 'oh if gaming is a sport my husband must be a champion' which isn't true. the problem is though that people don't realize the effort that goes into competitive esports, the mental rigors of the job, and the pure knowledge of what they are doing. These people are experts in their fields and much like Chess Grandmasters they are people who can and will be looked up to.   I agree that esports shouldn't fall under the 'Athletics' category in terms of what is actually accomplished, but my opinion is that many things shouldn't fall under the athletes/athletics umbrella. However, I think that America is taking the right step forward in making professional e-sports players recognized and helping them have an easy time to get into the country. This will be the first step in making our e-sports culture grow.
1	would you be able to tell me how big they actually are?   They are big enough to use the threat of "having to" fire employees or cut their hours to below the new cutoff of 30 hr/week over the passing of Obama's healthcare act because if they were forced to provide health care per the act they would have to increase the price of their pizzas by 11-14 cents each.
1	Let's see here... Minimum of 3 promo matches into Silver 5, a generous 5 wins and 0 losses to go from 0LP to 100, 2 promo for Silver 4, a generous 5 wins and 0 losses to go from 0LP to 100, 2 promo for Silver 3... 17 game win streak would be the absolute minimal amount possible assuming +20lp per game.
1	I think something that pops up when you go to click "Submit a Post" that says something along the lines of "Make sure you read the rules, images must be self posts and no server status questions". (similar to what /r/cringe has.   I'm seeing too many posts still that violate the rules. While they do get removed eventually, anyone trying to karmawhore it out will get karma before it gets deleted. Just sending a better message for those who don't read before posting would help.   A lot of people here are commenting about "remove circlejerk posts which do nothing". I disagree with this strongly. There's probably not gonna be a whole lot of people who agree with my point of view on this who are commenting here, but if they wanna follow reddiquette then they need leave my post be.   Hear me out on it, I think the circlejerk comments  add  to posts. Not to the discussion - there's nothing particularly wholesome which can come out of "I'm a Siren" (as an example), other than a karmatrain of funny comments.   A lot of the people here are strongly against that, and I understand. But my problem is these people are strongly against it because they only want to see wholesome discussion, and they hate anything else. Personally to me this seems quite obnoxious, arrogant and selfish (not trying to be rude, don't take it personally). This subreddit should congregate everyone's liking, and with that not everyone will be pleased. I'm here to both have a laugh and to have a good discussion on something, usually depending on what the topic is. To take half of that away would be to kill the fun - honestly I see it just as bad as /r/CircLoLjerk. They're both two extremes, neither of which I think are healthy in the long run.   My fear of this subreddit being turned into this state is it'll become almost a police state. Right now, whenever I comment I'm concerned about being downvoted for my opinion regardless how valid the facts may be. I don't want to be concerned when I post that it'll be considered "not good enough content", and I don't want posts which are jokes/witty/cleverly done wording to be deleted. It'll destroy the subreddit. I think a good example of this is /r/science where whenever I visit, over 50% of the posts get deleted. I don't want to be posting in the future, only to have it removed because it didn't add enough to the conversation (since the level of how much it adds is very debatable).
1	i'm reading some of your responses to the answers people are giving... are you really asking for help or do you just want to troll these people.   > i'm giving credit to most that responded: it's random. people will pick top picks.   i'll assume you actually want help.   even if you do that (picking strong picks), however, it doesn't mean that you wont' be "outpicked".   try taking down how many times you  actually  get counterpicked.  is it truely 100% of the time? or is it more like you notice yourself getting counterpicked 100% of the time and you pass off not getting counterpicked as trivial.   now, cassi is a pretty commonly acknowledged "counter" to ryze mid.  but that doesn't mean that you can't play that match up.  remember getting counter picked might be a good thing if your synergy with your team is better.  that will trump the bad match up.   ask for ganks if you need.  if the enemy feel like their getting camped, the match up will now be even if not in your advantage.
1	I think you're underestimating both the statistics and the effect an individual player has on the game.   Let's say you have a player with 1600 true elo. If everyone else was at their true elo, he should have a close to 100% winrate, but since they're not, his winratio will approach 50% the closer he get's to 1600. Now, this player would never be exactly at 1600 for a long time, even though it's his true elo, instead he would jump up and down from 1400-1800 depending on his games.   Now imagine this player, and then ask him "What do you think your true elo is?" I doubt he'd say 1600. He would probably say "well my top elo is 1800, but trolls made me loose a bit, so now I'm closer to 1600" Because in his mind, all losses below 1600 is (correctly) due to other players, but when he wins, he wont think "I totally got carried this game" because he'll focus on what he did well, because that's how the human brain works.
0	I have tipped $0.00 once in my life.  It occurred about 2 months ago.  I went to a nicer breakfast restaurant.  It was small and upscale, about 25 tables, 15 inside, 10 outside.  There were approximately 5 waitresses taking care of the tables.  It started off rough, we were sat at a dirty table where the waitress literally took the old glasses off as she seated us (apologizing for the mess).  She then took our order and forgot to bring us drinks until reminded (she was texting on her phone at the server station, I had to go get her to let her know she forgot).  She then brought our coffee with no creamer or sugar and promptly disappeared.  We informed another server and she responded with "Oh, you're not my table, let me find your waitress."  We drank our coffee black.  A food runner brought us our food.  We quickly discovered we had no silver wear.  We informed another server of the problem, she said, "It'll be a few minutes".  To which I promptly stood up, walked to the server station and rolled my own silver wear and brought it back to the table.  At the table next to us, were two elderly women, one of whom spilled her drink all over herself and the table.  The other 4 waitress' just kept walking around the place, not one came by to help cleanup, offer a napkin, or a mop.  I went to the server station after about a minute of watching this woman and her friend trying to clean up, grabbed napkins and began to wipe the table down and attempt to absorb the water.  This all took about 5 minutes during which not a single waitress even made eye contact with me, including our server who had reemerged to give us our check.  I wrote a big "$0.00 - worst service I have ever seen" and walked out.  As I went by the window I saw all the servers huddle around my waitress look up and glare at me as I walked by.  20 some Yelp/Urban Spoon reviews and this reddit comment later I'm feeling a little better. /rant
1	Here are my thoughts as a 1600~ player.  She is trash and will not been in ranked anytime without major buffs.   Pros:   -She has decent mobility when chasing or escaping long distances.  However, her mobility is non existent for when it counts most, during team fights.  See the first point of the cons.   -Decent AOE damage during team fights.  I haven't done the math, nor am I a top player or theorycrafter, but with her ultimate, she does gain huge range for those team fights that are very packed together.   -Huge damage potential as a snowball champ.   -Also, this is stated in the tips section of the character info, but I'm going to repeat that Riven is decent against multiple melee characters targeting you.   edit   -I rarely ever play TT, but if she could dash through thin walls, she would be godly on TT.  TT's metagame usually involves 3 tanky DPS, or at least 2 tanky DPS, and Riven excels at dealing AOE melee damage.   Cons:   -For a character that is supposed to have high mobility, the distance of the E dash is pathetically short, like Nidalee's W.  This grants her piss poor mobility in team fights.  It doesn't let you traverse thin walls unlike Nid.   Although Q grants forward movement, Riven has no gap closer, thus she is not considered an "assassin" by Riot.   If you were to use Q to close the distance on your desired target, you are wasting your damage if you leveled Q.  If you level W for damage, then I can see Riven using Q and E to close the gap, but after her short 0.5 second stun, I don't really see her being able to use 3 stacks unless your enemy is directly fighting you.  If you are chasing someone, good luck with that.   -Incredibly high skill cap required to play well.  The "stutter step" micro required of her is going to be very difficult for average players.  Also, during team fights, if you are intending to stick on a specific target, as you usually should, it's  too hard to stutter step properly and always be attacking your desired target.   Because of this, she will get kited severely just like Udyr and Nasus.   -No disables aside from her W. Her W stun range is piss poor without her ultimate active.  This is related to what I feel is her main problem with mobility.  If the stun radius was to be extended too greatly, it would be overpowered.  As it currently stands right now, she lacks the move speed and mobility to get into a good position to AOE stun, so if you're chasing the enemy, you'll usually only stun one :[     No good abilities that help you sustain in lane nor farm even.  Riven has no ranged aside from her ultimate.  Farming early game against a good harassing champ will cause you to be denied to hell.     She can not initiate fights aside from a short distance.       Other thoughts:   I keep wondering if she designed by the guy who made Garen, for multiple reasons.   Riven seems like a snowball champ like Garen or Akali, but seems mediocre without any advantage.   If you play like Garen does, camping the brush as top solo for a chance to harass the enemy down with your combo, such as in the champion spotlight, possible seems like a viable method to lane.   I can't seem to think of a role that couldn't be filled better by multiple other champions.  She doesn't have any abilties that are truly unique to her aside from doing massive aoe melee damage, which is what garen does also.  Garen is 100x easier to play, does more damage, and has more survivability also.
1	I've being trying both EWQ and EQW for a series of games, and I feel maxing Q second is much more beneficial. Of course, W makes you fast and fun, but maxing it is only good for passive, as you won't to be spamming it as long as you want to be able to keep up. And the reduced cooldown on Q with an ability to cast an extra tornado every two ones is extremely crucial. Ever had that creepy feeling when some Warwick ults your ally, and your Q is on cooldown for some reason?
1	Hi, main support player here, and also a big Karma Fan :). I also bought her before lvl 30 and played many games with here, most on support. Which is a bit different from mid, and other support, since your support with Karma is most efficient on a melee Carry.   I've done a lot of testplaying with the adc players I mostly play, normals and duoq and there are actually many melee carries that perform very well with Karma in duo lane. I feel the hate you got for your mid pick. I got many with my duo partner, but we helped ourself out of that with 5man premate games.   I love how you pointed out, that people are buying Karma now, for the free skin. But most of my friends I recently talk to, through the 5man games, had Karma before, since we play draft from time to time and we wanted to do some trading and stuff. And they believed me after some games, that she is actually efficient on support, if you get the right carry on your side.   Why I write this, for my part fking long comment? I guess you inspired me. :) Thank you for that. I haven't done so many games lately with karma, since my team never wanted to get that since meta changes and so on. From now on I will try to get myself some more Karma play, so I am worth the skin :).
1	I'm plat 5 atm, but in the old Elo system, I have been constantly stuck in 1350-1450 region for decades. What got me out was, get yourself into mastering few roles and perfect some champions. Read the guides, watch the pros play them, watch tips and tricks and see how you're supposed to position, when you're supposed to go aggressive, what you're supposed to do after you get a kill/get killed. Have answers for every situation that happens to you with that champion. Now do that with at least 3-4 champs for AT LEAST 3 roles. Then you will know what to do to carry people, it will come easy for you. Also if you're struggling pick some soloq stomp champs like: akali (amazing brust, invis, 3 gapclosers + refresh), kha'zix (ranged poke, invis, amazing 1v1 damage, refreshable escape/gapcloser), miss fortune (press ult while in good position and their team melts)
0	Well societal law says a lot of stupid, nonsensical shit that doesn't/shouldn't apply to real world situations. For example, it's illegal for me to fuck a girl who is 15, a week away from her birthday. The week after, I can impregnate her every week and high five her dad, show him my dick, and let him know I put it in his daughter every day, because she's of consenting age. (Yes I know this varies state to state).   It's insane how a 12 year old boy can show a picture of his dick to his girlfriend, and have his whole life destroyed for "distribution of child pornography."   It's baffling that 12 year olds must adhere to the same abortion laws as adults.   It confuses me as to why women who fake rape aren't given extraordinarily severe punishments, since they ruin the lives of their accused while simultaneously making it harder for real rape victims to find justice..   It's weird how a woman can simply say "no" at any time during intercourse and have it count as rape, while a man can say no and it's considered hilarious.   It's disgusting how, in California, there is a law that allows for a man to rape a woman if she consents to it thinking he is someone else, and then later realizes her error and freaks out. Oh, wait, this is  illegal  as long as the woman is married. If she is unmarried, she is fair game in the world of rape.   That brings me to my last point: Marriage law. It's fucking stupid and makes zero sense. I have a girlfriend? I decide to rape and murder 400 children? Cool, she can testify and put me away. We're married? Her testimony doesn't count. WAT.
0	TIP: when you are finished your smoke instead of flicking it on the ground or throwing it in the trash and risking a fire, put your still burning butt back in your pack, it will smoulder out when you close the pack and you can toss the butt safely in the garbage later. Your pack will smell like an ashtray until you dispose of the butt, but as a smoker you already smell like an ashtray so no biggie. I smoke and no matter how much I wash my hands, chew gum etc, I still smell like a cigarette. This works for partial smokes when your break is cut short and you dread the financial loss of tossing an almost full smoke. When I put a lit cig in my pack people look at me like I'm a crazy pyro, but it extinguishes quickly.
0	I hate it when people think to be cultured you have to go to museum or the symphony. You know what else is culture? Literally everything that was created by humans. No culture is better than another. Different yes. There is nothing wrong with whatever your culture is. To OP's white roommate: You're bound to have some sort of heritage. If you have German ancestry grow you beard out (not just because it's no shave November). Germans have a long history of awesome facial hair. If you have Scottish in ya put a fucking kilt on and throw a huge log around. There is all sorts of shit your white background to enjoy. So quit being such a bitch
0	i was living with a friend for 1 year but wasn't put on the lease. i didn't really care at the time.  paid my half of the electric/heat directly to him as the bill was in his name (he lived there for a couple years before i moved in).  noticed discrepancies in the bill a month before i moved out- he was pocketing my half and receiving full public assistance on the side.  how i wish i had a lease with my name on it to turn him in.
0	I find this truly an interesting test of a persons financial status growing up. It is usually also a indication of the class of person, not always. Seeing someone request a steak anything above medium rare seems that they have never had a good steak or one prepared correctly. I have family that is rich and family that is poor so I see a stark contrast in how each orders food. Wealthier people almost always order a steak medium rare to rare and no steak sauce, or ketchup (cringe). There is a reason McDonalds puts ketchup with everything, including their shakes. It is to mask the poor/bland flavor of their food. The reason people had to cook their steaks so much was to prevent food born illness due to poor refrigeration and lack of money so food was kept on the shelf longer. This was also the reason most southern food is so spicy, they were some of the last states to get refrigeration so meat was often rancid and spices were used to mask the bad flavors.
1	He's a pub-stomp hero that will be nerfed due to the majority of players thinking he is over-powered and not knowing how to counter him; however, he will see very little competitive play as he does not bring anything to the table except raw damage. I've compared him to many other popular tops and his raw DPS is significantly higher than many other tops. Good players will know how to deal with him, bad players will lose to him.
1	This might be a little offtopic, but what is wrong with Karma? I wasn't playing LoL when the old karma was out, so I only have experience with the reworked Karma and she seems fine.
0	I've always been awesome with papers as they give me more control of the matter, exams are what I hate and especially in engineering it is hit and miss on whether you get a decent teacher or not.   I don't mind spending a whole day working on a paper since I can handle that.  I just can't stand indiscriminate cramming and memorizing formulas for exams.  The classes that were the most challenging to my classmates but the easiest to me were the ones that had open-note exams and big projects.  Part of the reason I hate chemistry classes is due to the huge amount of rote memorization.   On the 3-5 hour a week quote: this was my dad's 4th masters after getting two PhD's and doing research with the army for a number of years.  He could have probably done it in his sleep.
1	I agree with most of what you have to say, except conforming to some sort of schedule that this problem seems to have. Sure I could call Comcast 4 times a day instead of 3, sure it may be out of riot's hands and into Comcast's, but what about everyone else? All those other ISPs that have the same problem with Riot don't have any responsibility either? Something is going on and if the only issue these ISPs are having are with Riot, would it not be their responsibility to investigate? (Riot)
1	You can do it still. It fell out of favor because if you dont focus around evolved W the mana demand of khazix isnt that high. If you want to poke a lot with your evolved W it is amazing because it solves your mana issues early. The problem is that it takes a bit to ramp up, but it gives you way stronger mid to late game which is something I value over the earlier powerspike in soloq, because I am likely to get to more items where building a Muramana really helps. It gets me better executes and it is extremely cost efficient, which is something that is very important where I want to perform to my strongest with the limited gold pool i have as a jungler. Admittedly I play a fairly farmheavy jungle.
0	If OP wanted to get his attention he could of used his horn or hazard lights or changed lanes and tried to signal him.   How is putting his car is a position where it might get hit trying to get attention, and not simply  trying to cause a collision   So basically, if I want to get the attention of another driver I use my horn, hands, or light. I don't try to hit them with my car or make them hit my car. I don't even open up that  possibility , like OP did.
1	I feel in league, each pro-player has a mechanical ceiling so to speak. That ceiling will be as good as they can get mechanically. It's safe to assume as they grow older, there will be younger players who are mechanically better than they are, making these older pros hinder the performance of the team when put to face against these younger players. Sure, these older pros have the experience on the competitive LoL and LAN, but these can be easily learned and experienced through exposure.   Compared to football, where there are players who will stay loyal to the club for a long time. Ryan Giggs, Javier Zanetti, Paul Scholes, Carles Puyol to name a few. As they get older, they're no longer as fast and agile as the younger players, they get replaced as well. They're no longer on the starting 11. However there comes a time in games where the experience they have is invaluable to winning the game, which is one of the reason why the clubs choose to hold on to them and give them contracts instead of releasing them as free agents.
1	I will comment here again with a similar response as I had in one of the Froggen threads.   Being a professional puts you on a pedestal where more is expected of you in terms of both your skill and your etiquette.   Pro players deserve two things from us, a high level of respect for achieving what many of us wish we could but also a high level of scrutiny as the position they have obtained should not be taken lightly.   A professional gamer is essentially the pinnacle representation of gamers. They are the most highly exposed gamers to the public eye as they receive the most public exposure via all forms of press and event coverage.   It is important as a community that the people that represent us to the world act in a way befitting that role. We cannot control their actions nor should we be able to but if a community of individuals impacted by that persons decisions does not like them, they should not hesitate to voice that concern.   On the reverse side there is a lack of respect in voicing those concerns and a childish approach to only exacerbates the problem by creating tension filled emotions on both sides.
1	Here is the big secret to carrying in low elo:   It's impossible.   What this means is, unless you are genuinely a gold tier player or better who definitely does not belong in low elo, there is no possible way you can "carry" a game yourself. You cannot take enough towers, kill enough enemies to win any game on your own.   So stop trying to be the one man army as this attitude will probably prevent you from improving. This is a team game, so play it as such.   Communicate well, don't flame them if they get you killed in a gank, improve team morale as much as possible whilst still doing your basic job.   Seriously in soloqueue, if you focus on not dying and being nice to your teammates, you will naturally climb to the skill level you belong at, since your teammates are less likely to troll/rage and be a negative influence on your score.
0	Advice for all you college-bound redditors: exploit the system as much as you can, and do not, I repeat DO NOT, take out more than $5,000 a year in student loans if you can help it. If it comes down to choosing between a great school that costs a lot and a not-so-great-but-still-good school that's affordable, pick the latter. Very few private school degrees are worth the going rate these days. If your parents are divorced like mine were, apply to schools that only require FAFSA: this will allow you to disclose only the financials of the custodial parent, which can really be either one you choose. I did this and put my mom down as custodial, and since she was working part time at minimum wage while my dad was out making hundreds of thousands a year, my first year of college was paid in full between financial aid and merit scholarships for my test scores without anyone in my family having to cough up a dime. Compare this to my number one choice, Duke, where I would have had to spend 50 grand a year for a degree that would be just as good at a lot of cheaper places.   Also, if you're even a fourth black/Hispanic/Native American, report it. I knew a girl who was 1/4 Hispanic who got a full ride for being a National Hispanic Scholar. She's white as a cracker and doesn't speak Spanish. It may be unfair and disingenuous, but all's fair in love and tuition rates.
0	Similar story here: I was hanging out with two close friends and we went to my house to chill in my room and talk, and when we got to my room the girl did like a swan dive onto my bed (it was late and we were all tired). As soon as she hit the bed, I blurted out without hesitation "You do know I masturbate on that bed." A few minutes of awkward silence was followed by the quite possibly the deepest conversation I think I've ever had with anybody. We were good friends before this, but now I think we have an even deeper connection and the three of us talk about everything, even how we feel about each other. The openness is honestly so liberating. We've gone through hard times together that I couldn't imagine going through without them.   They went to vegas last wednesday-saturday and I had to stay home to do homework. Their bus got back at like 1:00 in the morning, and I stayed up all night then walked from my house to the school to meet them when they arrived. When I saw their bus pull into the parking lot, something surprised me: I started smiling and I couldn't stop. Watching them get off the bus triggered what was honestly the happiest, best feeling I've felt in years. I felt like a soldier's wife greeting him after a tour oversees or a dog greeting his owner after a long vacation. It was at that moment that I realized that I loved these people, and I couldn't be happier to have them in my life.   For those wondering, I'm a guy, one friend is a guy, the other friend is a girl.
1	This is probably going to be an unpopular opinion with you and other people, but I'm going to say it anyways. As a jungler you need to learn to embrace criticism, ignore rage and focus on what it is YOU can do.   If your team isn't responding to pings, tell them in chat you are coming to gank and make them acknowledge it. If a lane is overextending without wards, buy wards and ward it for them. If you need to help a lane badly and the enemy always wards, buy an oracles and pressure them to play less aggressively. If you're playing a jungler who is not amazing at ganking early, and the enemy jungler is ganking a ton with a gank heavy jungler, go counter jungle them or try and wait for counter ganks. There is ALWAYS something you can do better to help your team, even if they are a bunch of bad players who do nothing but rage.   I think the best thing to do is to know what it is you can and can't do. Sometimes you need to let a lane fail hard so you can help other lanes, or get farmed, or take objectives(enemy buffs, dragons, towers). At that point just explain why you can't help their lane and if they still rage at you for it then just ignore them.   A big trap you should never fall in though is believing that you have no responsibility to make sure your lanes don't feed, or that just because someone is raging at you the criticism is unwarranted. If a lane is getting camped TRY TO COUNTER GANK IT, don't just blame them for not warding, etc.
0	SI]( conversions:     7 pounds = 3.2 kg     > I'm going to counter this using an immediate family member as an example.  >  > He has had undiagnosed hypothyroidism for many years, probably between 5-7. Before that, he was a star athlete (he could run a sub 5-minute mile by the time he was 13) and an honor roll student, however things started changing at the end of high school/beginning of college. During those years I watched him balloon in weight, have uncontrollable (seriously... uncontrollable) cravings for horrible food, lose his hair, have awful skin rashes, depression, and so little energy that he found it difficult to be awake for more than 12 hours on any given day, let alone work out.  I too blamed his appearance and depression on personal failings that he had the capacity to control. >  > However, a few months ago he was diagnosed with hypothyroidism. After trying a few medications that had little effect he found a medication that worked for him-- Amour Thyroid. He started taking this ONLY 10 days ago, and he has already lost 7 pounds^(3.2 ^kg)  (after struggling unsuccessfully to lose weight for upwards of 5 years), is waking up at 7am every day to go running, is the most positive he's been in years and (which is most relevant to your topic) has no more cravings for those awful foods that you associate with hopelessness and lack of self respect.  >  >
0	You shouldn't be so quick to dismiss what you call "bathroom humor" (are you my grandma?).  Consider for example the episode of Louie where his pregnant sister wakes up in the middle of the night convinced that she's going into labor.  This provokes a frenzied and anxious rush to the hospital, but once there it turns out that she just had gas and really needed to fart.  This conflates the disparate acts of bringing new life into the world and expelling waste in a surprising way; the tension created by concern for a pregnant woman is is literally released as the pregnant woman rips one.  The fart is funny not just because it's a fart, but because it turns out everyone was preparing a fart like it was a newborn baby.  This can in turn hint at questions about what we find miraculous and what we find taboo, how we draw the lines, the things that knit biological processes together, etc.  Not bad for a fart joke.   Puns, meanwhile, take the phonemes used to construct language and play with them in a way that exposes unexpected arbitrariness or nonsense.  "Hey, that SOUNDS like the right word, but it's not the right word at all!" is the basic reaction that causes the enjoyable surprise associated with puns.  It's my guess that more logical people find puns more enjoyable, because if you approach language as a logical system then it can be fun and subversive to show how slyly silly you can be with that system, a using-its-rules-against-itself kind of thing.  If you're one who's less inclined to be surprised by some of the arbitrary aspects of this human-made systems - yes, "popular" and "poplar" sound alike, who cares and aren't you so fucking clever to notice - puns will be less funny and more annoying or showoffish.   This is not to suggest that puns are mere "play"; puns can certainly be silly and meaningful at the same time.  A classic example of this (from Jokes and Their Relation to the Unconscious) involves a person, when speaking of a wealthy relative, who says, "He's kind - he treats me very famillionairely."  True, this is more of a portmanteau than a pun (and maybe it's better in the original German?), but the effect can still be observed.  Play with words sounds is used to come up with a statement that is silly but also exposes a truth more effectively than if wordplay had not been employed.
1	There is potential for some unique, interesting lore and play style.   The basic idea is that one of Yasuo's abilities allows him to swap with Yone. Yasuo's abilities are mainly damage-based while Yone's is defensive / utility oriented.   That in and of itself is not unique.   But here, we can deviate from the standard "I will catch you one day" motif.   Taunt (Yone): You do realize, I'm letting you live? Taunt (Yasuo): You do realize, I'm letting you get close?   At first glance, these taunts can be interpreted to be directed at enemies. However, you could also interpret them as being directed at each other. The fact that they can joke about it indicates that, while Yone is in pursuit of Yasuo, she still believes that he is her brother and can convert him to her side. On the other hand, Yasuo wants to go his way, but he does not hate his sister; he finds it unfortunate that she is not on his side, but he still regards her as family.   When you use the ability to switch from Yasuo to Yone, Yasuo instantly flies away while Yone flies in, saying, "I will catch you one day."   When switching from Yone to Yasuo, Yasuo says, "I am always with you, my sister."   Passive: When the character dies as Yone, Yasuo takes her place, being invulnerable for 5 seconds. His melee attacks do massively increased damage, but they are skillshots (because samurai). He says, "I was the one who was supposed to get caught!" When the character dies as Yasuo, Yone takes his place, being invulnerable for 5 seconds. Her melee attacks taunt each champion hit, but they are skillshots. She says, "I was supposed to be the one to catch you!"
0	Exactly.  I was in a relationship with a guy all through college.  He was and still is one of my best friends and we were very well matched but we both knew about 8 or 9 months into our almost 4 year long relationship that we were not going to get married.  He wasn't sure he really ever wanted to get married and while it was something I did want  eventually  it was not really a priority at the time.  Additionally, while we worked incredibly well as a dating couple, there were some major difference in things like how we handled finances, how we felt about kids and so forth that don't come up when you're just dating that made it obvious that a marriage between us would not be the best of plans.   Once we entered our 20s people began to ask when we would get engaged/married to which we would always reply "We're not."  The most common reaction to this was "Then what's the point?" The point was that we loved each other, were best friends, and there was no one else we wanted to be with.  Marriage was not a priority for us at the time and the idea of breaking up just for that reason and having to see each other all the time (lots of the same friends, very small campus) would have been torture.  We broke up a couple months after graduation when he moved across the country for grad school, gave each other some distance, and are now good friends again.   Now that I'm older, finding the person I want to spend my life with is slowly moving up my priority list so that now if I were to realize a few months into a relationship that it was headed no where, I would end it.  I don't regret a single day with my ex.  That relationship taught me a lot about myself and what I wanted out of life as well as how to be in a healthy, monogamous relationship.  But priorities change and not everyone has the same views on marriage.
0	First:  Pretty much only liberal echo chambers like reddit are making a big deal over this sort of thing.   Second:  Romney doesn't want Sesame Street to be canceled.  He's pretty convinced, as am I, that if the government cut the small sliver of Sesame Street's budget that the government provides, it would still succeed as a private entity.
0	Yes no yes no.. Lol.. The money also included 6 hours travel, room and board etc.. He was very good, we got some great shots, but it took 6 mo to get our pictures, we paid extra for a very expensive leather bound book, there were several pages of people with their eyes closed. He felt so bad that it took so long he gave us all proofs of engagement and wedding for free usually they'd be $300 for each set, 1300 pics total including a lot of duplicated edited photos...
1	Just a small thing but it helped me a lot! Sometimes something will go wrong and you will die and you will think to yourself ''oh shit, if i did xyz that goes better and I win'' however mechanics on champions and precision execution is something that is absent even in gold/plat and i am sure above. Focus more on the decision to go in or and your decision making generally rather than mechanics.   Some people say that playing mechanically undemanding champions (think warwick) help you improve this more efficiently since the mechanical cap of that champion is very low, however you may find that very boring as I did so just try and focus on decision making generally.
0	My parents did this when I was kid. Today I know it's inappropriate and unfair, but I can't un-hear those warnings. It made bagging groceries feel shameful. Same with delivering pizza and sucking dick for coke.
1	First of all welcome to LoL.   To start with i would like to say that you should try to look for the "reccommended" tag on champions (annie, ryze, ashe etc) as they are fairly easy to manage.   Play your first games versus bots to get familiar with the Q W E R D F setup and change some of it if you want to customize for your own needs.   Choose a carry role, the champion doesnt matter much at this point just get familiar with lanes and jungle. Constantly look at the map as it will give you alot of information. Knowing what the enemy does at all times might save you and your friends life.   When you are buying items, try to learn whats what and who suits the items the best. The guides on solomid.net often also come with a full mastery page and a full rune page. Very often this will compensate for some items, and you wont be able to copy everything from it. As long as you know the items you are buying, and when to buy them, you are on a good ground. Unique abilities are the same in LoL as in WoW, you can only have 1 of the current bonuses, they do not stack (2 Infinity Edges does not give 500% crit damage)   If you do find the game interesting after some games, consider buying a bundle of champions with RP. This will increase your champion database, and you can actually start to learn some of them permanently instead of going for the weekly roulette of champions.
0	Not to put too fine a point on it, but the concept of a "best source" is, in this context, sort of meaningless. Humans need cobalamin, and you can get it from eating a variety of foods where it occurs as a natural by-product of bacterial metabolism, or you can get it as a commercially produced supplement (no animals involved).   Your body could care less what the source is.
1	I played a lot in bronze and it always went like this:   jungler: "mid blue?"   me: "I'm behind, you will use it better than I could at this point" or "if you don't need it, sure"   jungler: ";-;7"   or   me (as adc): "can i red? i'll try to use it well"   jungler: "n-nobody's ever asked for red before.."   me: "i.. it's your buff so it's up to you.."   jungler: ";-;7"
0	The lunch manager recently quit and the sou chef took her position. The sou chef was besties with the waitresses who were tired of sharing their tips with the bus boys (even though, in this restaurant, the waitresses only wrote down orders, while the bus boys carried orders to the table, cleaned the tables, refilled drinks, and helped clean the kitchen after the fact). This wasn't a massive conspiracy, I knew a few of the waitresses really well, but there were a couple that were just pure vitriol. Anyway, there were two bus boys, Juan and I. I was a young 19 year old kid and Juan had been there longer and trained me. He saw what was going on. Juan got his position changed from bus boy to "runner", a position with responsibilities previously covered by both bus boys. So now I was the only bus boy in an upscale restaurant. This was my first time finding out what it feels like to be pressured to quit.   When I called in about the car, she said, "What are we going to do about this? We need someone who can be on time. If you don't have a car, there is no way we can be sure you'll be on time. I don't see how we can work around this. We're going to have to let you go."   To add a little more context about the type of people they are willing to hire and fire, this restaurant, which charges about $50 for a typical two person meal, had a bakery. The bakery had one baker. The baker was a 20 something, just out of chef school guy. He was pretty cool, fun to hang out with. Problem is that he often left dough in that giant blender looking machine and we would get fly infestations in the kitchen from it. Like swarm clouds of flies. He also showed up when he wanted to and left whenever. Pretty much the first person I met who managed to keep their job just because they are a "super cool guy".   > Late often?   Actually, the sou chef decided to play around with the schedules. She wanted me to come in a half hour early, way before I would be needed for anything. I told her I had school and that the previous schedule I had been on for 6 months was fine. Coming in that half hour early would mean I would be standing around for a half hour with nothing to do. So she changed it back for a week, then back again. I was like, "whatever". And I would have to show up a few minutes late under that schedule. But it wasn't a shift change or anything, it was just an arbitrary half hour earlier that she knew would be difficult for me to make. So yeah, I was late often. Sou me.
1	I'll first Label them A B and C, this makes explaining this easy... As I'm a git and I wanted to answer the riddle too.   1  Ask person A, "If I asked you 'Are you Jarvan?' in your current mental state would you say 'yes'?"   If A answers 'yes', then A is Jarvan:   2a  Ask Person B, "If I asked you 'Garen?', would you say 'yes'?"   If B answers 'yes, then B is Garen and C is Leblanc.   If B answers 'no', then B is Leblanc and C is Garen. In both cases, the puzzle is solved.   Or....   If A answers 'no' then A is not Jarvan:   2b  Ask person A, "If I asked you 'Are you Garen ?', would you say 'yes'?"   If A answers 'yes, then A is Garen.   If A answers 'no' then A is Leblanc.   3  Ask person A, "If I asked you 'Is person B Garen?', would you say 'yes'?"   If A answers 'yes', then B is Jarvan, and C is the opposite of A.   If A answers 'no' then C is Jarvan, and B is the opposite of A.
0	I just called Verizon last week looking to cancel my FiOS TV but keep the Internet and the agent on the line was acting pretty funny because I guess in her mind I wasn't being clear enough that I wanted to cancel.   I kept saying things like, "It just doesn't seem to make sense to downgrade my TV package, because the price only goes down $10 per month, the only way I save more than that is to just cancel, right?"   She told me to stop answering my own questions and just tell her what I want to do. In my mind, I couldn't tell her what I wanted to do until she confirmed all of my options (because I really did want to cancel, I just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing anything). So finally I was like, "Yea, I want to cancel the TV service".   She put me on hold to "look up what she'd be able to do" and came back and said "it's letting me give you a $15 per month credit if you sign a new contract". I told her I couldn't sign a new contract, she put me on hold again and then said "Actually, it's letting me do that without the contract". So, that's what I took (I would have only saved a few more dollars by actually canceling).
0	One time while visiting the KFC in my town I saw the shift manager bitching out employees in the back(you can see and hear right to the back) and when she came up front I told her that she cannot talk to her employees like that. It is inappropriate and as I customer that is unacceptable way to treat employees. The employees there heard me call out the manager and when I got my tray of food it was piled with extra food and a thank you from the employees. That was a good day, I later called corporate to report the managers actions.
0	I had a roommate that was in the Army Reserves and was a complete jackass, often using his service to justify it. We were all at dinner one night, about ten of us (three of them including him are in the Army), and as we were about to leave, there was a reunion between a soldier that had returned from Afghanistan and his family. As we walked past we all stopped, shook his hand, and thanked him for his service. Not him though, he thought it was appropriate to say, and in a fairly loud voice, sappers (combat engineers, they often describe themselves as baby EOD, except that EOD are a bunch of pussies) clear the way and then he just walked on by. Even worse, he is constantly bragging about his Purple Heart. Whenever he is in the wrong on something he always tries to use the fact that he got blown up in Afghanistan as an excuse. He is an insufferable prick and I'm glad to be rid of him.
1	I really think you guys should rethink your attendance model vs space.  It's really hard to predict how many people will show up day of and/or only for part of the day and you have a demand to make it look full by not putting out 1 seat per ticket sold.  (And space issues).  At the same time you can lose money with too many chairs and space and not enough people.  It sounds like you weren't even planning to show the first round of LoL then had to quickly put together a small space for live viewers.  (there weren't any crowd shots) I've worked on events before and i bet IPL 5 will work well because you have good data on who will show up and growth of the crowd.  I think at some point you have to decide to take a look at limited tickets and limited seating for some events.   also   it really sucks to go expecting to meet and watch some pros and then not get it.  it really really sucks.  I was thinking about going to meet the SGS and WE guys but work got in the way but just getting my money back would have still left a bitter taste in my mouth.  Especially if I drove up from socal for that reason.  It would be nice if you did something for those refunding vip tickets that is over the top awesome.  Saying you're talking about it internally and refunding tickets just doesn't seem like you're trying your best to make up for giving some ticket buyers a gigantic let down.  I ended up watching the stream and realizing that at some point in life i'd subscribed to the ipl twitch channel.   also   is this a real post from the ILP marketing director?  It was supposedly posted before the event.  I got it from one of the links in this thread.   Hey everyone! My name is Kevin, and I'm the Marketing Manager at the IGN ProLeague and an SC2 caster if anyone happens to watch that as well. I've been reading the thread and want to say that I'm really sorry you're upset, but I do want to clear a couple of things up: 1.) We are not revoking our access to the players from VIP ticket holders at all. Not sure how that got out there, but it's not right. VIP ticket holders (and only VIP ticket holders) will have the backstage access to the player practice area that no one else gets. 2.) Here's the total list of VIP ticket holder benefits: Front row seating Early access and First in line service Access to player practice areas IPL T-shirt LoL Poster from IPL 4 VIP Lanyard Free Meal ticket Riot Water Bottle Riot Stress Relievers Magic of the Gathering cards So fear not! Hopefully Dyrus will grace your brother with his presence at the practice area and he can meet him. Please let me know if you have any further questions. We certainly do listen to your concerns and will be happy to address any you may have!
0	See, here is the problem. You define strength as purely the ability to put forth the max power in one rep, which is ridiculous. It's really not that useful in daily life.   Sorry but this is bullshit. Do you ever use 50% of your 1RM? Now if you double your 1RM suddenly that movement that was at around 50% of your 1RM has become only 25% of your 1RM. If you think this does not make a significant impact on your daily life you are delusional.   > flexibility is always useful.   Yes and no. Flexibility is useful if it allows you to perform a movement correctly. Further flexibility without the goal of performing a movement correctly has no use. Striving for flexibility without having a concrete movement goal you want to reach does not improve your health or quality of life.   On top of this one way of increasing your flexibility and more importantly finding out where you lack flexibility so you can train your flexibility with a concrete goal and a way to test/retest is a proper strength program.   A good strength program will train you in the basic movement functions (squat, hip hinge, push and pull) through the full range of motion. If you have a flexibility deficiency it will show in the movements performed and practicing the movements will actually help you get more flexible as well if done correctly. I found out I lack a good amount of ankle dorsiflexion through practicing my front squat. Front squatting has helped increase my ankle dorsiflexion and has given me a method to measure progress.   Don't get me wrong I think flexibility is very important and I'm always working on improving mine wherever it hinders me in performing a movement I want to perform. I even do yoga somewhat regularly. I just don't think flexibility is a relevant indicator of health or quality of life. Also flexibility usually disappears in elderly because they lack strength which leads to fear of using the end ranges of their range of motion which in turn leads to more disuse of that end range and a decrease of flexibility. The best way to keep flexible with age is to perform the basic movements through a full range of motion with the aim of maintaining or increasing strength. This prevents disuse, prevents fear of movement (very important in elderly) and strength leads to stability which leads to flexibility.   > You say a body weight program with 6 movements will provide a full body workout, and I won't deny that you can hit most of the fast twitch muscle groups like that, but you really have no control over the balance in which muscles are hit and how. You end up strong for a few specific exercises. You say swimming is notorious for creating muscle imbalances, which is true if you only do one stroke ever, but a 6 movement weight lifting regiment is way worse than 6 varied strokes in swimming.   This is not true. There are 6 basic movements that when combined in different speeds/intensities etc. create more complex human functions. These are the squat, hip hinge, push (horizontal and vertical) and pull (horizontal and vertical). If you train those movements equally you will develop a balanced body. You are not increasing strength in only a few specific exercises, you are increasing strength and coordination in basic human movement function which translates really well to more complex movements (way better than the other way around).   The 6 varied strokes in swimming will still be way less balanced than this 6 movement template.   > meaning if you want to engage in a new activity, you now have to train extensively for that activity, rather than a more balanced approach as I've suggested, which gives you a better adaptability to new activities.   You alwasy have to train extensively for a new activity to become good at it, no matter what you do. Training adaptations are highly activity specific no matter what you do. It's just that strength training using basic compound movements is the least activity specific adaptation of the lot and it is easy to train and even more easy to keep up (cardiovascular endurance drops off very quickly when not training). I was also not talking about the context of getting good at new activities. I was talking in the context of general health and quality of life. If you want to get good at a sport train that sport (and do some resistance training as it's awesome).   > Fact is, my weight lifting buddies are all jealous of the strength of my climbing buddies.     This is a fact concerning a couple of your buddies, great sample size and high quality measurements to go by.     The chance your weight lifting buddies are on a good strength program, focus on improving their movements and are working through a full range of motion is not that high.     How is this strength measured?       > The climbers, the good ones, definitely push a lot, but that comes with flexibility   I'm sorry but flexibility in no way whatsoever will improve your pushing strength, in being overly flexible can decrease it. You have to have a pretty damn abnormal flexibility deficiency where it heavily impacts your movement pattern to have it decrease your pushing strength.   > and understanding that its a full body activity.   Resistance training is a very good way to learn how to use your entire body in a coordinated way. I have always been an athlete and yet when adding proper strength focused resistance program to my training my body awareness and inter-body coordination went up significantly even tho I always regarded those as my strong points.   > Plus they actually have finger strength   Again activity specific and not really contributing to quality of life or health. Also have you tried heavy deadlifts? Grip strength is often the weakest link in those and they are a staple in most proper strength programs.
0	That's what I thought this post meant - I thought it was aimed at the couple, not the individual bride or groom. Your wedding day is about you for you - everyone else its about the being there for you and everyone getting together. For my wedding I came to terms with the fact that everything we chose came with the "what would suit our guests" at the end of it, eg, would our guests want to drive around from ceremony to reception etc? Nope - all in one venue it is. We knew what we wanted, but at the end if the day if it was about us we would have had a registry wedding to make it all about us. I don't know that I got my point across very well..
0	they aren't there to manage your money   except that's exactly what they do. You have a credit for whatever comes in, but in order to earn interest on it, they invest the actual money in stuff that has returns so they can pay you interest and profit from your money.   They do this based on the assumption (and regulation) that they only need to have 10% actual cash money in relation to all the bank account credits, because under normal circumstances people are happy to keep it in the bank and don't want to withdraw all assets at once. Thus there's big penalties for going below $0, because it decreases their liquidity and could affect someone who actually HAS an account in the positive.
1	I honestly don't understand - when you see the passives of most other champs, they've got one very clear passive, sometimes divided into 2 effects (e.g. Zac). Yasuo has 2 completely distinct ones?   This, I think, is the biggest issue with Yasuo's current kit, and I think this can be resolved with one of two solutions, both revolving around the same concept: make a connection between Yasuo's resolve passive and his crit chance increase passive.   Option 1     Yasuo has double crit chance  while his resolve is building .     What does this do?     This essentially encourages Yasuo to be much more aggressive in terms of attempting to make trades before the shield is ready.     In addition, it discourages very passive farming by yasuo players as it will become more difficult to farm without the increased crit chance at full resolve.     Subsequently, this will prompt Yasuo players to think twice about when to use his W as sometimes it may be favorable for Yasuo to take a hit and use up the shield before fighting in order to make use of his crit chance.     However this doesn't make sense lore-wise. It would make more sense that Yasuo is able to crit more with a stronger resolve.       So, another proposition is that...   Option 2     Yasuo gains bonus crit chance  as his resolve increases  up to a maximum of 1.0*(Current crit chance) at full resolve.     Do note that this means as soon as the shield is activated, Yasuo would lose his crit chance bonus immediately.       What does this do?     This has almost an opposite effect of Option 1, as it promotes a more passive play by Yasuo by greatly alleviating the constraint in his farming ability from above. It also encourages the Hit-n-Run play which prompts Yasuo to choose when to engage and quickly fall back.     However, this makes a big change on Yasuo's team fight capacity as well as his late game play style. While the current Yasuo has the kit to engage AND apply high dps afterwards, this change will weaken Yasuo's overall dps output due to the fluctuating crit chance after his shield has been activated.     Plus, it makes sense that Yasuo will gain an increase in crit chance as his resolve becomes stronger.     However, I'm unsure as to what kind of an effect this would have as to how Yasuo players would place their W. They could use it to either initiate a fight since it would not be ideal to take damage before fighting (thus effectively reducing the crit chance bonus when the shield activates), or they could use it after an engage since they would not be willing to make trades without the crit chance bonus after the first few set of trades.       My preference   I, personally, like the second change more since the synergy between increasing resolve and increasing bonus crit chance seems to make more sense than the first option of losing all crit bonus at full resolve.
0	Oh lol.  Just read the
1	In s1 I decayed from 1898 elo to something in bronze range (as that's the icon I ended with) from not playing.   In s3 on my smurf I decayed from plat5 to silver 2.
1	1000 stores is impossible and leads me to believe this is fake. The truth of the matter is: Internet cafes are that profitable, especially ones that run high end equipment. I use to work at an internet cafe and I will say this: PEOPLE ARE ASSHOLES. They steal keyboards, they fuck computers up (on purpose sometimes for sure too.) They pay for like 7 hours of internet and then SLEEP there. There's the porno perverts. You don't want to ever use the netcafe bathroom either (Gross beyond words)   It's just not a very profitable venture + it's so much grief even if you can manage to turn a slight profit. I live in Canada's biggest city (Toronto: Population 2.5M directly in Toronto and another 3M in the greater Toronto area) if net cafes barely make any money here, they're sure as hell not going to make big profits in small rural area's (unless they have some kind of monopoly on the internet.)
0	At a party on Friday night, a gay guy cornered me in a side room.   "Is it worth it?" he asked.   "Is what worth it?"   "Is your dick worth it?"   "..."   "Come on, you can tell me. I'm not interested in you. I just want to know. What are you,  8 1/2?"   laughs  "No"   "Is it fat? I know it's fat. I can tell."   I then excused myself from the conversation.
0	Had a buddy who got his dick sucked in 7th grade. He was real small, late bloomer. The entire time she's sucking his dick. He's pushing. Pisses on her face after about 15 minutes. In a movie theater. She left the theater right then. Piss all over the front of her shirt and all.
1	here is what I posted on the main forums   -So your first statement seems to be tied to the fact that minion pathing of super minions may get blocked by the caster and melee minions in front. One might suggest that moving the super minions to the front fixes this but, since the first thing a regular wave of minions will now fight are the super minions, they will be completely annihilated since not ever a full minion wave can fend off one super minion, let alone a super minion + a regular wave of minions. This would lead to even faster pushing than what is live today   One possible solution I can suggest is making them able to ignore unit collision.   .   -This is a very good point and one that I was unaware of (I thought that they would have the same range as caster minions). I suggest making them have the same range as caster minions OR make it so that they spawn after caster minions  but before melee minions (when they come out of the nexus, they spawn as melee>cannon>caster every third wave).   .   -Yes I do find this quite odd. On the flip side, when an Inhibitor gets destroyed, there can still be a few normal waves. While one might say that these would counter each other, it does seem backwards that when Inhibitors get destroyed it means start defending 0-60 seconds after it was destroyed and 0-60 seconds after it respawns (because you can clear the waves as soon as they spawn, preventing the least amount of super minions from spawning as soon as the Inhibitor respawns). One solution is when an Inhibitor gets destroyed, a super minion gets added to each available wave in that lane and when the Inhibitor respawns, remove all super minions in that lane.   Another solution can be to promote a melee minion in each available wave and demote each super minion for that lane. This would also solve the fact of the minion pathing and may not push the lane as hard as it is on live since we are effectively removing a melee minion. I like this option as it makes more sense since super minions are exclusively melee minions and promoted minions are exclusively cannon minions on SR. You can even think of the inhibitor as a sort of suppressing power (hence inhibitor) that limits a melee minion from becoming its Super Final Form!   .   -I find it unfair that if for some reason a inhibitor is destroyed extremely early in the game, say before the 15 minute mark, you have absolutely no chance of getting back into the game, because not even one champion can fight off super minion waves (see  top proxy strategy .  Perhaps change the health equation a bit?   .   -My last thing about super minions is that you spend all that work trying to kill a 3K health minion (mind you it is near impossible to reach 3K health on a champion by the 22.5 minute mark) and you only get 27 gold (fixed amount)????? Can we have that amount increase as the game goes on? It would just make it unfair for people to recover when not only are you defending your base, but you are robbed of cannon minion gold for gold that is slightly more than a regular melee minion.   .
0	I tried to be smart and put my username as my full name.  Little did I know, it changed my name on my gmail account as well. So all my important emails were going out as my username which was not at all professional to say the least.  I didnt even realize it until one of my co-workers laughed and pointed it out to me.  I am back to using my real name on youtube and havent posted a comment since :(
0	I find this to be interesting. Casting judgement on someone for explaining the details behind the meme, rather than telling everyone to fuck off, which would have been the easier road. Only in  this  thread did I reply to anyone about the legality of my actions. So for you to make it plural is unjustified. Honestly, if you need the support of others to substantiate your ideas, then it shows the frailty of your written message.   You call me a dick simply because I had an item in possession that belongs to someone else and it remained that way because of break-up. I've said before, if I had been of the mind that I had the property while we were still in contact I would have said "hey, listen this is yours. Take it back." Yet, since it was disregarded, forgotten, and placed out of sight, it eventually became a relic. It's just fortunate that when I unearthed the bloody thing, it still has use. I don't know where this woman is anymore and if I could find her, maybe we could work something out, but that doesn't seem likely.   So, hey, you guys want to downvote and judge me without any regard to the facts or appealing to any evidence, then please, do so. Is that not what reddit is for? The image served its purpose and it did generate a generous amount of upvotes -- more-so than I have ever received. Good or bad, as they say, no press is bad press. Thanks for your time.
1	I do agree that they fill similar roles, I still believe the counter play involved was much more difficult vs nid than vs ziggs. You have already suggested some fair points, but I will just go over ones that I believe you need to consider or reconsider:   Ziggs:     Q vs Q ziggs Q is easier to dodge. Here you did not take into account missle speed. There is the speed of which you can throw the initial bomb, which can explode at max range of 1000 (including radius of explosion) and then bounce further at a much lower missile speed. making it much easier to dodge bounces. Indeed you have the ability to block the ability, but you did not consider the fact about just hitting the ability all together. Nid spear will hit anything in its path from 0-1500 range, where as ziggs if you may throw over a certain target allowing a risk reward situation. Attempt to anticipate the path they are going and they have another option to juke it by going towards you. Vs nid its either move to the side or don't be in 1500 range. Ziggs has a hole in just main dmg ability that nid spear did not have and would do the same dmg as a bomb to the one target in that hole.     Dmg. I believe you mis-calculate the likeliness of hitting a spear more than 525 range. To put in perspective, does nid put herself in ADC range (which seems to be a min of 525 and median of 550)? And in your thought process is that anything over the min damage range for a spear is higher value. What I believe you underestimate is the the amount of dmg that comes out because of the dmg multiplier for distance. Getting hit by a spear that hits for with a 100% multiplier is getting hit by 2. that's being hit by 2 ziggs Qs at once. With that, we have an ability that on a cd that's 33% more than ziggs can hit for 250% more if hit on a single target. Whether your intention is max dmg to a team or to one person has not been taken into account yet, but I would believe the ability to take 1 person out of a fight is an easier win than trying to take out multiple at once.     Now that brings me to kit for poking. Spamable abilities like these are all that's needed in poke. Just one ability with high dmg and low cooldown. Arguably, whether it's Aoe or Single target it doesn't matter in a lot of cases. you're looking to hit targets and get them low until they are deemed unfit to fight. So the rest of the kit, could be anything, and a kit full of escapes and utility would probably prevail for the purpose of poking and keeping the poker a live. Ziggs a little more of a teamplayer in that respect. 2 CCs and obviously CCs help everyone on your team by preventing the enemy from doing anything. where as nid has an escape, a passive situational MS buff and a heal.
1	Yes, whoever hits level 2 can pretty much decide the lane. When you hit level 2, you have the ability to just freeze the wave and zone forever.     If you're supporting, just remember to ward. If you're blue side, the enemy jungler will most likely start blue to get a leash from their bot lane which means he won't be able to come bot right away because he needs his red.     If you're on purple side, the enemy jungler will most likely start red to get a leash from their bot lane so both junglers will end up near top side.       This changes when the enemy jungler is mana reliant so they will have to start blue (Fiddle comes to mind), that's when you have to remember to ward, most of these mana reliant champions suck at ganking early so you won't have to worry about them ganking early since they're easy to avoid with wards.
0	More kids cost more money to raise.  It is not like it is a functioning get-rich-quick scheme, which is often how welfare opponents portray it.  In many states, starting welfare pay is less than $15k per year.  If people didn't receive more money to be able to take care of their children, the children would either be starving or have to be taken in by Children's Services (which would cost the government  considerably  more than just increasing the welfare payment to recipients with children).  So it seems like there are a few options as to how to respond.  First, do not increase payments for children, which would require either the government taking the children from their parents and raising them in the foster system or, alternatively, letting the children starve to death or grow up on the streets.  Second, increase the payments to parents per children so that parents can raise their own children, albeit in (survivable) poverty. Third, provide welfare recipients with foolproof contraception and punish welfare recipients if they have children they cannot afford.   "But TheOtherRedditorz, what about the  cost  of welfare (especially when accounting for increased payments based on children)?"  Well, if you want to live in a society that doesn't pay to take care of children, that's fine. You have the right to that opinion, even if I think it is total bullshit.  But if you are angry about the government paying for the care of children, I think you are focusing on (or being directed to focus on) a smaller issue in a much bigger problem.  Compare the costs of increased welfare payments based on number of children with the costs of the Iraq and Afghanistan war effort.  Yay we got Osama, but not yay for the insane amount of money we funneled into an effort in revenge.  Compare the costs of increased welfare payments based on number of children with the costs of bailing out the banking super-giants which now claim they are too poor to pay back any money to the government but yet pay  incredible  bonuses to their executives every single year without blinking an eye.   If you want to be against the government spending money, that's cool, but don't fall into the trap of "Well, I don't like  those  government expenditures because I don't support  that  cause, and I'll mask it in a pretentious and phony stance against government payments.
1	I like to check the minimap as my auto attack animation goes off for a last hit and last night I saw the enemy jungler bot and the enemy midlaner mid so I dived straight onto the enemy top laner who was out of position. 2 seconds later the enemy jarvan jungler eq's out of the top lane brush and I barely escaped with my life and was left thinking wtf I saw you bot...
1	I like the points you made, but I feel like a lot of it is subjective. To me, the reminder of "its just a game" isn't a devaluing phrase to the game but more as a reminder that i shouldn't let setbacks get to me to a certain level. It's basically a reminder that when I'm done with a game, nothing has really changed because of the outcome. Winning or losing may make me feel good or bad, but it doesn't affect me in the long run.   There's a difference in how you say and hear "it's just a game" such as when you hear it from a parent telling you to get off, it devalues the game, laying it off as something that shouldn't be important. That is entirely different if a friend is saying it when you're angry, where instead of devaluing the game, he is trying to cool you off to remind you that getting mad wont help anything, and that a week after the game, you won't even remember it.
1	Same.. logged in today.. was confused I got put into Bronze 1 in the first place seeing as as I've always been a Silver player bordering on Gold previous to this system.. didn't care knew I could easily carry myself back into Silver Tier no problem.   Won 3 Games went up 67 LP was 2nd place on my Division.   Lost 2 Games Dropped a whole Division instantly and now sitting in Bronze 2 baffled... also frustrated the last 2 games I've played I have had teams that felt like I was level 10 playing blind pick.. we're talking 30CS at 30minutes Mid players..   So have lost another 2 games because I just could not carry a mid that dies more then 10 times in the first 10-15mins.   Kind of sitting here now baffled as how I have gone from playing with Gold players to this within 7-9 games..   Edit/
1	Hi,   Im not here to argue but more here to enlighten you on howsubreddits work. and my thought processes because of it.   The voting system this is taken from the FAQ of reddit.   A submission's score is simply the number of upvotes minus the number of downvotes. If five users like the submission and three users don't it will have a score of 2. Please note that the vote numbers are not "real" numbers, they have been "fuzzed" to prevent spam bots etc. So taking the above example, if five users upvoted the submission, and three users downvote it, the upvote/downvote numbers may say 23 upvotes and 21 downvotes, or 12 upvotes, and 10 downvotes. The points score is correct, but the vote totals are "fuzzed".   This means that if 2000 is at the very least the difference, because of reddit fuzzing it out we do not know how many people exactly supported it and fought agasit it.   So what I am saying is that the majority of the community could have infact agreed on it if they were up by 2000. Since you can downvote and also upvote the threads are determined by the majoirty of voters.   Now we do not know what that number is but we can imply that based on a "2000" difference and the number of comments, as well as how one sided the comments are, that not everyone upvotes downvotes in this subreddit of 500k+, so from the people that voice there opinion I do think the majorette of people did infact hate on Nein. Since when you talk about majority rules you usually have a voting system. Even in real life if you choose note to vote we cant say you were or were not part of the majority. You can agree or disagree with the majority  but things get to the top for a reason, people voicing there opinions.
1	Here are the problems I want to layout on towers.   Towers deal physical damage.  Champions deal magic, physical, and true damage.   Champions can build armor to negate towers almost to where they do nothing.   Also in Magic damage vs Physical damage lanes the magic damage generally has the offensive and defensive advantage.  If you are building armor you are negating the physical damage dealers damage and their towers damage but if they are building magic resist they are only negating your damage.   With that said I think towers damage values should be adjusted and changed to a mix of Magical, Physical, and True damage setting the values at about 40/40/20% for each so if towers did say 200 total damage they would deal 80 magic damage, 80 physical damage and 40 True damage.  We could maintain the Towers current ramp up system where they gain damage and attackspeed with each hit and give them a stronger defensive stat when champions are near.  Tower gain armor and MR when allies are nearby and lose armor and MR when enemies are nearby(if I recall correctly) but should not lose stats unless enemy minions are nearby and gain bonus stats if it is a backdoor attempt or tower dive.
1	A penta almost always kinda just changes the mood of the game into something a bit more fun, and to be fair if the enemy team gets a quadra, there's probably not much you can do.   So yea, contrary to the popular circlejerk, I think it's better to just give the penta. It makes one person feel good, generally makes the rest of the game friendlier, and metaphorically cockblocking someone's penta just makes you look like a douche.   There are very few 1v5 penta's. They're not really any way to measure a players skill. "Earning it" isn't really something you have to do.
0	Why drive at all?   To get from A - B quicker than normal? To avoid the use of public transport? Convenience? It's your job? Physically impaired to walk? Because you enjoy driving? The list goes on   Yes you're right, some people should never drive sober, but two wrongs don't make a right. Yes, it's not heinous to drive under influence but you are making yourself less able than normal... why? What benefit is there? When doing things that risk lives, why would you ever, ever, not take every precaution you can to ensure you don't manage to kill others or yourself?
1	If Riot guts Elise's range, they better undo her damage reduction changes.   These kind of hard hitting changes without any compensation are unacceptable.
0	Depends on how you look at it. These other tribes who were ordered murdered and killed had at one time had the chance to follow God and accept him- Melchezedek was a king in Canaan who followed God when Abraham went through the area.   Omnipotent, omniscient God understood that these cultures would corrupt his chosen people to whom his law had been given, and ordered them destroyed to prevent total apostacy (and had Israel had done that, it would have been one generation, during a war for territory)  Yes, he commanded order and brought wrath, but it was to keep his people set apart in their land.   Wierd laws like the animal sacrifice you mentioned were to keep people from giving god their flawed and broken creatures. He's not a fan of leftovers. Other things like the dietary/clothing rules were to keep his people special so that outsiders could easily identify jewish folk and ideally through their righteousness show God's superiority to heathen deities.   The concept of heaven/hell club is not about knowing/following God. Its about being perfect under the law. And everyone has as sometime broken the moral Code of God. Even in cultures where very little of the law is taught, all people have failed it at some point, which is where that virgin baby self-son comes in.
1	So we are talking about support here; one of the most unpopular roles in the game. Even though season 4 changed supports and made them a more 'fun' role to play I believe you can split supports into 2 groups:   People who play support regularly.   people who were basicly forced into the role.   Now I ask you this, for both scenario's. Who are you to decide how the botlane will be fought? Most support mains know the matchups they are fighting. If they play a sona, a lane that doesn't really all-in, they still will want to poke. And now you get matched up with an adc who provides 0 pressure in lane, relinquishes brush control and runs away when you get all inned by that leona because he believes he can't win so it's best to just let you die. That is very frustrating.   Same with someone who is forced into the role, they probably have little experience in the support role, yet they get paired with an adc that doesn't back any of their decisions. It's better if both people go in on a bad call, then if only one person does and he basicly provides free snowball gold for the lane.   Now I totally agree with you that you shouldn't flame in game, ever. It lowers moral and it's not going to help you win the game. But please get of your adc high-horse, the botlane is a duo lane where both parties hvae to adapt to each others playstyle and sure this is also on the support, he should adapt as well. The way you put it in your post however, makes it seems you are unable to play any other way then the farm way, unable to play in sync with your botlane partner. If you don't know how to play with a variety of supports atleast communicate that in champion select, or just don't play the role at all.   Once again I want to underline that I don't condone flaming, in fact you can tell your botlane is going to be shit when you're paired with a flamer. Because you can usually tell someone is bad at working in a team when they flame and the botlane is all about team work.
1	It's League of Legends. Lets be honest. There is mad toxic people everywhere. Look at Dead Vegito or whatever in challenger haha. But with that fact given. The percentile I have noticed in Bronze and Silver is so much higher. Me, I don't have a problem with keeping myself composed when someone is raging. I might say some sarcastic shit back. But I give credit where it's do always. If you are someone like the OP, and have a hard time controlling yourself from being toxic. Or getting mad. (Not judging it's common) Than when you are in lower ranks. It's better of not giving anyone the chance to set you off. Sense the toxic level is much more common in these ranks. PLUS even if there isn't toxicity. It is very rare for Bronze and Silvers to talk and come together with some strategy over the chat. Unless 1 person takes the initiate and god blesses you and everyone listens. So there is almost no need for the chat anyway.
0	Despite much research the current belief of the medical community is that e-cigarettes are not safer. At least that's what they teach us at medical school.   edit: Apparently I shouldn't one off a controvertial topic like this. To the individuals accusing my teachers of not reading the current literature... lol  I have the misfortune of going to a school where the people lecturing us are the ones writing the literature (at least in certain fields). It sounds cool, trust me it isn't. You can only hear about so many protein structures before you want to tear your ear off.   Coincidentally,  I  am  not  a doctor and I'm not always 100% right. I've gone back to the lecture I had on E-Cigarettes to clarify my opinion. What we know: There isn't tar in e-cigarettes, that's good and it should make them, at least in theory, safer. ~~ However, certain toxins are also manifold higher.  both of which are bad. [Benzene and toluene especially so (or maybe not especially, I'm not researching seven compounds to prove a point that I don't really care about.)](   Further--They increase pulmonary resistance within five minutes of inhalation. Is that a bad thing? Well it certainly isn't good.   Mouse models show decreased survival of embryonic stem cells. .   [They also increase the amount of polycyclic aromatic hydrocrabons.](   None of this is "proof" that e-cigs are inherently more or less dangerous. The problem is that they haven't been around for a long enough period to really objectively measure long term survival or cancer rates. I hope I'm wrong. I really do, I'd love all smokers to be able to transition to a safe form of nicotine (that's not possible in that nicotine is itself a toxin, but hey, in moderation I suppose). But I don't think they are.
0	At a horse show in Spain that was incredibly boring, I noticed that a small group of individuals that seemed way too into dressage would initiate all of the applause. They would clap, then the entire stadium would follow.   To pass the time, my brother and I started clapping at completely inane horse maneuvers, and to our surprise, the crowd bought it.   Grinning, the two of us, knowing nothing about horses, led thousands to applaud every standard left turn.   I had unlimited power literally in my hands. After the show ended I fell into a deep depression that I still suffer from today.
0	I see nothing wrong with what you did. If it's an emergency, you should call an ambulance, the police, the fire department. Anything else is not really an emergency  for the driver .   I had someone try to do the illegal passing thing to me yesterday while I was on my bicycle. It was raining, dark, and I had strobe lights and a headlight. Motherfucker still pulled into the  MARKED  bicycle lane to pass traffic. A bicycle lane that I was currently occupying. I managed to avoid getting hit, and when he had to slow down half a block later, I parked my bicycle directly in front of him and let the rest of traffic pass him.
0	Eh is literally the last part of You Say.
1	Honestly, I feel the general opinion that a 'coach' is needed in this game is extremely bizarre.   If we have the same expectations for a coach in League as we have in other professional sports, what do we believe they will bring to the table?  I may be way off, by my observation is that a coach primarily brings decades of experience to a team, along with several other ancillary skillsets: player acquisition, handing the daily roster issues (injuries, illnesses, players becoming better or worse over other options), budget, playbooks, et cetera.   Which of those would apply to a League of Legends coach?  Most professional players are on the same footing as far as experience goes, as the game has only been out 3 years.  There are no daily roster changes to be made - each team's roster is a set five players, with maybe an alternate for DIRE situations.  Playbooks are something, League-wise, that need to be handled on the fly in champ select - and as far as I know, a coach is not allowed in those conversations.  Salaries and budgeting - sure, but most of the posts I'm reading aren't "TSM can't manage their money," so I'm not sure that's applicable.   So what do people expect a 'coach' to bring to a team?  Emotional maturity?  If so, who on earth would these players respect enough to submit themselves to?  Surely they would not take kindly to someone near their age telling them to 'calm down', 'play as a team', or 'you made a mistake'.
0	Gonna get buried but throwaway time:   I've been pretty cautious/shy around women for my whole life. Throughout middle school and high school I never had a girlfriend, went on a date or even had a serious conversation with a girl. For some reason I am in college now and had my first creep experience. And it was me. I have never done anything creepy to anyone throughout my school career so this one was completely unintentional. During the first week of Freshman year I was sitting by myself in the dining hall as usual because my social reclusion doesn't only apply to girls. Some poor redhead girl who looked equally as shy sheepishly asked me if someone was sitting at my empty table. I said no and she sat down. I don't remember the entire thing but we ended up, for some reason, showing each other our dorm rooms and spending the rest of the day together. I asking for her number at the end of the night (big mistake) and told her that I didn't really have any friends and if she wanted to do something the next day. She gave me her number and nothing happened the next couple days. I, being the unknowing fool, for the next week would text her asking to do something (which she never responded) and would take regular trips to her dorm to she if she was there, which she never was. I met her one day as I was going to a class and I knew something was wrong. For some reason I thought she liked me and stammered if she wanted to see a movie that night since it was Friday. She awkwardly, but nicely, told me that we couldn't be friends anymore because of my perceived creepiness and that she already had a boyfriend. I apologized and told her she would never see me again and walked away. Looking back at it now I still cringe at the experience and my unintentional creepiness. It has only reaffirmed my cautiousness around girls. I must not be too terribly awkward because my roommate and one of his friends took a liking to me and said I should "go party with them sometime". I sheepishly told them maybe. They insisted that it would be fun and I would "get laid". I still haven't taken up their offer, even though I want to meet a girl. I guess you could say I am waiting for my princess to fall out of the sky and into my lap.........
0	On autopilot...miss my turn...   wife: "Um, aren't you gonna turn?"   me: "Um...yes...I'm just going this other way....I know how to drive!"     Next time I'm on autopilot...miss turn and all possible alternatives...   Wife: "Where are you going?"   Me: "Why didn't you tell me I was going the wrong way?"
1	Everyone is familiar with the Dunning-Kruger effect.   A lot of the time people complain because while they make mistakes, and even acknowledge it, there are games where the teammate(s) in question perform at a level significantly lower than that of which they are expected to.   Everyone makes mistakes, and most people know that. But there are lots of circumstances where you can, in fact, blame your team for a loss. Here's the thing, no one is perfect, and no one has "perfect games" there are literally always things you could do to have played it better. By that logic, we can say that the frequency of mistakes tends to lessen, but never go away, as you progress through the ranks. Now, with that in mind, who's to say that you may make mistakes, but not nearly to the same frequency as whomever you are playing with? When you play at a level that is higher, but albeit marginally, than those you are matched with, then your teammates can in fact hold you back.
1	I love how this works. People complain that there's such a small champion pool then complain when the OP junglers are nerfed. Let's be real, junglers have the most overall effect on the game in this season and junglers like Pantheon, Lee, Elise, and Kha all have the potential to break a game by themselves. No lane has that kind of power, with the closest being mid.   I'm a jungler main and while I'm annoyed with the nerfs, Elise, Eve, and Kha are all still really strong and completely playable, this just gives room for weaker early junglers like Amumu, Naut, and Sejuani to get some play.
1	Elo hell" is considered the bracket just above and below your true elo. Essentially it's the threshold you cross into where you can no longer single handedly carry every member of your team on your back. The closer you get to your actual elo, the less impact you have on the game itself. It's approximately 200 elo below and above your actual elo.   If your true elo was 1500, for example, anything below 1300 you could easily just roll face and destroy every team fight, regardless of the derp on your team. As you approach 1500, it isn't as guaranteed that you're going to play amazing or get fed enough to carry everything - not to say it isn't possible - it's just less likely since you're playing against people at or around your skill level. This results in your 50/50 win ratio that keeps your elo relatively stable - ie "true elo."   Basically, you climb the ladder and grind your way to  your  elo hell, then you bounce around in there for a while. This is the reason that people complain about elo hell - because they have a smaller impact on the results of the game and therefore every turnout is seemingly decided by the ragers/feeders/afkers on your team. When you have less control over the game, it's everybody else's fault that you're stuck.
1	Because an ability (worst, an ultimate with a huge cd) that deals down to 5 damage is stupid. If you want to use your ultimate to finish someone, they should let you do it. It can deal less damage, whatever. Just not 5. Is Brand's ultimate supposed to be used 1v1 with no minion around, just as a finisher move? I doubt so. But do people still use it this way when they can? Of course they do. Because they can still rely on its damage somehow. It's less, sure, it's not in a teamfight, but flexibility is better. An ultimate shouldn't be used for only engaging. If you still have it at the end of the fight, or if it came back at the end of the fight, then fine you can use it and deal damage with it. If your ultimate as Malphite comes back at the end of a fight, and the last enemy champion flashes away with low HP, do you keep it and tell your allies "Dude, this is only an engage skill!". No, you freaking charge on this guy. Anyway this is getting pretty long.
1	No one is talking about normal draft except you. I don't even know what you're saying. My entire point was that I want to play what I want to play, and whether that's easier in team builder or blind pick. I would never play normal draft, why not just play ranked if I'm going to get assigned a role?   Team builder vs blind pick is the only argument in normals, and team builder takes much longer if you don't play meta shit. The end.
1	They're saying further in this thread that they are investigating means of providing english content for english speakers without removing the official french casting.   I think that the vast majority of the french players going to the event do not speak english very well. It is not just a legend to say that french people speak english really badly. Most movies are dubbed, TV shows are dubbed... It is easy to forget that, because the Internet is full of people who spend half their lives browsing english content and acquire fluency this way.   I reckon that by providing french casting they are encouraging the fact that french speak bad english because everything is translated into french, but they are also showing some respect for the french crowd coming to see the game (and I'm pretty sure there would have been much more french people in the room even if it had been in english).   For me, the real problem is that they have chosen two of the most famous french LoL casters, but these casters are nowhere near the LCS casters in terms of casting talent and personality. As a french person, I'll probably be watching the event in english just because of that.
1	I think what people do not get is how toxicity works and how it comes about.   This whole comment is only tackling the problem of people defending unconventional picks with strangers as something that is not toxic at all.   First off, i would like to say that we have all been thinking very selfishly in term of Player Toxicity. Many of us tend to feel that others are toxic in their speech/actions towards us when we do not"deserve"it. An example would be doing unconventional stuff with random strangers in a team.   People all tend to defend this as"Everyone is a beginner once etc"and do not see the problem nor see this as being toxic in the first place.This is where i would like to tackle the problem.Doing something unconventional with people you do not know when you are supposed to IS toxic.   Why is it toxic?   Think of your team as your family.  Imagine they ask you not to go to the casino,but you still want to go. You would probably defend it with something like"Its fun,I will win etc"when you know that the chances of you losing money is really high. Yea,its fun for you,but your family have to tolerate with you anyhow spending money and making you upset,and this is already with people you know. Its toxic to the family but you would think that it is not toxic to you as it does not really affect you directly. Why would they not have the reason to leave you,ban you from the casino,take actions against you? Heck they even have reasons to verbally abuse you,its what most families would think is okay since the fault is with the person who likes to go to the casino and lose alot of hard earned money.   The only exception i could say is those people who have planned out their casino trip,knows what to do to win AND actually bring home money won or drawing even with what they have brought to the casino.Those type of people are those whose families can trust with the money they bring to the casino.
1	The meta still shifts with balance updates. One week people play twitch and build one item the next week they patch that so other champions can come back in. I have played this game for three years and yes the lanes are pretty set in stone by how they are played does change with the meta.   Red pot was a great start on lots of all in top laners for a long time but then the meta shifted so that was as common of a start. Assassins mid was the big thing for a while and then people learned how to counter them more effectively with an hourglass and arm guard. Super tanks like Mundo were the best top laners for a while. Maybe Urgot will be the next best adc and you build static shiv first. The meta does change and if you have been playing for as long as I have you can name off many innovations that have some to counter common strategy and adapt to situations.   Patch 4.11 was a giant shift to the meta if you play at any ranked tier seriously. Nid is brought to top lane and built AD now because of it. They added a new jungle item to allow tanky junglers to have an easier time like Maokai and Rammus. I honestly think that with almost every large patch the meta will wiggle to its changes and that is often reflected by the win rates of lots of champions after a patch.   If you think the meta is static I would recommend you watch the other competitive leagues around the world, even the EU LCS looks a little different than NA because there meta is slightly different. The biggest difference is Korea's OGN which is a whole new world of strategy compared to the NA LCS.
0	You misunderstand.   People at the time had a habit of viewing industrialization as unambiguously good. There was certainly a number of people who pointed out the social stratification, dangerous labor, and declining conditions of poor city-dwellers, but no one paid much attention to them. Industrialization made life easier for everyone, and that made it good!   Then people saw the trains and camps and factories. They saw furnaces that acted as waste disposal facilities. They saw pits filled with chemicals that had dissolved hundreds of bodies into a noxious goo. The saw the showers and cattle guns. They saw skeletal figures stacked like palettes.   The holocaust was a well-documented case of something people viewed as good being turned toward unimaginable horror. No, that's wrong. It was an incredibly imaginative horror, the kind that seeps into the dark corners of your mind and never really leaves you.   Stalin, on the other hand, got his numbers up so high by starving people to death. This was more effective and completely evil, but it didn't have that visceral perversion of the very tools that were meant to make life better.
1	I just read the rules, they say nothing about the match starting within 30 minutes, they simply say 30 minutes to contact, the screenshot shows him replying the 2nd text right away (he could have missed the first it it was while loading the match).   In fact the rules to say: Unfair play:   The following actions will be considered unfair play:    5) Unsportsmanlike or disruptive behavior such as inappropriate and/or unprofessional actions directed towards another player or tournament official.   It can trivially be argued that OP is the only person who broke the rules.
1	I admit Golem is a bit silly   But here lets put it another way. You say the jungle is NERFED. This means that it's worse then before all the gold generation items.   Say you don't get golem, wriggles or whatever. Jungle gives slightly less gold but that evens out quite quickly until it gives more gold. So just by definition. Yes, the jungle did get buffed not nerfed.   Your assumption that most junglers don't need smite is silly and very untrue. The jungle is set up so that all junglers will benefit heavily from it. Nobody clears a whole camp at the same time except maybe shyv, most have to sit there wacking the big creep after the little ones have died, or killing the smaller ones individually. You say 60 gold per clear isn't that much, but then that also scales, and telling me that getting an extra camp per clear is worse then the old jungle is silly.
0	I am more likely to tell someone I had a bad experience when the chef/service staff explains to me that I am ignorant/stupid for asking something a certain way, or simply refusing to cook something I ask for.   On the other hand, I will absolutely give praise if I ask for 50 modifications and all are met with a smile. Not only will I praise, but I will tip well, bring friends back to the establishment, and plan company outings there.
0	i had to help with upgrading to windows 7 for a big company with offices scattered around the area.... it was a nightmare. upgrading the older hardware wasn't too bad but scheduling people to pick up their existing work computers, backing up the data, upgrading it then reloading the data took time and many people miss their appointments then get pissed off that their computer isn't upgraded like bob beside them... not to mention the software capability issues, new software bugs, network problems from upgraded sites, new and old mail transfering issues... and this still happened after a year of planning the move from XP to Windows 7.
1	You do realize that normal matchmaking has absolutely NOTHING at all with ranked match making. I have a friend who never bothers with ranked and was silver last year because he just did his promos to help out a friend, yet when he solo q's normals he is constantly paired with plat+ players.   I know people who are plat 1 but get paired with gold and silver players in nromals because when they play normals they never play their main role and try odd picks lowering their normals MMR.
0	Pineapples, like hedgehogs, are prickly.
1	As a mid main (one among many  I think it's a false problem for a few reasons :     You never know if you are really the best at your favorite position. Why wouldn't the guy in second place be better than you on mid lane ?     We ain't pros. Or even challengers. We are randoms, we can't just say : " it's my job to play mid ", you have to play all positions. Even if you can't play as good on all of them, but you can't just keep playing with the " mid or i'm so bad i'll feed " mentality.       I'm a low silver noob, slowly carrying myself up. I may main mid, I play every lane, and I can carry from every lane. Learn to play the other lanes, for sure, a support won't carry as much as the others, but have you played with good supports ? The ones that shutdown all ennemy threat, who saves you each teamfight ? Same logic for a good top. Or a good jungler. Or a good ADC.
0	People touting this side usually cite a vowel in a particular acronym when trying to refute the [gif] pronunciation of .gif. Vowels are not the same as consonants as they are commonly pronounced in many different ways:   long a, short a, , , , , etc.   I'm sure that there are some consonants in some acronyms that change they way they are pronounced too, but usually it's to make the acronym very easy to say because it makes more sense to pronounce it that way, not the other way around like with the .gif fiasco.
0	look at how fucking stupid you are.  I wish I could rub your nose in your own stupidity.   Please read the comments here to see just how fucking stupid you are.
1	Kassadin does not counter leblanc.   I see a lot of mids take scaling ap blues which is a huge mistake vs a strong laner like leblanc because you will just get wrecked.   LB is fairly easy to deal with once you know her ranges and before she gets blue buff. Just farm outside of her range and if she tries to zone you, you can harass her back. The important thing to note about playing vs. leblanc is to not take free damage. If she throws out a q-w combo, hit her back. A lot of people just take the damage like a bitch. If you let yourself get too low you'll be forced to go back or die.   Again the most important thing is to farm. Leblanc will fall off lategame and if you don't allow her to snowball, she will become less and less of a factor.   Nobody really counters leblanc hard, but there are certain strategies that counter lb. She has a very hard time farming so if you can push the wave to her turret with someone who can clear creeps quickly (morgana, sion, orianna, morde, etc.), she will be unable to farm properly or gank sidelanes.   If you're really having trouble, get a null-magic and a bunch of health potions on your way back.
1	Well where to begin...   Lets start with this little nugget:   Ryze    [00:08:59]    ?   Ryze    [00:09:20]    wtf   Ryze    [00:09:22]    Nice   Ryze    [00:09:23]    gg   Janna    [00:09:28]    mlkia dn mporoume na tous fame..   Vi    [00:09:30]    if you even say 1 more word   Vi    [00:09:31]    i report you   Here you could have EASILY just ignored ryze... unless you were talking to Janna in which case I have no idea what she said, but the same thing applies. After this comment you constantly spoke of ignoring people and complaining in all chat about your team. This is as we say in the States a, "Big No No."   As for the other games, you basically did the same things. Constantly threatening reports, complaining about others, so on and so forth.   Sorry to burst your bubble, but you did indeed deserve all of these reports. Now I'm not saying I'm perfect, but more often than not the only words I type in a game are gj    insert champ name here    and gg at the end of the game. Other than that its pings when I come in and when people should care.   Sorry if this is terribly formatted, it's probably my longest post to date.
1	Singed is as strong as he ever was, people have just gotten better at beating him in the laning phase, and some of his counters like Kennen and Vlad have reached an all time high in popularity. If he makes it out of laning phase with good farm he is a complete menace, but his early game is a tad rough.   Top lane is just about the only lane he really excels in (he can jungle but he isn't exactly top tier) and it's just so damn unforgiving.   He is a situational pick, you just need to know when to play him.
1	You don't know how the conversation ended to know whether or not Regi was completely hounding Chaox. I didn't see Regi beating down Chaox or anything like that, I simply saw him asking Chaox to admit he was wrong to move forward with the discussion, how could they move forward if Chaox still believes the team did wrong by him and not the other way around?
1	As an ADC main, I am not liking the patch. Why did riot nerf one item and buff another item? Riot is basically saying, we've had enough of the caster ADCs--now we want auto attack oriented ADCs. What is Riot's reason for this? They're basically shunning one type of carry and welcoming another one. Their best bet was to implement the IE/Blade/Scimitar changes to bring back the Caits/Trists of the world and nerf the cost of BT rather than making a shitty passive for it and making it way more expensive for a worse item.
1	Hi I'm Neal aka SirDrinksAlot312 aka ManiacofOlympos. I am support main who doesnt play ranked. My rank is Bronze 1 for those who wonder but I havent played a ranked game since early Season 4. I play support or mid quite often.   I've been told I have a nice grasp of the game and a lot of game knowladge but I dont have the mechanics. My stream is mostly about fun games. If you want nice classic rock and me singing them so bad that would make the artists cry, you should tag along.   I try to teach the game to the best of my ability too with my limited mechanics and less limited knowledge. I stream every day at different times. I will brings some order to my chaotic streaming hours soon.
0	Reading these comments I can only say this; What the fuck is wrong with you dude? Do you have some sort of behavioral / mental disorder? Look at the shit you are typing. Seriously what sane, rational human being says that? You have some unresolved issues that you need to work out.
1	In all honesty, I don't think it is. At first I was against it, but after some thought, it's not imbalanced or anything of the sort. Sure, it's new and hasn't been done before in LoL (at least to my knowledge), but it's exciting. Just because they have an in-game buff doesn't mean it's op or anything. They don't become invincible. I mean, think about it, if Rengar defeats Kha'zix, it's most likely that he was already doing well, or if he assisted, he's doing something in team fights. It's not that he just gets beefed out randomly. Same with Kha'zix. They can still be killed and they can still lose the game.   I think overall, it's exciting that Riot is implementing something new. I want to see more of this later on in the game, but spread out and in a different manner. I don't want to see a bunch of rivalries that end up in one having to kill the other and having a buff all the time. Maybe something different, like an accessible item when there's a specific champion on the opposing team. I'm glad that Riot is doing this. Sure it may not work well in the beginning, but they can always tweak it and better it.
0	What if I told you that isn't hypocritical?   She wants equal rights. She wants you to pay for her food. These are not mutually exclusive. It's like saying you can't be a feminist and want to be sexually dominated in the bedroom. Or you can't be a libertarian and live with your parents. There's no connection between the two of them.
1	The basic idea is that using the word "rape" for things that aren't rape trivializes the actual crime, and suppresses cultural outrage at the idea of sexual violence. It's a little deeper than that; if you really want to know, you could look up the concept of a rape culture. Personally, I don't buy this particular application of the idea, 'cause I believe people are capable of recognizing that nobody is talking about literal rape in a video game.
0	I know nothing about this kinda stuff but s bunch of (normal non accountant people)  told me I could claim gas,  clothes,  and anything else used for work. I didn't try to claim clothes or anything.  Where I worked was work - casual and I own almost no nice clothes,  but right after I got there the location owner (idk her official title and it took months for me to know who she was... She never talked to lesser employees and never introduced herself and wasn't at the office much past like,  noon...)  got busted stealing donation money to pay for her own stuff like a wedding and a car,  and she swore she didn't do it,  that the donation money was "in the building,  but they just never had a chance to actually donate it"  and gave us a year of dress down as a bribe.  A bribe that very much worked.
0	If they really wanted equality they wouldn't spend their entire life identifying themselves by their skin color. I mean yeah if you're applying for a job and the interviewer says "I'm sorry we don't hire darkies/beaners/peking ducks/etc," then I can understand being mad. It just pisses me off when people use racial discrimination as the excuse for not getting their way, or use it as a blanket argument for every indiscretion against them.   "Hate crime" is just another one of those discretionary powers that cops like to use to tack on extra charges. 90% of the hate crimes committed in America are just bullshit that gets thrown around because a white person did something to a non-white person. 9% are legitimate hate crimes that usually sink to the bottom of priority list or get settled with civility. Then you have the 1% of all hate crimes in America that may be legit, but get paraded around the media circuit so loudly and obsessively that they make the victims and the people advocating for them look like complete jackasses and end up similar to a Nancy Grace Christmas Suicide Special.
1	Not the viewers just you. it sounds like you're hearing what you want to hear. because riot knowing that NA LOVES SKT almost as much as tsm you should be experiencing the same for amount of noise from them according to your conspiracy theory. you should also hear sounds for FNC since a lot of na viewers favor them as well. I don't believe you know what your talking about for a lot of areas. Such as you believe that ONLY TSM fans came to this event, or the fact that you think just because their tsm fans means they don't have other teams they're fans of.
0	When I was a young, maybe about 10 years old I was in music class in school and was asked to take some duct tape off an extension cord on the floor. It was near Christmas time and I had a delicious candy cane I had in fact sharpened into a death spike.   Well I went to pull the tape off the cord, my hand slipped and hit the candy cane death spike that was in my mouth, driving it about an inch into the roof of my mouth. Immediately blood was pouring out of my mouth and the principle rushed me to the hospital.
0	In these situations I always ask myself, "What would Jesus do?" And the answer is always "Revenge."
0	No Fun League.   Oh snap, son, that is one sick burn on those sports-executive bigwigs!   Also thank you for humouring me and offering an informative but concise explanation of the uniform situation. From my high school sporting days (field hockey, because I went to an all-girls British public school and was too fuckin' hardcore to trifle with netball, which is basketball with 85% of the fun removed, for those who don't know) I get that ensuring a consistent uniform across players is pretty important, from the superifical "we look united against our opponents!" to the somewhat psychological of all being dressed the same, looking the same, working the same and in it together.   ...holy mother of run-on sentences, Batman!   To get vaguely back on topic, mental health is something that is particularly close to my heart, and that can occasionally (thankfully not too frequently) press my indignance button before I've had a chance to sit back and look at the broader context of something. We could discuss the ethics of corporate sponsorship of sports and sporting uniforms 'til the cows come home, but it's not going to change the bottom line and, really, why should it? The system seems to work for those involved, and more power to 'em, the fact that elite athletes will open support charities, particularly ones for less glamorous or more taboo subjects like mental health is a pretty fuckin' big deal in itself.   It would be bloody brilliant if the FREEDOM FOOTBALL powers-that-be take Marshall's stance into consideration in future and maybe incorporate public support for mental health charities in future games. Even if it's just one or two games a season, it's a relatively minor adjustment for them that could make a significant impact in public perception/understanding of mental illness. Lord knows it's something clouded by a world of prejudice and stigma.   ...but there I go grinding my mental health axe again
1	OK, this is how imagine a perfect objective-focused game:        1st dragon   this first objective you should focus on is dragon. To make that possible the jungles needs to have a successful gank bot. If the jungler, support and adc are relatively healthy and can juggle dragons agro properly, look to take that.        Warding and bot tower    This is a great video on early warding by Krepo. . If it is successful, look to take the tower, push the lane and rotate mid/contest enemy buff if it is up.       Next you should focus on the mid tower. Remember to ward the jungle around it and enemy entrances to dragon. If you took the tower successfully, look to take the second dragon.        Top lane   well this usually goes 3 ways: enemy has already taken you tower, you have already taken enemy tower, toplane is equal and the towers are relatively healthy. To get this tower I would not advise sending a lot of people there. It is better to create pressure elsewhere, e.g. mid and make the enemy toplaner come to you. If you have less people try not to fight, just kite and poke if possible. Meanwhile your toplaner takes the top tower.        Inner turrets   If your pressure mid was successful take the mid inner tower. If not  focus on bot inner tower. If you can take it, take it and then look to take dragon. If you cant and the dragon is up  ward the enemy bot jungle and take the dragon. Here you usually have tofight for it, and if you successfully taken the dragon go for the inner mid/bot tower that has the most pushed minions and take the tower. I highly suggest taking inner bot tower, because after this point there will usually be a lot of teamfights/skirmishes and if they are successful look to ward baron/take buffs/take top inner tower.        Baron   taking a Baron heavily relies on having pressure on the bot inhibitor tower/inhibitor. Sending you toplaner/midlaner to splitpush bot while pressuring mid and baiting baron is one way. Other way is creating a slow push. To do that you have to make sure you have slightly more friendly minions that the enemy. If this does not work, look to teamfight around mid/bot and if healthy enough  go for Baron. If not so much  take an inhibitor tower/inhibitor (focus on bot over mid if possible). Also, take the dragon on the way back if possible.        Ending the game   if you have Baron, make sure all your lanes are pushing and siege mid and any other lane that has minions closest to enemy inhibitor. If you already took 2 inhibs, try to finish. If you cant  back and take the 3rd and finish.   This is very reliant on all teammates being on the same page and is more suitable for ranked 5s than soloQ. However, it is still possible if people play rather safe early and do not go for deep dives or fight with a disadvantage. Also make sure to refresh you wards, place them deeper each time you take a tower, clear enemy wards around dragon/baron and main warding sports in the jungle. Also, if you are ahead, try to contest as many enemy buffs as possible.
1	Here you have the translation:   Very sad, helpless, and impotent to have lost, because after traveling 12 hours we spent 24 hours of pure stress from the moment we arrived at the hotel. A Riot guy said that everything was fixed and we were about to rest in our hotel rooms in.   After spending the entire previous day struggling for a room in hotel lobby from 10 am to 12 pm and having a teamate sleeping on the floor, to go begging for another room to rest gives me much anger; knowing that we were the first to arrive with Millenium, who went direct to their rooms when they arrived as if nothing, while we had a day without a room does not seem fair.
1	League had it's time in the spotlight and is fading out. At the time of it's release it filled a need that wasn't met - people wanted quick, accessible, online battles with other players. It drew people like me from the WoW crowd who liked the competition but hated the gear grind. Every game was a new start, and you had lots of fun different champions to choose from.   It's grown over the years and evolved into this competitive Twitch-dominating monster we have now. It got people involved in and excited about the eSports scene.   However, what I've discovered is people actually enjoy watching the game more than playing it a lot of the time. There could be lots of reasons for this, and I'm not claiming I know what they are, but my theory would be these things:   1) Power creep - New and shiny champions just got released one after another and each one had a more loaded kit than the one before it. This would be fine if they bothered updating older champions at a decent rate, but it seems some get some much needed attention while others get left in the dust. I was just talking to my friend about how Kennen used to be my favorite champion, but when was the last time you saw a Kennen? He has such a dated kit. I'm not saying he  can't  be useful, it's just that you'd be infinitely better off playing any other AP mid, like Xerath or Cass or so on and so forth.   2) Constant balancing issues/changes - this kind of goes with #1, but I think a lot of people felt pigeon-holed into playing OP Champion X, rather than getting to play one of their favorite champions. If you don't log on this game for a month and come back, the pendulum might have swung so far that your normal go to champ is garbage and some random champion has been buffed into Godmode. Or, an item that was good no longer is. This happened to me recently when I came back and they buffed the hell out of Akali's shroud. Long story short, there's too many champions and changes to reasonably keep up with.   3) Toxicity/game not being fun as it is frustrating - This one has always just been a problem and when the game shifted focus from heroes snowballing to being team-oriented I think it kind of put the nail in the coffin. Games became harder to carry, now you're even more reliant on the other 4 players on your team. And you're basically up to the mercy of the LoL Gods on what kind of teammates you get. I'm not saying toxic players are Riot's fault, or that there's even a good solution, but I do think it is a contributing factor. And I think the most frustrating thing about it is, when the game is so dependent on teamwork, you can't just "forget" that 5th player who is a total doucher.   My prediction is, when a newer game is released that filled the same gap that League did originally, people will start leaving in droves. And when I say "gap" I don't mean MOBA necessarily, I mean a game that is casual friendly, and provides quick, high speed enjoyment with little commitment. Not that the game won't always have it's fanbase, but I don't believe it will continue to dominate the market for much longer. The problem is, we haven't seen any real innovation as far as online games go SINCE League of Legends, and perhaps DayZ (which is still in development, and I found too cumbersome to enjoy).   Heroes of the Storm is just another clone, and looks pretty bad tbh, but I think Overwatch has some potential to steal away a big chunk of the eSports crowd. I think whatever the next "big" game will be, it will require a competitive atmosphere and eSports scene. And my bet is we'll shift from the MOBA to a FPS type game.   Just my opinion, take it for what's it worth. I was bored and decided to type out my thoughts on the matter.
0	Ok, Im new to this reddit game so i'm not sure if replying like this lets everybody know OP is no fag but here goes.   Basically i've spent the last 6 months working in a laboratory as part of my M.Sc course trying to work out a therapeutic cure for malaria by investigating the calcium dependent signalling pathway. Im a good student so i work on things in the time allocated, so id been perfecting it for 6 months   So on my last night at uni (I reiterate LAST NIGHT) its the summer ball, so we lock our doors and head out all suited up looking fancy fly having a great night out. I come home, and notice nothing is wrong, i'm pretty drunk and cant find my laptop, so im like, its probably  somewhere  and just got to sleep. I awake the next day and cant find the fucking thing and so i call the police. Then basically, the equivalent of detective Phelps comes over to my house; Gloves, Pen to poke things with, you name it.   It turns out, some burglars climbed up my drain pipe, jimmyed open a window, crept in a nicked everyones laptops out of their room and left everything else. On that laptop was my Thesis, and with that 10,000 words went POOF as like a moron i didn't back it up   Since then i've been working frantically to get it done, but i havnt been able to, so i ring my course conveyor begging for an extra week or so. He was literally, like, WOAH, calm down man. its fine, have an extra 3 weeks, just make sure you get it done.   What a G.
1	oh man! I so would love to see a Zac support!!! on the enemy side. nope, I completely disagree with Zac support.   Being a support character, you need to have utility kits that require no gold to be efficient. for zac, the only kit he has is the slow from his Q, perhaps some slow from his ult, some cc from his E, yeah it would be awesome if it's all "mana cost"   but, bot lane with a tanky support, trades happen a lot, and with zac's kits, you're always spending your health when poking and trading, that leaves you extremely vulnerable since you might be going into a trade with 2/3 or even 1/2 of your maximum health.   zac needs a lot and a lot of health as well as resistance, and as a support you won't be able to itemize like that. the only health you will get would from ruby sightstone, one or two kindle gem, and you might get aegis for armor, but they are just not enough for zac.
0	My dad bailed for a  crazy  bitch who had previously accused a guy of rape, went to court where it was proven that  she  broke into  his  house, and he was out of the country on the night in question.   Same bitch got drunk, fell and slammed into the sidewalk, accused my dad of beating her. Went to court judge threw it out....they were back together the next day.
0	Personally, I wouldn't refer to an average 16 year old as a man or a woman.  Until you've held a job, supported a family, cared for someone... or just shown a large amount of responsibility, I don't consider that person an adult.   For example, I would not call Will Ferrel in  Step Brothers  as a man Even though he's 40 in the film, he is completely void of responsibility.  A 16 year old who gets As in school, takes care of a younger sibling in place of a parental figure, and holds a job can be referred to as a Man or Woman.   My first post was a generalization, this one drills down a bit.
1	mobas are relatively unique in that the cumulative advantages are combined in a team game. one by-product of this is that, when you are personally losing, even though you become less able to control the game (and thus start having less fun), at the same time you cannot concede (as you would in chess etc) because there are other people on your team.   control of the game is not everything of course, as being rewarded for your decisions is also part of what makes this genre fun.  shit's about balance. and so the question shouldn't be, should you be able to throw the game, but to what degree should you be able to throw the game. opinions on that will differ (clearly, you're not in favour of the current balance), but i think a lot of riot's success over icefrog and s2 is because they realised that most people prefer the game to be less punishing.
0	Plus it's such a tiny portion of the air you'll breathe that day that it's basically preposterous to worry that it's going to negatively affect your health.   Adult humans breathe about 11,000 liters of air a day^1 . The tidal volume of an adult human lung is about 0.5 liters^2 (the volume of air you take in a normal breath). So if the world's most inconsiderate smoker leaned over and [blew the entire contents of her lungs into your mouth]( that breath would still only constitute 0.00455% of the total air you're going to breathe that day.   Let's make some educated guesses and say that a single cigarette will provide a smoker with 50 lung-filling puffs, erring on the side of being far too liberal in our estimates. Let's also say that you'd have to smoke five cigarettes a day to be considered a "very light smoker"^3, and we'll further assume that "very light smokers" are putting themselves at a measurable risk of significant health problems. This would mean that the endangered smoker would be consuming 125 liters of tainted air a day.   In other words, we've established a rough estimate that 1.136% of the air you breathe in a day has to contain smoke for you to be considered as high-risk as a very light smoker. The amount of smoke you'll inhale passing a smoker is roughly 250 times less air than even the lightest smokers breathe in a day.   If cigarettes were  so  dangerous that you were at risk if you breathed even 0.00455% smoke out of your daily volume of clean air, they would've long ago been classified as a weapon of mass destruction.
1	The overlord is used for vision but also is important to the Zerg to allow them to build more units. Usually Zerg use their overlords and scout the enemy base. Commonly, picking off an Overlord is easy, but he used it in a way that tempted the enemy to go for it out in the open and he just surrounded him with melee units while range cleaned up.
1	And see that's not necessarily true. You're talking about an all or nothing definition of pay to win where as the post I originally responded to was talking about a varying level pay to win so the posters definition that I commented on is my definition not yours.   Yes there are straight pay to win games. But there are also varying levels of pay to win. For instance, Conquer online. It's a game where yes you can obtain absolutely everything if you grind hard enough, however, a lot of the player base stopped playing it when they felt it became very P2W as they introduced a system where the most valuable items could be bought with real money, items that were theoretically possible to create but only a rare few had done it because the grind for them would be incredible.   So yes, LoL is very low on the P2W spectrum at almost free considering buying extra runepages only give you an advantage if you know how to use them, however, it still presents a distinct advantage and is thus MORE P2W then DoTA2 which is completely free.
1	I don't know if I agree with this. I am between 800-900 ELO and people in ranked just berate me for being unranked when I duo queue with a ranked friend. Even taking duo queue out of the equation, since pick order is based on ELO, I am assaulted for being last pick as well: it tells people up front, whether they can see my number or not, that they're "better" than I am. People can also see my W/L ratio (I currently lose two for every one I win) and match history, which give them  way  more ammunition at my level of play than just a number.   If your primary reasoning for making sub 1200 ELO "unranked" is to protect people from ragers, then you're doing it wrong in addition to making us feel like shit about ourselves. It would be much better to show ELO and hide information like W/L and match history. Everyone already knows ELO is a number that doesn't necessarily reflect your skill level, but if they can see you went negative in your last three games, or lost your last five games, they're going to tear you a new one.
0	Except that good service can also be found in many non-tip based food service society. If the system was waged only, know who would rise to the top? The good workers because the bad ones would just get fired. Know what makes a good server a good worker? Servers that give good service and bring in customers by enhancing the dining experience.
1	Let's analyze something.   Here's your statement that I replied to: "Trinkets allow for morons to avoid buying wards because they get a free one, I'd love to see trinkets gone"   First I'll note that the word "excuse" is not in your statement. Now if you break down the actually statement you made, whether or not that was your intention, your statement implies that a trinket prevents a person from having to buy wards, in which you go on to say you hope trinkets are removed. Which would than imply that you want trinkets removed because you feel it would promote people buying wards instead of relying on this free little item they can get at the start.   Now if that isn't right, what do you gain from a teammate not having any type of vision? If you argue with what I feel was implied by your statement, that would mean you would prefer a teammate have no vision at all and suffer for it.
0	The difference is, our problems don't really put us in any danger, and if we weren't told, we'd have no idea what was happening because, relatively speaking, our problem is pretty small. Sure, it's against our constitution, and we're not happy about it, but for the most part, it doesn't affect our daily lives a single bit.   To put the NSA situation on par with Egypt's situation is kind of like when the rich kid at your school complains because the convertible top of his corvette is leaking while you're riding your bike in a thunderstorm.
0	I've had 2 calc teachers that you couldn't understand for the life of you (Calc 2 and Calc 3). Both of them were obviously VERY smart, one Indian dude and one Russian. They had that air about them of superiority and impatience for stupid questions, or questions at all. Guess what, I don't need somebody to spend the entire class period throwing the occasions on the board that are in the book, I need someone to spend a few minutes explaining the concept behind the equations, breaking them down in a way I can understand. In the end it was patrickJMT on youtube and Salman Khan from Khan Academy that taught me everything I know about those classes.   Calc 1 though, had this down to earth 30ish dude who uttered very few large words and said things like Guys, this looks complicated, but all you're doing is (explains it in straight forward terms referencing stuff we've already learned to do)." Spent very little time writing down the equations in the book and more time going through actual problems and explaining the significance behind the math and the common sense to make it stick. Yes there were proofs and yes there were complicated parts and this guy obviously couldn't build a rocket, but he could teach you calculus in a way that felt like a casual conversation and you'd understand it.
0	I'm sorry for being so rude to you directly u/main_man_mike, You probably don't deserve it as I'm sure you're a nice fella, but all I had to go on but was but your comment, and it's also a Canadian stereotype to stand up for what you believe in.   Fuck You.   It's people like you that give Toronto, and by association Canada, a bad name.  I am a Torontonian, and I've lived in Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick and BC, and apart from New Brunswick, Toronto has some of the nicest people I've ever met. Yes, we have our Bay St lawyers, our self-important douches, and our rich entitled cunts; but we're the fourth most populous city in the continent with the second highest cost of living in the country, of course we'll get those jerks. Avoid Bay St to start, your day will instantly be better for it.   I find, particularly from people who haven't ever been here, that Canadians love to hate Toronto. "Where are you from?" "Toronto" "oh, sorry for your luck". "Get over yourself".  Come see how nice the majority of us are, how beautiful the southern Ontario countryside is, how much there is to do, and how many of our millions of people say "Hi" to you and smile as you pass.   Just for everyone's sake, and your own appearance,  don't hate on a particular place without founded evidence, it makes you look like a silly bigot.   To everyone else: I'm proud to be Canadian. I'm proud to uphold that absurd stereotype because it makes other people happy and me a better person, and a better member of my community.  It's not about saying "sorry", that's just a symptom, it's about being kind and polite and not being a Cunt. I try to make other people's lives at least a tad better by saying hi to them, sorry if i bump them, hell, I apologize if i slow someone up for a heartbeat, sometimes it strikes up a really nice conversion, it's about being polite and being kind.  If that upholds a stupid stereotype, good, maybe it helps the nation's intentional opinion at the same time.  If not, fine, I'm not an ambassador, but at least that person's day is brighter, and so is mine.
0	On the flip side of the coin... I straight up  hated  my last boss - he was a complete asshole, a greasy douchebag, a patronizing, condescending, womanizing, narcissistic, underhanded, despicable excuse for a human being.  He was arrogant, clueless, manipulative, regularly ignored input and blamed others when it came back to bite him in the ass.  (Seriously, ask me what I  really  thought of him)   But ya know what?  I was always polite and respectful, I did everything I was asked and busted my ass to do a good job, even when he occasionally took credit for my work.  I never tried to undermine or back stab him & tried to be as fair & tactful as I could in the skip-level meetings I had with his bosses about his performance in the last several months.  About the only unprofessional thing I did was go out for beers with other coworkers at lunch or after work to occasionally vent about how awful he was to work for.   When he left (less than a year after being hired, and I suspect just before being fired), he actually made it a point to privately thank me for being so helpful while he was there and said I was one of the best people he'd worked with.  Soooo much guilt... and yet, thank St. Fuck he's gone and I'll never have to deal with him again.
0	I had something similar happen to me..   I was dating this girl who was really shallow and just thought she was the hottest thing.  So for our anniversary she goes and spends like $200 and says she has gotten me the best present ever.   What she did was go hire a makeup artist/photographer to take raunchy pictures of herself then put them in a cheap as hell looking calendar..  So I was like whatever, she was trying, even though it was more of a gift for her (she liked looking at herself).  Besides, she told me these pictures were just for me and no one else was allowed to look at the calendar.   Fast forward 30 FREAKING MINUTES!  She posted all the "other" pictures that didn't make the calendar on Facebook.  Needless to say, these were almost exactly the same pictures, just as raunchy and revealing, now all over Facebook.   And I was the bad guy for getting upset...
0	I moved 1800 miles away from where I grew up at the age of 21 and haven't looked back. A few friends from back then stayed my friends, and I was much more careful about picking new ones. I don't have a lot of them, but they are wonderful, and my life is so much better. Beyond them, I had a lot of self discovery and growing up to do that staying in my comfort zone was not allowing me to do.
0	When my daughter was about three, she started having a hissy fit in the supermarket.   I got right on the floor and threw an Oscar-worthy fake tantrum. After about half a minute of that, she got this horrified look on her face and shut right up. Never happened again.   About a dozen years later I said "Remember that time in the supermarket...?"   She said "I thought you had lost your mind."   "Worked, didn't it?"     Related: when she was about 14 or 15 I sat her down and said, "Listen, what I am about to tell you is important."   "Okay."   "Have you ever threatened anyone?"   "What do you mean?"   "Has someone ever done something, or failed to do something, that bothered you so much that you said, for instance, "Stop doing X or else I will do Z." Or "Do X or else..."   "Well, sure."   "Why?"   "They were doing something I didn't want them to do."   "Okay, but out of all the things you might do, why did you issue a threat?"   "To make them stop."   "So you threaten someone to change their behavior."   "Yes..."   "All right, here's the deal. If you find yourself forced to use a threat in order to change someone's behavior, it can only work if this person believes the threat is both guaranteed and serious. This means you have to think whenever you issue a threat. You must consider, what can I do that will more than eliminate whatever value the other person gets from bothering you. And you need to be able to do it right away, not at some hazy future time. And you have to be fully willing to do it. Only use a threat that meets all these conditions. Never make empty threats. All those do is hurt your credibility. Got it?"   "I think so."   Three months go by. My daughter says to me, "A few weeks ago, someone at school was giving me all kinds of shit, and I decided to test what you told me about threats. So I made a threat, and when they didn't take me seriously I went ahead and did it to the letter. Within days, I had a reputation all over the school as someone you didn't dare fuck with."   Epilogue: about eight years later my daughter had a tiff with a younger girl at a club and threatened to get her banned. Other girl laughed it off until her friends all freaked out and said she had to find my daughter and apologize. (Daughter let her off the hook). Oh, how we laughed.
0	My girlfriend is like this too. I started feeling bad when I would finish and she wouldn't. So I started making sure I got her off at least once before the proper fucking began.   It was like night and day difference. If I finger her to orgasm before we start fucking, on occasion she has cum like 2 or 3 more times during the sex. But if we just start fucking right away, the same technique, the same stuff, it takes her FOREVER.
0	I just don't even know where to start with this ...   IMO:   The dude is a mess. Stop banging him until he gets his shit straight.   FWB do not buy each other dinner. They do not do anything coupley or romantic ... It's friends ... with benefits. Not Friends with "I'm not sure I'm ready to date you so I'll bang you while I figure it out" ... Or "I'm working through personal issues and you're throwing your pussy at me so I'll sporadically take it on random nights."
1	Hi lyte, I'm very excited about team builder coming to NA and I will definitely be one to try it. I just wrote a post where one of my points highlights the importance of role familiarity in correlation with one's ability to play at a high level there. I wanted to suggest a way to adapt team builder to ranked to make for a much better overall gameplay experience in terms of more competitive play. It seems the biggest problem with team builder in ranked is certain champions could be banned.   I don't think specific champion needs to be included in a team builder type of queue for competitive play. As gimmicky strategies with high risk that most likely require all players to be on the same page, will most likely be tested in normal games or more casual games. Even without specific champion declarations, I think team builder could still make a big impact on the ranked experience. Why?   I think the biggest problem in terms of building a team in ranked is having people fight over roles. Most people aren't hell bent on playing karma jungle, but rather they are familiar with a certain role and the matchups in that lane. This leads to people fighting for the role they are most familiar with.   The underlying reason people fight so heavily for roles in normals is because they want to practice. However, in ranked, they fight for roles because they want to win, so they want the role they are best at to give their team the best chance at winning. The fighting ensues because they feel if they give up their best role, and they have to play a role they aren't as good at, and the player they let play their main role doesn't do well anyways, now two people have done poorly.   This root problem of fighting for roles and causing rifts between teammates during Championselect could be solved through a team builder without champion specification. If I were to queue up as support because I am best at support, then I will get to play my best role. It's never a fun experience when three players all call "best top" and proceed to lolking each other trashing each other's kdas or match histories. I personally am god awful at top, and if I were to be placed on a team where someone else wanted to support and only top was left, I would probably fight with them for support.   Additional note: the reason champion/champion type is not needed, is because the main strength and weakness of a good player in any role, is familiarity with matchups and the role. E.g. Junglers who are good at smiting/timing buffs and counter ganking. Adc who are good at last hitting and harassing. Top who is good at wave control and map awareness. Mid who is good at roaming and pushing. Support who is good at vision control. It doesn't matter if I'm an assassin top or tank top. If I'm not good at wave control and being aware of when the jungler might gank top, I'm going to not do well, maybe feed, and incur the wrath of my teammates leading to a horrible experience for everyone.
1	Yeah people seem to go ape-shit for useless validation from complete strangers. I personally can't stand the stupid posts that magically work their way to the front page of this Reddit. I die a little inside every time I see a "Not draven, DRaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaven" or "Confirmed on Saint's steam". This Reddit used to be a place to go for excellent insight on current events in the League of Legends community, and it provides excellent new ideas for skins and balance, but when the front page is filled with "Roit Pls" "Champ needs rework" it just gets insanely frustrating. Aside from the rare skin suggestion and/or post from regular Redditors like the pro players and constant content submitters like Leaguepedia, SOTL, Dig, ect, it's turned into a giant Karma whore-fest. Personally I'd love to see more theory-crafting and a real sense of community improvement instead of the giant circle-jerk of recycled nonsense that this Sub-Reddit has turned into.
1	You clearly never read his lore before.  he was a summoner in training and got blind after setting himself on fire to buy ionia some time in the ionia vs noxus match.  so it should be quite easily for a guy who jumps around with sonic waves kicking ppl into other ones and fucking them up pretty badly to shave his own beard.
1	It is a different game, but that might not be a bad thing. My experience with first time league games is that a lot of players bring heal, exhaust, ghost or whatever and then never use either summoner the entire game. Many people can't even consistently do their spell rotations in a fight and might die without ulting. Seeing as this is the case, I'm OK with flash ignite not being available immediately, as those will probably only be used by smurfs anyway. Heal and ghost are like the easier versions of ignite and flash.
1	For the stretch goals, it's not like Valve expected the community to utterly demolish their expectations on how quickly the tournament prize pool would rise.  [   The second batch of stretch goals had nice bonuses, but overall it really was just adjusting their prioritization. I don't think anyone was actually excited for the goals past #14. And no one was forced to buy more compendium points. Though still you can see that the slope for the pool had steady growth. The compendium isn't about funding Dota 2. It's about funding the tournament prize pool and supporting the community. The second set of stretch goals were just there for contingency. We already got what we wanted, everything else is just icing on the cake.
0	Just because a horrible accident like this happens, doesn't mean that either driver did it on PURPOSE. That's why they're called "accidents". This is a horrible thing to have happen, but it's not like this driver said to himself: "I think I'm going to hit that bus because I'm an asshole".   By the way, the driver's name was Tim Evans, and he had a clean driving record. At the point that I am writing this, there is NOTHING to indicate that it was a deliberate act. Which means that at the time this meme was posted there was nothing to support your claim.
0	Well here in Sweden, and most arts of Europe afaik, a lot of people think that all muslims are terrorists and shit, of course it isn't true, but that's the defining loud minority, and it pairs well with the rather unpleasant racist atmosphere in Europe at the moment.   Also, a lot of people are very aggressive towards feminists because of the radicals.   There is one problem here though, the people that are usually sending out messages about one group (defined by a vocal minority) being bad are also the vocal minority most of the time.   There is a reason I immediately assume someone is a big fucking idiot if I hear he's voting for the Nationalist Party, when truth is, there are a lot of misinformed and/or dissatisfied people who believe a vote for that party is the only way to change, but they are defined by the neo-nazis that continue the say and do unbelievable stuff every day. Today, a local group from SvP (one of the worse politically involved nationalist groups in Sweden) put up a big sign in front of a newly established refugee camp, that was saying, in Arabic, "Go home, you're not welcome here".   It doesn't sound like much, but they are capable of more, and it was likely just a warning. If I was a refugee, I have no idea how I'd react. Representatives from SvP has also said that they want to DNA test every single person living in the country, so that anyone who isn't an ethnic Swede (whatever the hell that means) can be sent home.   That was more than slightly off topic, but it prooves that these people, a loud minority of extremists, have defined a larger group for me.   My conclusion is, as well as my
1	Mained Karma for a year. I don't even understand how people can say other supports do everything better than her. No, her heal is not  weak , it's AoE and relies on %HP missing. No CC? Eh, soft 40% MS CC that you can apply to everyone on the enemy team and a speed increase on your allies will do just fine. The shield's great as well. Who cares if you don't have a game-ending ult when you can stack CDR and win the game, team fight at a time?   I always see people decrying her early game, because "she's so weak and useless and has no burst and no sustain and nothing god I'm going to play Taric now." She's the Vayne of supports. Your early game WILL LIKELY be lack-luster, because you don't gain a full combo set that's set up to win a fight with a simple QWER. You poke, heal the adc, speed the jungle for ganks, push, shield and save lives. Karma is completely decision based; I've died waiting for the 0.2s on a mantra stack to come off to finish an adc, with my shield ready to roll. Why? Because Karma's decision based, and I made a poor decision. Other champs, you may make approximately three decisions in a team fight. Karma; you will be thinking every single millisecond.   I'm also kinda upset people are buying Karma just for the skin, IMO, past Karma players deserve to be recognized for their steadfast devotion, not just everyone who wants a free skin and can say that they "totally always played her."
1	I have played a shitton of Jax, and he is by far my favorite characters in league, and one of the reasons I enjoy the game so much. With that said, I would like to discuss an alternative AP based Jax build involving stuff like lichbane, rylais, gunblade and dcap. I've played him that way a couple of times against AP heavy teames, and while it's not quite as viable in most situations; Holy shit is it ever fun. Turns him into a burst champ that can blow someones HP bar to null every three or four seconds when spells come off cd. Downsides are not getting as tanky as the AD/ Hybrid builds, but you can't have everything now can you?
1	I wouldn't say that. If he doesn't pick up the MR from Maw, he'll 100% lose every fight with LeBlanc. If he rushes Bork, he's getting all that useless Attack Speed from the Bork, and missing out on the Pickaxe, plus the damage multiplier on Maw. Imo, picking up the Maw before Bork was safer for him, especially when he knows that he can't blow anyone up.
0	Reading thread, quietly smiling and agreeing, upvoting along the way, hearing GnR 'Sweet Child of Mine' clearly in my head (the room is silent, house is sleeping except me, scrolling reddit) when I read your comment. Stopped dead, and pictured the download file perfectly as you described. My heart raced. I could see the reality of it, the profits, the joyful fans at home (new wallpaper of licensed art, video music video uploading to phone, cd playing over speakers, and lyrics on the computer screen, with band commentary and little licensed Easter eggs). ..and then, rage...FUCK OFF MUSIC INDUSTRY! YOU SUCK DIRTY BALL SACK!  ...anyhoo, genius idea...
1	Travis. I have to admit I have never taken you seriously until I just watched your Lemonnation and Sneaky interview. You impressed me in three ways.   First, you addressed a couple important issues with the players without explaining every feature of the situation. When you talked about Hai's hospitalization and Link's substitution, you knew with certainty that your viewers were just as up-to-date about the issue as you and there players were. It represents to me the sensitivity you have for your audience and the respect that you have for all of our present knowledge.   Second, you pressed the issue over and over with Lemon about what specific problems C9 was having with Link in the shotcalling role in-game. Lemon defected twice but in the end you got an answer out of him. I would recommend you watch Frost's interview with Nixon one day.   Third, I laughed. I actually laughed out loud and very few insightful, honest interviews can actually do this to me.
1	It currently includes 375,000 Summoners who have participated in ranked. While that is not everyone, it should give a pretty good indicator.   Don't underestimate the number of players hovering around that Elo. Currently in my database, there are 209,758 players below Mimiko's Elo, but are above 1200 Elo. There are another 80,000 players below 1200 Elo. Only 84,000 Summoners are above Mimiko in Elo.
1	You can win with any supports.  I have a friend in plat who plays support fairly often, and wins a decent portion of his games.  He occasionally runs random champions in support and still wins just as often as he normally would.  This past week, he's won five out of six games as supprt Tristana, which is definitely not the current meta.
1	the cooldown of here shield is fucking stupid especially because of the amount of the shield and not to mention you can use it to dash so its not just a shield its also movement.   for those of you who dont know here shield is a 6 second CD at level 5 and with 40% CDR thats around a 3.5 second CD with a 210 base shield with 100% bonus AD scaling.. YES... 100%   and not to mention her ridiculous level 6 all in and she also has an execute....   i think you should be happy they are not nerfing her as i played her quite alot in season 3 and i was bronze 4 and i went to silver 1 - gold 5 by spamming her with an average kda of 10/2/8.   you say that if renekton chunks her then she is fuked but the point is that all champs should have a counter and champs with good damage early (renekton,darius) counter her but vs laners with not insane early damage (jax,yasuo) she fucking shits on them. and plus if you make it ti mid-late game as riven u can easily poop on renekton.
1	If you have a full premade team the most fun junglers are in my opinion Nautilus and Maokai, just because the amount of CC combined with coordination from a premade team is really fun to play.   In Solo Q the best junglers are the ones who say that they will attack now and can carry lategame: for example Nocturne, Udyr (and Shaco). Lee Sin is also an option but he is pretty hard to learn.
0	The whole situation was just surreal. I was on my way home from work and got stuck in the snow without a shovel or cat litter (like an idiot) and was trying my best to get unstuck using my hands. About 5 min in, up comes this guy in a brand new truck with four wheel drive. He stops, sticks his head out of the window, and says "You got 50 bucks? I was surprised and a little confused so I didn't say anything at first. This old stranger, missing a few teeth, was asking me for money. He then clarifies, "If you got 50 dollars, I'll pull you out." At this point I was pretty sure there was no way I was getting out on my own, but I don't carry cash. I tell him so, to which he responds "too bad," and drives off. I'm feeling really dumb for driving anyway and start trying to use some trash to put under my tires, maybe get some traction that way, and up drives this old Ford pickup. Out hops a little Mexican guy, and without saying a word, he sets to work digging my car out of the bank I was in. I try helping and saying thank you. He gives me this look of "I understand half of what you're saying," and then proceeds to help me for the next 30 minutes as we get it unstuck and out of the road. I then try to give him a Walmart gift-card I had in my wallet (25 dollars, not much, but it was all I had at the time) and he shakes his head and takes off.
1	I think Silver is where you start seeing smart players who just dont have the mechanical skill" this is just flat out wrong. I'm a silver 2 player that has mechanics that let me outplay and win lane/game against players in plat.(Only played against a few diamond players but never finished lane/game due to random shit. The reason I'm still silver is because the decisions i sometimes make are stupid. However all my friends are plat+ and actually want to duo with me because I'm on of the few people that can hold bot lane quite well. Players in every league and division are stupid there is only a handfull of people that can even be considered of having a functioning brain. I've seen it everywhere plat players doing dumbershit than bronzies.
1	One small thing: dorans blades are better now early game due to them giving +5 hp per attack/hit instead of +3% lifesteal. But thats the bad thing also. +5hp per hit per dorans is better early game but falls of way faster now. Lifesteal, speak: percentage heal, scales way better the later the game goes. So 2 would reduce the cost effectiveness of your build from midgame on very hard.
1	You're gonna have to use the block option when people start flaming or raging (they're going to be forced to cooperate with you anyway, especially since they want to win).  Flaming happens in a lot of Online PvP games and not just the MOBA genre. Most of the time, the ugly side of humankind shows up on the internet, you should know that by now.   Learn the game for yourself. Only purchase champions you've tried during free rotations and have enjoyed playing. Try all of them! If there's a champion you like, learn the hell out of him/her/it until you can handle any match-up. Do research. By the time you have a few hundred games under your belt, you'll have enough runes to last you and a champion pool that you're satisfied with. As for runes... well, when I started out, I stuck to Tier 1 runes until level 30.
1	Or you could go to the HoN/DoTA/DOTA2 subreddit and leave this one and the high horse you love to ride here behind.   Back to the argument, stealth in HoN/DoTA while similar to League is fairly different mainly I believe due to the size of the map which doesn't really allow for the aggressive wandering that stealth is known for in League. Due to the size of the map people can go missing for large periods of time and basically you have to play carefully all the time.   Then there is the fact that Hon/DoTA have Dust of Appearance which also is fairly moderately priced at minimum allows you to chase the stealth hero and at most kill them before they do their thing.   As for why stealth heroes in HoN/DoTA are used in high play is that they for the most part are hard carries that have some pretty hard scaling with items and have great abilities that help them do their thing and the stealth part is actually not that major in comparison to the other skills save Night Hound/Stealth Assassin. This classification also allows for people to play correctly against them because their need for farm generally makes them stay in lane or eating jungle creeps until they get a few key items.   Lastly Leeharris can keep your e-penis waving out of this, because you are starting to look a lot like the stereotypical tournament player constantly shouting out achievements and stats when they are not really needed.
1	LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of any league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
1	i just introduced a friend to league of legends. the amount of fun im having while teaching someone the basics of league (what's cs? what's a tank? that sort of stuff). League instantly become more fun for me, because with the basic knowledge i have, i can teach this kid how to play the game.
1	I went straight into ranked the same day I hit 30, was a very bad idea but It helped me alot, I felt like I was learning the game alot faster than playing normals so I managed to get from Unranked to Plat in my first season (this season). I do recommend playing a shitton of normals though and advancing your champion pool to about 3 champions per role.   Another thing I done was just play broken champions, that were OP in the current meta, it's scumbaggy and people will say "Nice one just playing FOTM champs" but who cares at the end of the day, you gain LP & you have fun.
0	Yes it would save power, but you can use the same motor that's driving the car.   If you put current into the motor it will spin.  However, if the motor is spinning then it will put out current.   So when you let up off the accelerator on an electric car you're no longer feeding the motor current, but the motor is still spinning.  At this point the motor will output current that you can recollect.   The car slows down because that energy has to come from somewhere.  The kinetic energy in the motor get converted into electrical energy.   Electric machines are simply energy conversion devices.  If you convert electrical energy to kinetic energy the device is called a motor.  If you convert kinetic energy to electrical energy the same device is called a generator.
1	This post will be removed in no time but I'll have to say what I got to say. Firstly, thanks you /u/3-22018t1c [1] and /u/GnarsiesBRINGER OF JUSTICE [2] for having the guts to finally prove what is really happening. Please read this. I am the one that made the Level 1 & 3 Solo Dragons with EVERY champions videos and I exactly know how Youtube works. I won't start with the current case of controversy, but with another case instead, that was at the top of /r/leagueoflegends[3] frontpage. I'm talking about this LoL Epic channel and their account /u/forevabronze1 [4] . Nobody ever saw that this account always had his links at the top of the subreddit, never posted any comments or anything. How is that possible? They use proxy votes and manipulation to easily get to frontpage without any problem. Then, LoL Epic used the tons of views that reddit frontpage gives to get money. Then came the day when /u/forevabronze1 [5] got banned and LoL Epic stopped manipulating the community. This was not a problem, but is still a circle jerk manipulation. After reading vvvortic post[6] and watching Gnarsies videos [7] I got at the same time happy and shocked because finally someone understands, and because it went too far. How is that even possible?? I boycotted these guys for being money whores, but now I heard they were doing more than that. Just. I don't understand why these LoL Youtubers were trusted for a so long time. I always knew they were doing vids ONLY for money. Why do you think Kshaway uploaded a lot lately? April high incomes. Why do you think they all promote WTFast? Who gives a shit about this scam anyways, they're getting money from naive guys. Their content hasn't even evolved since their success started. Don't forget these kiandymundi and Brofesco shit commenting everywhere to get subs. And now, got enough power in Youtube to take down a video? Where is this going. A short resume of the situation. I don't know how you can make fun of your audience that way. Why others ytbers are trying their best to entertain their audience without fake sponsors when you are doing a group to mock your fans and share ways to get money? You're just insulting everybody and thinking you're good persons when you're not. WTFast case resume: There's nothing inherently wrong with doing something when the only intention is to make money. It's when you get to the part where you don't care about your fans and promote things that are obviously scams that you start being a douchebag. I never had anything against sponsors as long as you know what you're doing and approved it, to share what you like with your audience. But when you're promoting a random affiliate scam without testing or approving it, just for hundreds of bucks over the naivety of your fans, then you start to be a money whore who is just shitting on his audience and running with the money, anyways who gives a shit, you live from this flock of sheep anyways. So, even thought you still have enough audience, the Gnarsies and vvvortic exposures will give you a lot of boycott. This was a fast analysis of this current situation, clunky but I think you understand this. EDIT Calbel response to vvvortic post: Calbel is unaware of the tensions between Vvvortic and Uber Danger and Kiandy. So far we only have speculation on Uber due to some comment he made about Vvvortic in various videos, and Vvvortic cry out to Kiandy to unblock him. Calbel states Vvvortic left the group and blocked everyone. Calbel states he is unsure if a group of content creators group banned him, but he does confirm some youtubers find Vvvortic's comment annoying. (and I find these people lack of humor) Calbel states WTFast works but only for minority, therefore it is not a scam, but he is aware why many people are calling it, consider it false advertising (since it only work for minority) Calbel states upvote manipulation is necessary these days because everyone does it, which is pretty true...
1	It definitively is an opinion, which is exactly my point. You make a RITO PLZ style post regarding something that YOU don't like, but it is not like there is something broken about the game or a bug or nothing, it is something that YOU don't like and when we talk about aesthetics, some people like it and some people don't, it is impossible to make everyone happy.
0	I don't know... A police officer's job is more than canvassing for witnesses. A key part of their job in my opinion is response time.   I grew up in an Midwestern inner-city neighborhood. For contrast I live in a middle class neighborhood in California. It makes no sense how fast the police come when called in my current neighborhood. Within literal minutes (usually less than 5). When I lived in the rough inner-city neighborhood? Don't hold your breath. A half-hour was average. For additional contrast the police keep a steady presence in my current neighborhood. Back in the inner-city it was a rare site to see a cop car patrolling in a residential area.   I don't know the outside circumstances but the only conclusion I can draw is that the service given to low income areas is sub-par to that of higher income. These are my observations and conclusions.   Quick response times can be the difference between catching and losing a criminal. The need for canvassing wouldn't be so prevalent if the cops had gotten there sooner. The crime may not have taken place if there was a stronger police presence to begin with.  Just my opinion having lived on both sides of the fence.
1	riot has done an amazing job listening to the community. Obviously they can't input every idea as it may inflict with other problems most people overlook and also they have way and goals set for themselves as a company.   Riot is one of the best companies out there in terms of support. I don't see this kind of support from other companies other than valve. Look at blizzard for example, they ignore alot of the issues with the game and thats why some people have switched.   Also another big company is activision. Call of duty one of the biggest games out there and yet, the company doesn't listen to the community much(getting better) there are many unbalanced things in the game that isn't fixed for a long time.   When you look at an idea on reddit. You only read about the positive things that it can change, but often times there are many negative factors to it which many people don't think about.
0	Just want to say, eHarmony is shit. Women within 5 years of my age (21) and in my entire state and surrounding area (Wisconsin) simply do not give fucks (figuratively, of course). I received maybe 3 responses ever when sending messages, and only 1 woman initiated conversation EDIT: in a year. Source: my parents paid for an account for my birthday.
1	Riots answer to our well deserved request for compensation.     EUW: Riot compensate PLS!     Riot:    EUW: Oh.. ok.   Riot: Now lets get our sh*ts together and get NA some free goods!
0	i have pulled my weapon on someone twice, and both times it took a lot of convincing to get them to back down. Even after they are looking down the barrel of a loaded gun, never doubt how far someone is willing to test you.
0	I think, whether you have friends or not, that some people get their energy from being around people and some get their energy from a bit of alone time. I know in myself that if I go a long period of time without a day to myself I start to get short tempered and a bit snappy. I very much look forward to the day when I realise that I have a day coming up where I have no plans.   My friend (who is of the same mindset) put it nicely, when you start days to yourself you remember that "humans are herd animals" and then you do get bored. I'm not sure what the solution is but I  just think it depends on your mindset not your number of friends.
1	But the parallels he's drawing aren't similar, at least I thought.  Gargoyal is saying that the victim should not be blamed for placing themselves in a situation where they may be wronged. The behavior of the wrongdoer shouldn't be tolerated, and they should refrain from placing themselves in the situation.   CanadianSpy is saying the victim is at fault for placing themselves in a situation where they may or may not be wronged and making it seem as though the act of wronging is both commonplace and accepted by the community.  He is also saying the victim should be the one to avoid the situation instead of the wrongdoer.
0	Because they protect people that don't deserve to be protected. You could be the shittiest worker and cost a company a ton of money because they can't fire you. Depending on the job you are generally forced to join the union, which includes union dues which is your money.   Workers may go on strike to force raises or better benefits. Sounds great if you're a worker, but could potentially destroy a company. You maybe being a bottom of the barrel employee think that's great, but the people who worked hard to build this company from the ground up to make it where you even have a job at all get fucked over. Not every "suit" is a piece of shit looking to screw you over.   Unions use your dues money to pay union bosses big bonuses and fund political agendas you may or may not agree with. They're doing that with your money.
0	Okay so this is a bit of a long story, so I'm going to try and do the entire thing as quickly as possible.   My roommate (I'm going to call them by numbers ) 1 gets a job and meets her as she is his bosses daughter. She gets 1's number off her dad and texts him. They start hanging out, blah blah blah, relationship for 8 months. He's not really that into her anymore, they break up. He took her virginity during the relationship.   Fast forward, 1 and I get a new place with three new roommates. She has a party and invites us. 1, 2, 3 and myself go, but 4 doesn't for whatever reason. She's hitting on 2 all night, sitting in his lap, arms around him, just being a total flirt and hanging off of him. She offers for him to stay in her bed that night. They have sex.   Later on, she tells me that 2 raped her. To spare the details of this, I don't believe her, but it took me a while to try to rationalize everything.   Fast forward another month, it's Halloween, she invites 1, 3 and I to a Halloween party. 3 is in the application process and is about to be hired at the same place as 1, so his boss will soon be her dad. She hits on 3 and hangs off of him all night the same way she did with 2, and then goes back to our place with him. They have sex. I know because I went to the kitchen to get water and heard that shit. Blegh.   3 tells her he doesn't want to keep a relationship going because he doesn't feel comfortable dating his bosses daughter. She takes it as "I slept with you so I could get a good word in with your dad from you". She now hates all my roommates, and has slept with all of them, and I say slept with because, despite her rape claim, less than a month later she used the same behaviour to seduce another roommate of mine and apparently was not at all traumatized by the "rape" which sound uncharacteristic.   Now, about a year later, I'm still friends with her. I meet her new roommate while I'm in a relationship, but after the relationship I start seeing her roommate at the bar more often. We start hanging out, I've spent the night there a few times but due to me being sober, and her drunk, I didn't feel like making a move. I'm also the type of person who likes to take things slow, to further explain my behaviour. Regardless, she is still really flirty and is texting/snapchatting me etc. So I text her while at work one night to see if she wants to go on a date. She tells her roommate I asked her before she replied and gets in the shower. With no response from the roommate, my "friend" starts bitching me out for asking out her roommate over text.   I decided to just say fuck it with the whole situation, so when the roommate said she'd love to go on the date, I cancelled it.
1	I think your friends are an absolute minority from /r/starcraft. I've been following starcraft since 2+years and I can tell you that most of them would sell their sisters to a sex dealer if it could make deezer's life miserable.   Players are role models and mostly in SC2 if any of them missbehave, they will get punished by their team strongly.  Hell, saying gl hf at the start of a proleague match is enough for you to get kicked out of the tournament.
0	HAVE ALL MY UPVOTES!!!! Seriously this is the one thing that pisses me off. Migraines, while they do vary in degree and intensity for everyone, are awful. You can't move, speak, chew. Sometimes it hurts to breathe.   I have chronic daily migraines. There are times in my day I want to go into a dark, cool, soundproof box for hours and just lay down. Ok that sounds weird now but seriously. Laying down hurts. Sitting hurts. I can't support my head. My teeth can hurt. Sometimes, my hair follicles hurt.   After going through 4 doctors, I am finally at a clinic that has shown some progress in finding some relief for me.   I am undergoing intense treatment with about 4 different doctors (neurologist, neurosurgeon, nurse practitioner that specializes in migraines, and infusion therapist on top of my occupational therapist and psychologist all in one practice) to figure out the problem and hopefully find relief. I have had multiple hospitalizations, MRI's, infusions, experimental therapies, chiropractic care, occupational therapy (it is actually helping a lot), and because of all of this results in depression, psychologists. I am having another surgery Monday, and it will be my third. I have to be hooked up to a TENS unit as many hours a day as possible...which isn't always feasible with a toddler. I have it on right now.   I do not wish my migraines upon anyone in this world. It is debilitating, frustrating, isolating, depressing, and just plain awful.  You can't make plans to be with friends, because you don't know when they will hit. You become isolated, and angry. The things you used to enjoy can now be triggers for being a prisoner in your own body. No more concerts, roller coasters, or red wine. Soon everyone just stops inviting you places. You just start seeing the cool pictures on Facebook of the group of friends you once knew who are out living life to the fullest, something you would give anything to do.   It's ok to say you have a bad headache. Do you say you are having an asthma attack every time you run out of breath? Me either, but I can't even go outside to run because the light causes shooting pains, and the physical exertion makes me go numb.   I know I sound super angry, but I am optimistic about my treatment. I have a loving husband (who comes with his own chronic pain challenges) and an amazingly adorable, intelligent daughter who deserves so much more than I can give her. Luckily, she has some amazing grandparents who take over when we can't do it anymore. I have had to come to terms with the fact that I shouldn't have any more kids. The medication that it takes for me to function is not safe for pregnancy, and it's not fair to my family that is here just to have another baby. Plus, I don't know what another child would do to my condition. A child doesn't deserve that, and I have enough energy to focus on one so that is all I can do. Maybe one day we can adopt; it is something I have always wanted to do.   Obviously, this is a really extreme case.  But I have to think about migraines every hour of the day: how to get rid of it, how to keep it away, how to manage a tolerable pain level, or how to just get through a day of events that must be done when I have a really bad migraine. My life revolves around the pain scale.
0	I posted this last year in /r/pettyrevenge   I don't even have to set the scene, do I? Yuletide rush 3 days before Christmas at any supermarket. Chaos, panic and disorder.   I'm the best self service attendant ever. I know how to help in every situation and rush people through double quick. There is a limit of 10 items or less.   There are customers queuing halfway down the aisles. All 28 registers are open, it's a massive store. Customer runs up and down and approaches me and my 8 tills "The queues are ridiculous! Let me through here!" ... With 200 trolley stacked high.   Usually I would nope him the fuck out, but instead I cheerily asked: "Oh, are you proficient with the system, how it uses the barcode to weigh each item and how to bag correctly to avoid error messages? How to remove a bag and continue to shop?"   Impatient Customer (IC): No, I've never been through here before.  Me: In that case, it will be quicker for you to join a queue at a register  IC: (Not having it, clearly the wrong answer) How difficult can it be? Let me through, this is ridiculous.  Fine. I tell them every time a barcode is scanned, the weighing area will not scan the next item until this item is placed in the bagging area.   Enter IC's wife. IC scans an item, hands it to wife, who holds the item in her hand, looking at the screen. Screen is prompting for item to be placed in bagging area. IC is now trying to scan the next item, to no avail. They both stand and stare at the screen. I see what's clearly happening and ignore them.  IC: Excuse me! This till isn't working!  I come over and repeat my instructions, taking the item out of IC Wife's hands (who jumps as if my touch is pure fire) and place the item in the bag.  Me: OK now go ahead, see it scans? The machine is waiting to register the weight before proceeding.  I move away, assisting others, taking off tags, checking for ID, replacing bags etc. All the while I can see Wife is holding more stuff, and not bagging it. IC is now sweating and getting frustrated. They've been there 10 minutes now and are on their 3rd item.   I wait until they call again (am I fuck going to approach them) and for the 3rd time repeat myself, yet again remove the items from Wife's hands and place in the bag.   IC: OK, got it now. They painfully fill up the small bagging area - remember they have a huge overflowing cart - and commit Cardinal Crime Number 2.   Wife removes a bag in mid scan.  All hell breaks loose.   I am lolling to myself so hard I am wearing lollerblades. I ignore them.   IC: EXCUSE ME! NOW WHAT HAVE I DONE?!   Me: You can safely remove a bag once the item has registered it's weight. When you scan and remove a bag the machine assumes you are stealing things because of the weight difference. This goes on for 30 minutes, easy. I ignore them whilst they bicker, fall out, argue and tell each other off for scanning too fast/not bagging quickly enough/removing more bags etc   IC: Next time, I'm going to a manned register!   Me: Yes, yes, I think you should.
0	I've given this alot of thought. My conclusion is that woman are alot like cats while men are more like dogs.  If you call to a cat, it will sit there out of reach, where you can see it, basking in the attention but never returning the affection. If however you begin to show affection to another cat, then the first cat will sprint over and suddenly act cute and lovable. A single woman similarly will bask in the attention of a potential suitor but will see no reason to reciprocate until that attention is focused on someone else. Then she feels deprived and has a need to win your approval.   Men and dogs on the other hand are quite different. If you try to call to one dog, announce that you might be willing to show affection, possibly, to one dog, every K9 within earshot will run to you with its tongue hanging out. You are suddenly so overwhelmed by dogs that you become jaded, cold, unfeeling. You become a cat.
0	Honestly, i have a case that is even more bullshit. There is a girl at my high school who moved from france after living there for 2 years. She left in 1st grade and came back in 4th. She has no accent and she speaks english perfectly. Yet all she talk about is how much she hates  the country and how we are all stupid. And she wonders why no one hangs out with her. If you ask her she says that we are not cultured enough to be friends with her.
1	I main thresh to plat. Havent played him recently. What you wrote down is interesting and mostly correct. But i think you are missing one important factor; every game isnt the same. For example, i will take spellthiefs in some occasions when playing against a morgana to take down her shield quicker (EXTREMELY SITUATIONAL). Also try getting into the habit of chainging your masteries every game to suit different aims and objectives of you teamcomp and the enemies. E.G would you prefer to run CDR thresh with 5% CD runes and mast or would you prefer to run tank thresh..?
0	I work for a different cable company (Large, but not Comcast or Time Warner) as a Broadband Technician. There are hundreds of ways internet service can go out. Most times it happens when a cable somewhere is cut. Either from the street to your house if just your house is out, or a fiber line to your node in the case of a whole area outage. About 90% of my trouble calls for internet issues are fixed inside the customer's home. Cheap cable/connectors/splitters can wreak havoc on a stable internet connection as they usually are not properly shielded from noise and interference. Sometimes there are simply too many splitters or we're trying to use old RG 59 lines for internet. Also, in aerial areas, squirrels are little bastards and will chew on cables for like, no reason.   I'm not as familiar with area outages as I am not a system tech. The issues Ive seen are usually a problem with a node or a power supply.   Other times power supplying an amplifier can go out, in which case we have to get the power company to get the power there back on. Our system techs are on call in case of area outages, the can usually fix minor outages in under an hour, major outages can take longer.
1	I normally ban alistar, shen, and one of the "op" champs since I know 99% of the time, the enemy captain will ban the rest for me.   But that morale boost is so true! People can't lane vs nidalee in my elo and so any time I'm not vs rumble, I just hate laning vs him until I'm 6, my confidence is super high and I rarely do not carry the game. Also showing confidence is contagious, not every time of course as some people will never be convinced that there is a chance of winning once they start bitching before picks are even made, but most of the time my confidence with carry over to the rest of my teammates and we'll faceroll.   I've given first blood many times and been like, don't worry guys, I have wards now, I will now get a double the next time the jungler even thinks about coming to my lane. And my teammates will not harass me, will support me, and I'll back it up.   One game I played today I gave up first blood, our jungler wouldn't stop screaming in all chat that it's gg. I politely says, don't worry, I will not die in lane anymore, I will win us the game, I promise. He shut up. The enemy jungler then came top with the mid, our mid didn't call mia but I had good enough map awareness to know what was happening, and they tried tower diving me at half health with their top.   I got the triple but had to burn flash in order to juke them so I wouldn't die, and immediately after our jungler apologized and I ended up only dying that first time for first blood the entire game.
0	Created an account to comment on this. 25+years of family and personal experience in textbooks.   E-books are the publishers way of trying to cut second hand (used bookstores,) back out of the market. They would prefer all books are sold new and that a new edition is made every single semester. The other dirty secret about the publishers is they are in the pockets of a lot of college professors. To get published professors will make a deal with publishers to create a "new" edition every X amount of years. Lately some professors have woken up and realized that they are screwing their students by doing this. The university I worked at (name withheld obviously,) I was seeing an opposite trend where more and more professors were making deals with publishers.   Back on topic though, E-books are often even more nefarious than you could imagine as they are often limited license and you won't even be able to access the book after the semester, and you can often can only print once. We even dealt with one company that would not only let you only print once but also once you printed that section you could no longer access it on the computer. There is often also strict DRM with E-books making it hard for you to decide between activating the license on a desktop, laptop or tablet.   The best way to fight things like this is simply by not giving into the publishers. Buy old editions even if your professor tells you to get a new one. A lot of professors keep their old outlines with proper page numbers. The other is sell your books back, whether it be online or in the store the more used books in circulation the better for the entire book economy. Urge your professors and universities to not update editions frivolously and simply print small supplements for small changes and only new editions when the field changes. (such as a new physics book after the Higgs-Boson was discovered, that makes sense to print a whole new edition.)
0	The big thing to remember is that the winning/losing isn't about hurt feelings or showing off; at least in the sense of flirting it is much more complex than that.  It sends a subliminal message about your personality and priorities as they relate to her.  If you are comfortably dating or just friends, that's different.  But I assume here that you are curious about more novel and potentially romantic situations.   Whether or not you should give it your all depends on the person, it's just something you are going to have to learn to read.  Some girls hate a guy who lets them win as they see it as disingenuous, others see it as a positive aspect of his personality.  If you don't know her that well then I would suggest the latter as even the first type of girl will recognize that it is kind of the social norm in those situations.  But if you already know the girl pretty well then you are the best judge.   In the more "traditional" cases, it's good to lose in what I can only describe as a joking manner.  You kind of act disappointed but it is clearly an act (being disappointed) and she knows it.  This opens the door for some flirtatious trash-talking.  It also demonstrates that you are more interested in her than the game.  Generally try to lose by a close margin as this maximizes the flirtatious chatter, which is a good fallback if the conversation starts to get stale.  Flirty lines like, "well if you hadn't distracted me with that smile maybe I would have made that last goal," will usually elicit a positive response (cheesy, but go for it.  It makes you seem funny and daring and the subtle compliment will get her thinking in the right direction).   I guess a cynical person could see it as you just playing a game with her head, baiting her into your romantic trap.  Personally, I just think that kind of flirting is fun.  It shows that you can make light of the trivial things and put the spotlight on her.  Just make sure not to lay it on too thick.  Charmers aren't the ones who seem cocksure and aggressive, they're the ones who seem confident and comfortable in their own skin, willing to just let their personality show without having to prove anything.   Source:  years of sticking my foot in my mouth and getting it wrong long before I got it right.
0	I think you  might  just be taking my comment about Captain Canada and Captain America, partners in justice (and love) way too seriously. Not far off with the American superpowers though. Captain America throws shields, not burgers, but he's definitely a gun guy because army. Are you seriously going to tell me about being close minded? Really? Tell me more about how close minded I am. Go on. Inform me of the treachery of me not only acknowledging the clearly revolting stereotypical Canadian, but making it even more over the top in the spirit of simple humor. How dare a man play off of cultural identities, right? Next thing you'll tell me is I can't make jokes about France and their nude beaches, England having very good senses of humor, or Norway and their viking heritage. All incredibly offensive right?
0	I meant in terms of the "making fun of white people" memes. The Neckbearded guy, the Annoying Facebook girl, they all wouldn't work exactly the same way if they weren't white. Knowing a lot of neckbeards and having a Facebook account myself, I can tell you that I have not met a single black, hispanic, Asian, or any other non-white neckbeard. Also, non-white Facebook idiots act completely different to white Facebook idiots.   Plus, it's really really hard to make fun of white people. We deserve it, mind, we've been dicks for millenia, it's just really f*cking hard. The stereotypes people know for blacks (KFC, watermelon, etc), Asians (drive terrible, squinty eyes, etc), Hispanics (80 children, illegal immigrants, etc), and all the other non-white races have all been around for centuries, and society hasn't been integrated long enough for other races to make their own general, sweeping stereotypes. And the ones that they do have, are generally weak as hell.
1	Played against it, then played it myself, then watched my diamond 1 buddy play it, then played against it again:     against: dude was challenger (broken teambuilder queue), dominated botlane and did a good job escaping most of my jungler ganks with warding and skillshots     myself: did really well in lane, my adc got ahead quite far without really stomping. enemy xerath mid was stomping, though, and i ended up being quite useless mid- to lategame     diamond 1 buddy: won botlane easily and by a huge margin, left the game with 19 kills and carried the game superhard from support...     2nd time against: teambuilder game, xerath was around my level of play. was lucky i picked braum. could negate most of the annoying poke + managed to bully him back since hes squishy and hates braum Q. xerath was full useless mid/lategame
0	I had a similar situation but was quite a bit younger. When I was 11, I was told to say my goodbyes to my mom who was terminal and living on support at home, but I had been playing Starcraft online and was so concerned with getting back to my game that I said my goodbye and headed back to play, missing her last hour alive. I still feel terrible about it but I think it was my way of coping with everything.
0	OP "dated" an Asian girl. So should at least be able to differentiate between girls that look like her and girls that don't.
1	I had a game where I was Ashe and playing a defensive lane because the enemy miss fortune killed me for first blood. Anyway I want to back, so I push the lane and go to bush to recall. I type in "shopping brb". After I get to the base the jungler comes into the bot river bush. He said nothing about coming bot, so I figure he just wants to wait till I get back. Nope he just jumps in after the enemy comes back to the lane. I fire my enchanted arrow towards the ruckus, because I'm way to far away to do anything else and I wanted to help. Our taric goes in and stuns the enemy soraka while the retreating miss fortune is being chased down by our jungler. The arrow comes and hits soraka (fuck yeah noscope) but taric doesn't have the damage to finish her. Our jungler takes 2 tower hits before coming back to try to secure soraka's kill, but the enemy shaco comes bot and helps soraka escape after soraka ults. Miss fortune comes back and taric and our yi get caught in her ultimate. By this time I'm back in the lane, but theres not much I can do. I shoot a volley of frost arrows towards them while my team runs away, but Miss fortune picks up a kill on our jungler. Yi rages and says that I wasn't there for the gank. Swears that I fed miss fortune because she got first blood, and he swears at me for not being in the fight, and tells everyone on the team that he will never gank bot again.
0	You guys fail to realize that each state is its own sovereign body that can place taxes. Counties and cities can tax as well. Then you also have federal taxes. All Americans know that tax is not added. You go from state to state and Mcdonalds will always have a dollar menu. It might be $1.08 in North Carolina, and $1.05 in Florida. For most suppliers, to have to look up tax information for every state and adjust each individual price tag on the bag and rack would be ridiculous. Nobody in America complains about this because it is never so much of a price difference. For example if I buy three things from the dollar menu I know its gonna be about 3.20 or so. The cashier rings it in, full price comes up, I pay accordingly.
0	Actually, when I read it, your reply did not include:   >Fallacies like ad-hominid don't change the truth value or underlining foundations over the overall argument - what you mean to say is - it provides a good straw-man and or moreover red-herring for people like you that don't have an argument.   Whether you added that before or after my reply is irrelevant. Nor does the lack of clarity or grammatical accuracy. Or the irony that you accuse me of making an  ad hominem  attack, and then close by saying "people like you that don't have an argument." In case you're unclear...that's an ad hominem attack.   I have next to no idea what you're trying to say here, it reads like a random selection of philosophy dictionary buzzwords, but I think you mean that attacking a person does not change the value of an argument. Which is true by the definition of the ad hominem fallacy, so that statement is an oxymoron. Presumably you also mean that attacking a cited piece of evidence is a good substitute for a cogent argument, which is more valid, but still not entirely so, since any argument requires picking apart the opposition's evidence. So all in all I have no idea what you're on about.   I care not about your argument as pertaining to atheists and marriage etc, but only about pointing out the reason for your downvotes (that's why you initially asked a question, remember) was that you unnecessarily insulted someone because you had one piece of evidence to contradict them.
1	Ignorant (the user) states they are in it for the money, not the person/community.   This implies that the changes are not made for the person wanting the change, but for the money the change would bring them.   This means that the changes are not for the community... the LoL playing community. i.e. the ones already playing. This is more of a QOL (quality of life) change, implemented to assist players that have played for a while, not for people new to the game/genre that don't now the importance of said feature. I am only talking about this change in particular, as different changes have different impacts. Most of the changes that people accuse Riot of being money hungry are QOL changes (e.g. implementing various features such as custom item sets that were already made by the users, but made much more accessible by Riot), and this means that it impacts the pre-existing community far more than a new player base.   Also, Riot has no issue with things like custom skins, (as long as you aren't using a purchasable skin) even though it's potential revenue loss (more so, at least, than ultimate timer's in chat).
0	I just got done with one of these characters. I am not a touchy person and made this very clear from the beginning, but this guy insisted on hugging me every 5 minutes. So, that was the first thing that turned me off. The second was his femininity, this guy was just so damn nice. He agreed with everything I said, so it made it quite difficult to hold a conversation with him. I told him he was too nice, and he said "I'm sorry." We had sex and he couldn't stop thanking me, so much so that I started feeling extremely uncomfortable about having sex with him.   I finally get to the point where I decide that I just don't really like him and cannot put up with these conditions. I told him that I wasn't interested in him and let him know. He starts texting me all crazy saying he was going to come over and I don't text him back. Sure as shit, he came over. He knocked on my door and scared the hell out of me. I didn't think he was actually going to come over. So I tell him that he needs to leave because he was not invited here. It wasn't until I answered the door with my USMC NCO sword that he finally left.   Fast forward about a week later, I am hitting up my friends with benefits for a little [somethin' somethin']( and dude text me to see what I was up to. I got a text from the friends with benefits so I went to that one first. Somehow as I was typing my phone switched to the ex's text instead. My text that was a little NSFW got sent to my ex instead, who states that he was going to come over. I learned my lesson last time, so I told him that he needed to stay wherever he was at. Now he gets mad at me because I am talking to another person behind his back, after I had broken it off with him.   Finally got rid of him after about two weeks of plain ignoring him. So yeah, over attached boyfriends are out there, and they are just as crazy as women. I have had my fair share of overly attached girlfriends as well, they are equally as awful and I do not wish that upon my own worst enemy.
1	I wouldn't say correlation implies causation here.  Yes, the 6% buff is nice, but as a lot of people have already said, it's not much of a factor until builds round out.  It's not nearly as snowbally as it may seem on paper.   If you're able to get dragon early, however, that's a sign you (and the rest of your team) have a general control over your game, which is more likely to translate to a win in the end.  Not to mention Fiddlesticks is a stupidly strong champion right now who can totally turn a game around with just his ult (hearken back to game 2 of the Worlds semifinal match between Royal Club and OMG where inSec's ults pretty much singlehandedly won an otherwise losing game).
0	Get a forced air respirator and you won't have to have a seal against your skin we got them at my job and the lifted the beard ban. It's like a head bag with a air pump that is on a belt that goes on your waiste
1	In my opinion the reason why people dont watch support is because the learning curve for the CHAMPION is not that high, but what people do no realize is that spontaneous decision making is the highest aspect playing a good support. I respect all the high level support players as a person who also prefers to play support, and hope that people realize that one slight decision that a support makes could save the carries from dying.   With that said I actually watch solo top players, because I can learn HOW high level players play them, and mimicking them actually improves my performance. For example, I have been eyeing on Riven and was going to buy her when I get enough IP, but bought her with her 50% sale with RP. I immediately played a game with her and went on to dominate my opponents with 0 prior experience from just WATCHING how to play her.   However with supports, since the champions itself has a low learning curves, if there is no commentary on internal thought process, people would not be able to learn the subtle spontaneous decision makings. Without them, the stream is seems dry since it seems like I am watching something that is repetitive until mid game, and I am not really inspired to watch for 20 min of lane phase for 10~20 min mid~late game phase with 0 commentary or 0 humor.   I love watching Nhat Nguyen because even though he provides not much commentary about HIS decision making, his humor and his sometimes non serious humorous games make it fun to watch and listen to him.
1	Honestly, that was bad of you. Why did you need to go top? If somebody wants to top, why not talk it out and try to get a solution that will please everybody instead of saying (not sure you said this, but way too many people do) "summoner's code hurr hurr imma fers pick top." Most of the time, you can work it out so that everybody ends up with a role they at least don't absolutely hate, or if not that went to willingly, and you preserve team morale/whatever.
0	Which ones?     Kill transit city? Yes.     Save the taxpayers money? Debatable. The aforementioned killing of transit city will have cost us anywhere from 40 to 100 million. He used city staff to coach football, they have now linked up many times he was supposed to at council meetings but he was out meeting drug dealers. His 1 billion dollar sound bite has been proven again and again to be unequivocally false.     Balance the budget? No. At least not in the way he promised I.e. to finally balance the budget. The city of Toronto legally must run a balanced budget every year. It had been balanced for a long time before he came into power.     stop the gravy train? A hard no. This is possibly the most egregious of his false promises. In terms of efficiences at city hall, David Miller's last year in office had over 300 million in surplus which is due to budget efficiencies. Ford did reduce councilors individual budgets but it's such an incredibly miniscule amount of Toronto's total budget it's almost negligible. And any gain he did make in that area is totally offset (morally and financially) with his reckless finances within his own staff. In his last few months in office he has allegedly given continual raises to his staffers so they stick around. Not to mention paying David Price almost double what the last guy got.       -stop the willy nilly spending at city hall. Debatable. He has slowed the overall growth of the city budget. But the city still spends more now than it did under Miller (which is to be expected with inflation).     stop the car registration tax. Yes.     no more tax increases. No. Property taxes are going up thanks to his 2 subway stops.     build subways. Yes. At an incredible cost to the taxpayer we are building 2 subway stops. Although arguable this had little to do with him and was Katen Stintz.     Privatize garbage. Yes.       Okay I'm done. Sorry to rant for so long, that was mostly for me. Im just so frustrated to keep hearing people defend his personal failings with his political record which, by any standards, is not something to be proud of.
1	I played a great game last night. We had fed early, but made up for it, catching up to them at 18.  After killing 4/5, we tried to push the last two towers.  Suddenly the end game music plays.  Excited that the other team surrendered to our awesome push, I was shocked and amused to see that their Pantheon had teled to our base and backdoored both towers and the nexus.  Rather than feeling bitter, I laughed.  It was a great game with a great ending.
0	Today, 80% of music is absolutely atrocious. It is computer enhanced garbage and many love it and there's nothing wrong with that because that's what they like. But that being said there is a solid 20% of modern music that is so stunningly amazing it can be life changing. It's not just one type of music it's in every genre across the board! For example I hate dub step/house music, but dammit there is some out there that is just remarkable and I respect.
1	Do you mean you stopped playing  last  summer?  Like summer of 2012?  If my understanding of the decay system is correct it has not been long enough to have stopped playing this summer and have gone from Gold V to Bronze I purely through decay.   The way decay works is that after 28 days you lose a set amount of LP.  If that LP would bring you down to 0 in your current division then it drops you down one division, if you are in Division 5 of your Tier and you hit 0 LP through decay then it drops you to Division 1 of the next Tier down.  After the initial decay you then decay a set amount of LP once every 7 days as long as you stay inactive.  This next part is what I'm not sure about, I believe that when it drops you a Division it puts you at 75 LP in that Division no matter how much LP you lost from the decay.  I'm operating based on that assumption because both of my ranked teams that have decayed have been put into 75 LP of the division below where they were before.   In Gold you lose 25 LP per decay period, in Silver you lose 10 LP per decay.  You do not decay in Bronze.   So, assuming you are at Gold V with 25 LP or less you will decay to Silver I after 28 days of inactivity.  From this point forward you will lose 10 LP per week in Silver 1.  Starting at 75 LP it will take 8 weeks (56 days) to decay to Silver 2, and another 8 weeks to Silver III and so on.  Thats a total of 40 weeks to decay from Silver I 75 LP to Bronze I.  Including the 4 weeks it took for the initial decay from Gold V to Silver I that is 44 weeks, or 308 days, from Gold V (25 LP or less) to Bronze I.   _
1	I don't get these guys..   What do they reach by doing this? They get into Diamond where they get stomped because they don't belong there... They can brag about it to their friends but that quickly falls to pieces when they play together and the friends see his lack of skill.   And when you play a competetive game knowing you'll win because you cheat yourself to victory.. Where's the fun? What the point?
0	This happened with a post of mine the other day, except I put up a screen shot from a video, turned out someone had said the same thing in a comment hours earlier, hadn't checked then all of a sudden pitch forks were out.
0	They have been caught doing it numerous times, every time it was an "overzealous salesman"
1	I pretty much agree with what most people say on here about insults, comments, the directions discussion go in and the lack of real discussion, but I wholeheartedly disagree with pretty much everyone's thoughts on content.  This might be an unpopular idea but I think the current content of threads is a pretty perfect average of what everyone on here wants to read   E.G Personally I fucking hate posts about plushies but often there is an awesome story attatched with why they wanted to make or who they made one for. I don't then come onto this thread and complain about these threads because they  are still league content and are still what many of us want to see . I would support stream posts being moved onto the other subreddit IF it was EVER going to be popular but its not. If you move any of this content away from the main forum, thats just going to mean some people get what they want gone taken away while the rest of us  MISS OUT  on content that we actually DID want because a great deal of us are never going to use 5 subreddits just to get everything we want out of this one now.
0	We have some friends of the family who were in their eighties, where the husband recently passed away from a heart attack. We found out that the wife had become to weak to move around, but was too proud to get a wheelchair, so he had been carrying her around in their home, with her sitting in one of their dining chairs. This induced his heart attack, and she is now unable to care for herself and has moved to an assisted home.
1	Too long; didn't read. Example:   TEXT   TEXT   TEXT   TEXT
1	It doesn't matter how well I play if my team plays poorly is all I'm trying to say. I'd feel satisfied if I could win these retardedly lopsided games too, but my teams don't know how to build, position, or engage/teamfight, not to mention that we usually lack a well-defined team comp.
1	Highjacking top comment to post this.   I'm still a Comp Sci student, and I'm a lot stronger with developing for web applications (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, and the like which require robust databases and behind the scenes data processing) than with desktop or mobile applications, but there's probably someone out there who knows a lot more about what I'm saying. However, one of the topics that consistently pops up for programming for the web, besides usability and responsiveness, is security.   For a while now, MD5 has been known to have some serious design flaws, most quickly summarized [here on Wikipedia]( In short, MD5's biggest vulnerability is that there are multiple inputs which end up with the same output after going through the MD5 hashing algorithm, which defeats the purpose of using a hashing algorithm in the first place: to verify that the user, indeed, is who he says he is, and not a hacker or someone that the user did  not  authorize access to the account.   In addition, there have been huge security breaches regarding passwords, most notably from social gaming developer  RockYou's database hack in 2010 . This greatly narrowed down the number of passwords that hackers have to attempt because, after they analyze the data, they can figure out which passwords are most likely to be used, and guess based off probability FIRST, then brute force.   The end result? With a few tools and some scripts, [even people with little computing experience can crack passwords](   Now, since 2004, when these vulnerabilities in MD5 were first discovered, there has been a slow but steady movement towards other hashing algorithms, such as SHA2 and bcrypt, which have now been widely adopted by the web development community.   However, since having a more secure cryptographic hashing algorithm also tends to slow down your hardware, because it needs to do more calculations, the adoption hasn't been universal; in other words, it's often tempting to use MD5 because your server or software will be more responsive when you don't have to wait as long for your computer/server to calculate the MD5 hash as you would if you used a more secure algorithm like SHA2.   So why hasn't everyone switched to these new, more secure cryptographic hashing algorithms? Well there's a couple reasons:     More secure hashing algorithms have a lot more steps and calculations to make, mostly to make brute force attacks more costly in terms of resources and time. This, however, can slow down a computer or increase page load times (because the server's doing those calculations). Not a big deal, you say? According to  this article  due to slow page loads.     Laziness/small companies. When writing for a customer base that is perceived as small, or on a product or web service that needs to be prototyped rapidly or tested often, developers tend to default to the quickest hashing algorithm available (in this case, MD5). In the former case, they don't expect to see hackers, and in the latter, it's usually because they don't want long page load times and want to know if their software/application holds up under stress ASAP.       &nbsp;
1	Keep playing. If you take 10 people of the same ELO and randomly match them, you have a 50/50 chance of being on the winning team, assuming they are of the same skill level. Now, let's assume you don't suck. Now whatever team you are on has a guaranteed NOT sucking player, meaning the ratio of (players who suck) to (players who don't suck) is 4:1, as opposed to the other team's 5:0. If you are truly better than the people you play with, you will win 10% more games than anyone else you see, making your ELO rise until you are now equal to the surrounding players.
1	Which, ofcourse, should be lee sin.   Lee sin would be the most logical considering he fits all requirements, is a champion who can be played in a variety of roles, and consistently ranks 1 on the most favored champion played.
1	This, so much this. I play (well played) at around gold-plat level all through out the end of S1 till the first few weeks of S3. After that I had some major breaks thanks to other games. When ever I go soloqueue I feel that in my now silver elo - is where I belong to. In a solo level of course - but to my point. We have our small group of IRL friends that we play with a lot since S1 and we still "compete" at gold and maybe plat 5v5 level because of our easy teamwork and fluid communication. We trust each other completely and know each other weakspots.
0	Agreed [here's a statement from Gillard to CEDA about the current state of our economy](   It's a bit long so i'll cut down some of the main points for ya.     2.5% growth for the year     Net exports making their strongest contribution to growth in four years.     New dwelling investment over the year rose by 10.2 per cent  the strongest annual growth in ten years, further evidence that the non-resource sectors of the economy picking up.     New business investment still around fifty-year highs as a share of GDP, at 17.5 per cent.     Since Labor came to power, the Australian economy has grown by 14 per cent.     Under Labor, our nation has created more than 950,000 jobs.     Our net debt  one-third Canadas, one-fifth Germanys and one-eighth the size of the United States.       There's more in there if you want to give it a read.
1	I think you have to consider that there's so many more variables within this than you're accounting for.   There's many reasons why people rage in solo queue but 2 of the biggest reasons for this is:     embarrassment   frustration   Insecurity/ feeling of powerlessness   nurture from other toxic players     Embarrassment: If you're Japanese you know how some people are and not all people will be the same toxic people that you've seen before. When people are playing on the NA server, most American people on the web have no  and they talk too much when they're frustrated. If there's a localized Japanese server who knows if people will talk with more hesitation.   Frustration: Everyone has felt frustration playing this game before because it's honestly a game that is fun but hard to master. Since most of the Japanese people playing are mostly new to the game because DOTA was not that popular in Japan when it was popular in the world. This is probably a new voyage for them and a lot of them will be frustrated after seeing just how big of a gap there is to catch up to. This will change over time when people get more comfortable and they start to catch up.   Insecurity/ feeling of powerlessness: If you're playing on 150 ping compared to 5-80 American ping, it'll get to you mentally if even if the ping actually doesn't make that much of a difference. And like you said a lot of Japanese people don't feel secure about their english because they cant speak it that well. " A lot of this will change when people get a japanese server.   Nurture from toxic players: You might not have been around when League didn't have a tribunal,  but league was pretty bad when it came to toxicity. My very first game of league(right before season 1), people from my team AND the enemy team both told me to kill myself because I died 2-3 on my very first game of league , and I'm not even lying. Even when I came back to the game after 2 months because my friends were playing, the biggest thing that prevented me from prevented me from playing this game a lot was the people who constantly told me to go kill myself or calling me bad an honestly that has cleaned up A LOT over the years but it still lingers to this day in league because toxic comments like that are contagious. I'm pretty sure the Japanese players playing for the first time got abused similarly when they were playing but RIOT has a LOT of experience dealing with toxic players.
0	Clearly you've never been in that situation - it's easy to say that when you've never actually had to DO it. And even still.. if you're able to do that, awesome. But most people struggle and I don't see the point in making their life harder.   Being overweight is really crap - it pretty much changes ever aspect of your life for the worse. And it's depressing.. man is it depressing. Oh and you know what an awesome temporary way to feel better is? Eat some nice foo-- aw fuck.   And while it's easy to put it on.. wow is it a slow process to get it off. So you have to do all the work for a long time while still being a fat person. AWESOME. Or not. The process does give some natural highs for sure as you start to see results, but remember you have that whole other 'life' thing going on.. so every time something crappy happens you don't have the vice you used to - ie, eating, because if you start again you might not stop..   Oh let's not forget people! You wouldn't think the same people who laugh at fat people would constantly be trying to shove food and drink down their throats would you? Well they do. It is amazing how much it matters to other people what you eat... and with everyone around you is saying "Oh go on, just one slice", or "It's just a few beers, no big deal man" it can be seriously hard to say no. These people are the biggest hurdle to get over. They want you to go out for dinner and drinks, come over for a beer, have a pizza, go to a BBQ.. and they always seem to take offence when you either decline because you don't want the temptation or if you show up but don't eat. You can't win.   The bottom line is there is nothing fun about being fat and there is nothing fun about losing weight. Once it's gone - that's awesome! But that road can be incredibly difficult to go down and as I said above.. I just don't see how making life even more difficult for those who are actually trying to change is helping anything.
0	I'm going to give you actual advice for this. Do not be ashamed of getting yourself some Rogaine, and if that fails, a really nice hair piece. Hair loss causes serious depression in men and is not a laughing matter as much as society likes to think it is.   A lot of the generation before mine in the family went bald, and only one of them did something other than shave their heads, and I assure you that man is rockin' life in general (and married to a woman 20 years younger than him). He had one of those hair pieces made out of real hair (he's bald at the top) and it matches his actual hair. Anyway, nobody outside of close friends/family even knows he has one and he's remained confident and happy with it, and obviously nobody looks down on it.
0	Thank you.   I first saw that there were 2 seasons, and was excited after watching a few episodes, they really had some good stuff, and having more is simply awesome.   But, then they go from "heres a 40 minute long episode tying together a specific theme each episode about States history, with interesting information and context" to "well, lets just make a 20 minute quiz show and ask a few random strangers some trivia questions, since ya know...less work on our part!!"
0	Thanks for the correction, I was not aware of that. The only way I could find for a young employee in this situation to make a complaint is the last section from here:   "An employment policy or practice that applies to everyone, regardless of age, can be illegal if it has a negative impact on applicants or employees age 40 or older  and is not based on a reasonable factor other than age ."   Link is to the actual law and I am not about to dig through that right now :p     My example: Young employee, who is very qualified for the position,  is considered for promotion to manage a team with older people (some would have to be over 40). Company says they think he is too young to manage the older people for yada reason so they choose a less qualified older person to take the job.   The point of attack here is that by putting the less qualified person in charge the company is putting the older employees on the team at a disadvantage as the less qualified manager may not help them perform as well as they could have had the younger employee been made their manager.   Realistically, though, this is a weak argument and anecdotal but is the best chance as far as I have seen in my limited reading into the subject. I do not think this would succeed.
0	I'm sorry, but I LOL'd and if you could provide a pic (with faces blacked out if you wish) for further amusement, that would be awesome.
1	This always happens, I had a game where our whole team made mistakes and threw an easily winnable game (Gold 1 MMR level) and afterwards the Mid Nidalee was explaining how troll we all were compared to him.   I explain his actual mistakes and explained how the difference is I could admit I made mistakes and will hopefully learn from them but he needed to get over the fact he sucked just as bad.   His response was just linking his supposed main account. I just replied "what has your main account got to do with the fact of how badly you played in this game".
1	It sounds like at that level you need to disregard the meta. Luckily I had regained enough ELO before patch to skip Bronze, so I'm not entirely sure what it's like down there, but from your description of your/enemy's team picks, don't bother with it. Just pick your favorite champion to play every game and have fun.   There are multiple accounts in the higher elos where that person only plays 1 champion, rarely is it a champion that people consider "broken or OP", IE Zekent's SpamHappy account where he only played Poppy, couple of Shaco (even though at certain points he was probably considered OP/broken) only players that I've seen up there too.   I think that's one of the things that people forget when they watch streams of higher skilled players. They are in Diamond/Challenger series and so is everyone else in the game. They can count on their team to know/understand what they're doing in every aspect of the game. The lower tiers are NOT full of these types of players. Granted every once in a while you'll get a team handed to you from Baby Jesus himself... but it's such a rare occasion you should probably play the lottery afterwards.   When I first, seriously (wanted to be better, watched all the tournaments, etc etc), got into LoL, I watched a stream where the guy constantly ELO boosted accounts for people. He had a semi-decent champion roster (relied heavily on 3 champs, could play somewhere between 10~20 without too many mistakes) he was comfortable with and would just go face roll with champs like Xin/Morde mid (this was wayyyy before S3 bruiser mid meta (Xin)), would basically end up 1 v 5ing the enemy team and winning because he was able to get that far ahead off of his lane, and by that point it was basically impossible for his team to lose. Every once in a while he'd be forced to play a lane other than mid, but he didn't care about what the top skilled players were picking as top/mid/bot/jungle, he played what HE was OP/broken on in whichever lane he was given.   When his chat asked him how he ELO boosted these accounts so successfully his answer was always "Play champs that these ELOs don't understand how to play against." Granted you would have to have the experience in all of the tiers to know what they are clueless about and with twitch.tv becoming so much more popular (back when I watched this guy, the highest viewership on popular streams was normally ~5k), that advice is becoming less and less relevant as most people are actually learning a good bit about how to play LoL, but sometimes this advice even works in the higher skilled tiers/competitive play (until today/yesterday (depending on time zone), AP Tryndamere was considered nearly unstoppable, even in the diamond/challenger tier, but CLG had his number).   I definitely agree with funkypanda89 though, you have to be selfish at your level, hell even in Silver I've noticed sometimes I just can't rationally justify going to help my ADC (personally main support), because he randomly decided to all in while their jungler is waiting in river brush (that's warded). Sometimes you just have to let people die and do what you can afterwards (hell, personally I let those guys do whatever they want and just eat the loss... I prefer not to offer the helpless tips or potentially carry them to a new tier, as I'd rather them just fall to where they belong and I have enough confidence in my gameplay that I won't fall nearly as far as they will).
1	The biggest issue here is that you have to expand how many teams go to worlds to be able to do this. Right now, it's 16 teams, which really easily works out as 4 groups of 4, top 2 from each group make it to quarterfinals.   Now, the easiest thing to do would be to make each group 5 teams, with top 2 from each group advancing to the quarterfinals. That requires us adding 4 teams to worlds. If we just give Brazil 1 slot, that's still 3 slots unused. Now, let's look at what options we have for the other 3 new slots:     Give Brazil 2 slots. Give how big the Brazil scene is getting, this wouldn't be horrible. By 2016 I'd expect Brazil to have 2 teams that could at least be somewhat competitive at worlds   Give Turkey (or another wildcard region) a guaranteed slot. I don't think this is a great idea, yet. Japan's scene is too nascent right now, and Turkey and Oce are too small of populations to justify having a guaranteed slot (especially given that Turkish players can play in Eu relatively easily. Maybe LA could also get a guaranteed slot, but even that I think is questionable.   Give SEA another slot. They've effectively had 2 slots since S1, so maybe it's time to give them a 3rd.   Give additional slots to Korea/China/NA/EU. I really don't like this solution, as you can't give them all new slots, and it would feel wrong to give some of the major regions new slots but not others. Alternatively, there could be 1-2 major-region wildcard slots where the 4th place teams across the regions compete for a shared slot (sort of like how FIFA does it for the world cup)     Basically, no matter how you slice it, getting those 3 extra slots to give Brazil one slot is going to be a bit of a pain. You then also have to deal with the logistics of having those extra teams (each of which adds 8 games to the group stages, so you're adding 32 games to worlds, plus more potential tie-breaker games). That's a lot of extra work on Riot's end. They could make it happen, but there'd be a lot of questions that need to be answered first.
0	Oh yes, the "Why aren't you tolerating my intolerance" defense. Does wanting to eliminate bigoted speech in turn make me a bigot? I say no. Here's why: striving for tolerance is inherently at odds with intolerant beliefs. In the reverse, intolerance also seeks to eliminate tolerance. Now I'm going to cut this into something more specific: Bigotry. Going to the definition we get: Bigotry - bigoted acts or ideas. So we go to Bigot specifically:  a person who strongly and unfairly dislikes other people, ideas, etc. Key word: unfairly. Hating a cold blooded murder and wanting to excluded them from society (at least until they pay for their crime or are rehabilitated) is not bigotry since it is justified. In the same way, actual bigots (racists, misogynists, Nazis, etc) are not justified in their actions. They unfairly attack others and seek to make their lives worse.  Being intolerant against a bigot is justified since they seek to harm others in various ways.  That's the key. Bigots are not justified in their actions, they do not get to be defended against intolerance. And as a final point I'm going to quote [Karl Popper on the paradox of tolerance](   >Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them.  In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be most unwise.  But we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument, but begin by denouncing all argument; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument, because it is deceptive, and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols.  We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant. We should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law, and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal.
1	I responded below but in ANY competitive sport, you do this both as a winner and loser no matter what for several reason. One is to show that those who did stay and play (instead of quitting) tried their best. Would you rather they call you noobs and tell you to uninstall? Two, both winners and losers shouldn't let one battle/game get to them and to keep their cool. How would it look like for those in the LCS to storm off after losing badly?
1	Exactly, Fiddlesticks is only about map awareness and doing good ults at every cooldown. The more you learn in game knowledge, the more you will climb, whatever are your mechanics.   There is little to know about fiddle's mechanics, maybe only the distance that can be covered by a max range ult+flash, and the best points to ult from (you can go very, very far, since if you ult in a thick wall you tp at the other side).   Imo, his only real weakness is the quite long CD on ult. I can't get why he isn't a 100% pick/ban in soloQ, especially at lower rankings where nothing serious is likely to happen during the CD of the ult.   Warwick is about the same, except you have a low CD on ult and can gank every minut or so as soon as you are 6, and with w you can take objectives very efficiently after a good gank. The only mechanic to know is the orbwalking thing to stick to an ennemy after the ult.
1	I have a similar issue. While I don't usually have anxiety issues, I have for whatever reason been having issues lately, with shaky hands and what not. Some dos-and-don'ts that I found help.   Do : Make yourself comfortable. I like to listen to  this .   Now for the don'ts. Don't drink too much pop. The sugar and caffeine will not help you to stay calm. Also, if you are feeling tense don't keep playing. The added anxiey you get from going on a losing streak won't help your nerves. [Here is a a link to a video]( describing why people go on losing streaks in games, but it can mostly be summed up to "going on tilt". If you want to play, but are feeling tense about a match, do an aram or dominion. Or just do a custom match and practice things such as Last hitting creeps or try hitting an [Insec]( on the A.I.  Hope this helps, and good luck in the future.
0	I was a mod on a dAmn chat server and we had the power to ban (must log it with the bot). We once had a mod get pissy about an admin change (dear.lord, the amount of drama that the mods had on that chat was horrible) and subsequently tried to ban half the server when she thought we had all logged off for the night. But alas, me and another mod saw her do it on our bots before we closed them and rejoined the chat and kicked her, and kept kicking her every time she joined, untill she stopped trying to rejoin and stayed on until an admin got on so they could demote her (mods couldn't demote or ban other mods)
1	Well if you were diamond or plat and just couldnt do anything because you werent trying your complete hardest to the max wouldnt you want to play against lower people so you can actually have a little fun playing the game and not have to worry about having to try super hard to actually do good.
1	Of course you can freeze at tier 1, i was giving an example of when it is clear to everyone that you should freeze lane, as you clearly have lost lane hard. Your support is not going to know what play style you have and if you want to free or whatnot, just telling us will make both our lives infinity easier :)
0	If you actually said the words, "No strings attached" then you're Scumbag Steve.   If you explained it to her with sympathy and maybe even compassion and "no strings attached" is the
0	Yea, "jack shit" was a poorly chosen phrase on my part.   Ideally, yes, stupidity concerning people would never be an excuse for an adult who's getting paid to deal with people, but in my experience, assuming that ideal should hold true for every real life situation ignores the actual state of things along with quite a few other subtleties (like the difficulty some people have with educating themselves) and only really leads to frustration if you dwell on it.   To retract what I previously said, talking with the manager WOULD be an appropriate action to take.  However, I have a certain cynicism towards the sort of managerial reaction that would take place.  You'd have to take the time to make sure the employee knew where they went wrong.  Some of the time (in my experience), something gets lost at this point of communication, and the employee starts looking for a scapegoat, which usually ends up being the customer.  (As a side note, I suspect a thirty something woman who makes such an insensitive comment around a child is just the sort of person things often get lost on during communication).  To get around this, the manager just gives the employee the golden rule: "keep your mouth shut from now on".  This is usually effective, though it just makes the manager a scapegoat for the employee's problems and hardly helps society achieve that ideal we'd like to be able to assume always holds.   Still, I agree now that she should at least bring the matter to the manager's attention.  However, I think the main point in my original comment (which could have been constructed better to emphasize it) was that she should try to turn the experience into a lesson for her daughter which could hopefully foster some positive development.  Dwelling on this enemy cashier's error doesn't really do much that's going to help the child deal with an experience as formative as this could potentially be.
0	You have been personally pointed at and laughed at while in a gym?   You are implying that people who workout at the gym are the equivalent to bullies, who want to take time out of their work out to stop and specifically ridicule you? No. You are being egocentric. Everyone isn't thinking about you or probably even care that you are there. Stop it.   Do you honestly just feel a bit bashful and nervous to start? Work out in your house then.
0	As a student of many classes and two states, I must say, PROJECTORS and CHEAP TRANSPARENT SHEETS. They are VERY cheap, most any school can afford them, while having 50+ very large monitors setting in the library, ready to be used by any of the teachers at any time, and to be used for educational videos, for the class.. In Michigan, we just used white-boards and markers, WORKED FINE. In Michigan and quite a bit through school in NC, we simply used projectors!
0	If boys had vaginas they'd realize that queefing is no grosser than farting. And if boys could fart out of their dicks, girls would probably think it was even grosser than ass farting, and be hypocritical in thinking so. Gross is gross, I don't see why lacking the necessary parts makes it grosser.
0	Since nobody's replied to you: the difference is that OP is intentionally opening up the possibilty for an accident to happen. If there was an emergency and OP had to brake, the result would doubtless of been the same. But surely you see how these are not the same?   I have no problem with OP trying to get the driver's attention, but doing it in a way that might hurt someone or cause accidents is just ridiculous. Car's come with lights, (highbeam flashes, hazard lights), and a horn. OP could of used these, or his own hands (change lanes) to signal the driver. OP could of called the police and alerted them about this dangerous driver.   But instead OP made a situation where an accident could likely happen. Then holds up his hands and acts like it was justified just because the other driver was being reckless.
1	This occurs everytime there's a queue and every single time someone gets in queue they feel the need to submit it to reddit. You are not a unique snowflake, it's Riot's lame joke and we don't need 5 submissions every time there's a server issue.
1	On the point of prioritising the carries, do you have any plans to change blue or red buff, to make them more about jungling than generic stats? (Similar to the Baron buff changes.)   In lane, your opponent is the enemy laner. In the jungle, by contrast, your primary opponent is not the other jungler, but the jungle itself. Clearing jungle camps should feel challenging, which is why it's ok that not all champions can survive in the jungle. In my opinion, the jungle buffs are both tools that let you face this more difficult environment, as well as your reward for daring to do so. That's why it feels really shit when:     You're expected to give up one of your buffs to mid possibly before you've even hit level 6     Your teammates can clear jungle camps better than you as soon as they have 1 or 2 items       The worst part of jungling right now is how fast you lose control of your jungle  to your own team . Each laner has their own area of the map that they control and are responsible for, and it would feel much better for the jungler if he really  owned  his jungle, rather than it becoming free gold for your teammates 15 minutes into the game. I know you're looking to address this with the camp and terrain changes, but
1	Honestly I've never farmed as hard as I can farm with karma. 300 cs in 25 minutes at 1200+ elo is not too bad. It's no scarra's karthus but I'll take it. Also, the lack of ultimate is true you pretty much have to farm like a beast to stay relevant compared to a typical ap mid IMHO.   Now that as an aside she needs a specific team comp for her kit to be really effective. A very in your face tanky/bruiser comp with an up in your face ad carry like vayne would be best. Another problem is that spirit link is not reliable damage source as it does not damage the targeted person so it has to be used more intelligently to effectively burst someone down. Another issue as most karma players will attest to is that the unreliable damage from spirit link and the mantra requirements on her shield for it to do any damage at all.   So with only one guaranteed damage source I feel she falls short in both reliable burst and sustained damage. She must sacrifice a charge of mantra for her heal which, with high ap and on low health high hp targets. Her heal could be considered gamebreakingly OP on the right team comp especially one with their own sustain.(vlad and warwick come to mind)   Her plus side is that, as I've said in the right comp she could take a snowball team and her high damage and utility could easily carry her team to an early game victory. Spirit link plus her burst from shield/heavanly wave. Is just downright amazing for ganks and team fights. The amount of control and utility you bring to the table is amazing as well as her shield becomes insanely beefy late game once you've got your core ap items.   Another quick thing to note is that she also makes and I know people are gonna laugh. But she makes an amazing ap mid/lategame support. run a tanky kill lane bot(leona and/or Jarvan) and a ranged ad and ap top and/or jungle.(tanky ap jungle would be nice like sejuani and her kit synergizes well with karma.) This is an effective team for breaking up the old ap mid support ad bot bruiser top meta. But might lack the speed and map control necessary to control the jungle as seen in Hanover and Kiev.
0	caveat, i'm only speaking for myself and my own personal biases. second caveat, it's not bad, it's just that I would be proud of a child for the following reasons:     to me, halloween is about creativity. wearing the  presumably  same, store-bought outfit as everyone else is the opposite of creativity     "buying into" a fictitious character feels like a loss of independent or critical examination. i would argue that one specific character can't personify you. just as I wouldn't wear a t-shirt with a joke on the front all night or a picture of commander Shepard (I'd be tired of the joke quickly, and people will sum you up in that joke) I would try to avoid being a specific character unless it was really, really clever.     this is a character concocted by disney. i just feel uneasy about how much influence the company has over our culture- specifically, what kids think life is supposed to be like or about. it sounds like frozen was a better movie to base role models on, but being absorbed into a carefully formed character just makes me uneasy.
1	The thing you have to remember is, HP isn't the only thing good against burst. Think about it like this.   HP helps you against burst, but doesn't increase the value of your ult's healing, and doesn't make you last much longer in the long term.   Magic res/armor ALSO help you against burst (Though not against true damage), and increase the value of your ult's healing.   RoA makes you tanky, it just doesn't make you as tanky as a zhonya's or abyssal scepter.   And no, he  can  be with his dots. You're missing the point. Even if the damage doesn't go off instantly, you hit QWE and you've done the damage to him. You can back off, he's going to take most of that damage. You can kill people in one combo. Just because the damage model of his abilities doesn't turn up in half a second, doesn't mean he isn't effectively putting that damage on them in half a second! He is very much a burst mage!   His ult is great, but you can't just build around that, and if you  are  building around that,  HP is even worse! As noted, with all the healing from your ult, armor/MR will do WAY more to keep you alive than HP will. If anything, your argument about "surviving burst" favours a burst mage far more than a sustained AP bruiser; you don't need to survive burst as sustained bruiser, you need to be able to last a while in a fight.   I would say rylai's, while decent, is just not as good as all the other options. You already have a slow on your Q, your W is an immobilise, and you're not using your E on people that aren't going to get hit by those as well. It can be nice with your ult, sure, but is it worth getting rylai's just for the ult? Especially when it gives HP, which, as discussed, is a poor defensive stat when you have shittons of healing?   Honestly, give what I'm suggesting a shot. Because 20-30 mins into game, ignite/burst isn't going to kill you any harder with a zhonya's or abyssal than it would with a roa.   I can tell you that you very much can rush zhonya's on swain - You said yousrelf your E does "enough damage", it sure as hell doesn't do any less with a zhonya's than it does with a roa. Vulnerable? Not really. You're still going to be able to heal up with your ult. Or you could rush abyssal, at mid, and be  far  tankier against your enemy than with roa.   Honestly, with tear or chalice, you can pretty much sit with your ult up most of a teamfight and not go oom. So why get roa for mana? You're paying for a stat you don't need (mana), a stat you already have plenty of (health sustain), a stat that is inferior to others (HP).
1	You can't get a good winrate on a champion with 90%+ bannrate.   So until about 7 months or so ago, I used to play LoL. In S2 I pretty much just played Ryze, so in S3 I wanted to pick up a diff champ. I wanted to pick up another unpopular mid champ.   I played Ryze upto Diamond 5, and then Kassadin upto Diamond 1. Kassadin and Ryze were never banned back then. Ever. They both always had 45-48% winrates. I followed this closely back then as they were practically the only champs I played.   They have both since come into popularity, and been nerfed, even though they have never been positive winrate in S3.
0	Which part is confusing you?   A weekend warrior is someone who portrays themselves as deeply into a culture, but only participate on weekends.  The term became big with motorcycle riders.  Businessmen would don all the hardcore paraphernalia of motorcycle gangs, but only on the weekends.   Of all the religons around the world, Presbyterian is lite idology.  No need to confess to a pastror or priest, go directly to god.  No need to visit a church 3 times a week to pray.  Technically, you never have to go to church to be a good presbyterian.
0	the metaphor you use may apply to both   That was me acknowledging the parallel. This conversation is becoming a bit of a farce. We're arguing semantics at this point. Allow me to further elucidate my stance. I think you'll agree that we're all making similar, mutually-non-exclusive points, but are unable to see that as a result of the fact that we're [that includes me] nitpicking over fine details rather than stepping back to see the big picture.   The buyer is a douchebag. The seller could have prevented aforementioned douchebag (scumbag) behavior, by doing his due diligence. Therefore, the scenario at hand was enabled by the seller's negligence. Even if said douchebaggery had not occurred, YES, the buyer would still be a douchebag.
0	Exactly. I grew up around an Air Force base and a fair amount of dudes I ended up knowing rode Bikes. The worst accidents I heard of involved alcohol, either the Bikers being drunk or other drivers being intoxicated (the latter often being the case). Fatalities are common, but are often a result of improper protection.   I actually know a guy who got T-boned by a dick who blew a stop sign in a residential neighborhood while riding home for Thanksgiving. He was tossed off his Bike and slid straight into the curb, and despite fracturing a Cervical vertebrae he came away relatively unscathed. Luckily, he was wearing the proper protection i.e a fitting helmet. If he was riding without one the force of being flown from his bike at 30 mph would result in him getting his brains splattered against the curb.
1	Their stlye improved. Also of course the dominated the Lcs in the first couple weeks. C9 was rusty form the lose of Hai, Tsm's roster was unstable till playoffs, CLG was being ClG, DIG was their only competition early. LMQ was the only good team at the start of the season with a roster with significant practice together. From watching them over the season and the NACS it is obvious that they evolve from an average Chinese team with nonstop aggressive play to a more varyed play style with both agression and macro game.
1	Riot just want a passive game filled with tanks and utility-based champions, hence the nerfs to champions like Lee Sin, Elise and the buffs to Maokai, Nautilus and every other tank jungler that benefits from Quill Coat. Especially with worlds coming up, Riot want to ensure that Elise and Lee's high pick rates for those up-coming matches won't be at a 100% pick/ban.
1	Genuine"?   Why would that matter?  PhantomL0rd is an entertainer, and LoL/eSports is an entertainment industry.   Personally, I'm pretty new to the scene and have no idea about the whole cried on stream thing.  If he came across as a douche to you, then by all means just turn him off and don't watch him.  But to berate him for being a "dramaqueen" suggests a failure of understanding regarding what it means to be an entertainer -after all, drama IS entertainment to the majority of people.   Drama can be created any number of ways -by having extremely high level/high stakes matches, by emotionally investing the audience in the personal story of a player or team, or by painting pictures of some players as good guys and others as villains.   For players who make the majority of their income through streaming (as opposed to salaried players living on sponsorship/winnings), providing audience entertainment is a number 1 priority.  Somehow, you need to make your audience care about you, or find you funny, or find you informative.  It doesn't matter how you do it, but you need a draw.  This is what allows players like Destiny (even though he is currently not top tier) to remain as a popular streamer.  If they use their   PhantomL0rd clearly buys into this philosophy -his rages/emotional outbursts are over the top, but that's intentional.  Did he need to scream and throw his headset?  Obviously not.  But if he hadn't we wouldn't have watched his youtube video -the play was good, but not particularly unique or exceptional for a high ELO match.   Is it morally offensive for a popular streamer to solicit donations from fans?  I don't think so.  At least, not as long as the fans are aware that they are donating directing to the streamer in exchange for entertainment.  It's a whole different can of worms if a streamer solicits donations fraudulently, by claiming they are for charity, etc.
1	You got it backwards. Implementing a clan tag option would REDUCE the number of namechange purchases, reducing the first problem you stated. Also, it's a preceding tag, not a modification of the summoner name. So if Billy wants to be XLS Billy, nobody else can be ___ Billy. Only him. It is VASTLY superior to the system we have today, where if a proplayer switches teams, someone could take his old name.
1	You're pretty late realizing this.  It happens every season.  The issues with all the QQs and stuff is that they think they can not care early season and suddenly want gold and get it. You need to always play like it's end season. Everyone waits till the end it its just too late.
1	While it can be argued that gaming can cause addictions that are similar to gambling and drug abuse, there is a very large grey area on the subject matter of how a government is supposed to respond to these types of problems.   Sure the drinking age is 21, but there still are alcoholics that ruin lives one way or another. Sure the smoking age is 18, but it still destroys your lungs and your wallet regardless of age. There are countless examples and counterexamples for either side and it is up to the people to support the laws or change them (I am an American so I am used to the democratic process even though it is heavily corrupted).   In the end, it is up to the people to make decisions on these types of activities, whether it be gaming or drugs and alcohol. I do believe that the Korean government is overstepping their bounds when it comes to restricting the amount of time that a teenager can play. IMO, that is the parent/guardian's job, not the government's job, but it seems that it has come to the attention of the Korean government that despite the parents' effort, gaming is becoming an addiction that is gripping the youth and effectively lowering the country's future net worth when it comes time for them to grow up and "contribute to society."   I was, and possibly still am, addicted to gaming. It is a drug in the sense of the control it has over your life. You  can  be addicted to it, and if you are, it  has  the potential to ruin your life. I almost failed out of school because of it. Gaming addiction is no joke for those who are trapped and having support from your loved ones, just like any other addiction, is the best way out of it. In the end, the individual has to want to break the addiction. If I had impositions on how much I could play, I probably wouldn't have been so deep into it, so I see the thinking behind the concept of the potential law. It doesn't make it right, but I understand.
1	I wanted to answer so many individually but Ill cover it all here.     To those people insisting that "OMG what if I get disconnected or my power goes out blah blah blah" All I can say is, deal with it. Its bound to happen with every system. Power goes out, you leave a game? Guess what, the leaverbuster just marked you down as leaving a game. The point isnt about what the system does for you, you arent the only player, you arent entitled to some magical exemption. Shit happens, its always going to happen no matter what system is in place. Deal with it, and look at the bigger picture rather than saying everyone has to focus on you.     To you people saying "OMG WHAT IF I GET TROLL REPORTED!?!?" The smite goodwill system, as far as I know, doesnt put you at 0 because you got reported. It just doesnt give you that +6%. There are ALWAYS going to be trolls, no matter what system there is. There is always going to be that random asshole who reports everyone because he is a toxic, spiteful, little shit who wants to watch the world burn. This whole "we cant have nice thing because trolls would just ruin it" is a troll statement in and of itself. Odds are, you are probably that troll, seeing as you have no faith in your fellow players, and most likely whine every game. Either that, or you fear like you are going to be punished and never get anywhere yourself.
1	I was so proud of Dig in their latest match against Curse, normally I look at teams and say "same old, same old, a Jarvan here, a Vayne there, what's new?". I'm plat 2 but I just play the game, it's been a long time since I've looked at other people's builds or tried to read up on how to play a champion, so you could say I'm very game knowledge light. Anyway, in my mind there are tanky comps, squishy comps, poke comps, split push comps and that's about it. But lately Dig seem to be refining their team comps after almost every match, my favourite was what they took against Curse. In the past they used squishy dive / assassination teams (one or two assassins, Aatrox, TF etc.), but they learned that they need a bit of tankiness, so they picked up Zac, and he fits them like a glove (even if his long dives seem to be a bit too tempting). They also put Graves on the side burner and picked up blue Ez, who did a TON for their comp; he stalled with Iceborn, he allowed chases with it as well (which Dig love), he gave them much needed poke, and most importantly of all, he gave them vision.   In the past Dig's squishy team comps meant that when they fell behind they had to give up dragons, and sometimes barons, as it was simply too risky to go and check the cleared bushes. In the Curse match they used Ez's Qs to check bushes, and his ults to keep track of the enemy team, check baron and scare the enemy team off of it, it was even used to give Scarra vision so he could keep split pushing as Zed! Elise was also used as part of a vision comp, with her Volatile Spiderling used to check more bushes, finally, Zed could do the same with his shadow. That really opened my eyes to how important vision can be in the game, and Dig have incorporated it into one of their team comps exceptionally well. I hope to keep seeing similar things from them, and I've said it before, but I respect Dig for trying to play their own game (dive heavy, assassin driven teams), instead of jumping just grabbing the top picks and playing a standard game like everyone else. All the best Dig.
0	No one will ever "understand women" because there's nothing to understand. The problem with this thinking is that it assumes 50% of the population is a homogeneous group with one viewpoint, one set of beliefs, etc (same goes for men, of course).  Do you act like a bro-dude frat boy?  You don't?   Do you conclude that men are strange and bizarre creatures?   This is simply in-group vs out-group thinking.  You assume the people in the other group think and act en masse, while you see variation and individuality in your own group.  And, you attribute behaviors of the out-group members to her "out-groupness", so to speak (ie, to her gender), and attribute behaviors of men to the individual.
0	Ok... We're leaving the fact, that something, that "skyrockets" should at least be something that happens in absolute not relative scale... In the UK there was an increase after the last gun law change for 2 or 3 years, and then it went back to a lower level as the time before the ban... 49 fatals in '96, 42 in 2012. What exactly does this show? The availability of guns is not this big of a deal in the UK but they are not necessary at all. So why would you give somebody a tool in his hand, that is designed to kill, if there is no effect whether he has it or not? And about those "gun free zones" you're talking about: Yeah. Maybe. But as far as i see it you don't deliver facts about that. Is it possible that bringing a gun from one state to another (or one city to another) is way easier than bringing it over an international border? I mean... Having a city that doesn't allow weapons next to city that gives it away them away at walmart or something isn't a good idea if you don't prevent people from bringing them from one city to another. Like you would do on an international border. Concept bad --> result bad. But what i wanted to say with my numbers i just put in here is: That there is either a correaltion between "gun allowed" and "90 times higher homicide rate related to guns" or americans are just gun wieding idiots. Pick yours. I'd rather live in a country that is less likely to get me killed by gun than one that allows me to have one myself but still is more dangerous than any other first world country.
1	Main problem is that he got lost in patches and updates like alot of old champions do, who plays annie anymore when there is xerath/brand/cassio and others? Ezreal's only advantage over any other ad carry was his earlygame that he can snowball from.... His ult/e+q combo can get someone down to 1/3 of hp and if they derp might kill them. Graves have same burst, more armor, and he doesn't have to rely on skillshots that much. He might be fine as champion, he is just outclassed by others.  That being said, he is not bad, its just he is outclassed by others, you can outplay someone if your personal skill is higher then enemy player, but at the end of a day? Why not play cait/graves...they do everything better then him.
1	3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
0	Engineer in his 40s here.  20 years after college, nobody cares what you studied or even, in most cases, that you completed a four year degree.   The first few years with a non-technical degree might yield lower earnings, but I have plenty of friends who are doing just fine after majoring in fields that weren't in high demand.   In a lot of cases, the found something tangential to their major and turned it into a career.  Theater major running a theater, chef becoming a concierge, English major editing textbooks, etc.
1	i assume you mean it basically allows you to zoom out further and see more area around you? i guess that can help in a sense. but not too terribly much. it would make detailed/fine movements hard to do without zooming in (might misclick that CS or champ). plus its not giving you something you dont have access to, with good map awareness you can see anything you really NEED to on the minimap (enemies/wards/obj/ect).   so
1	Not sure I agree with advice given so far, not wholly at least.   Orianna  wants  you to attempt to lane with her. Fuck that. Don't even attempt to lane in any prolonged passive sense with her, because she can out-harass you for free.  Jump on dat robot (!!!1)  whenever your cd's are down, particularly with a bursty AD champ like Corki, and push her right out the lane. And don't wait until she's already harassed you to half health, because that's her plan.   It'll make her use her flash because she has no reliable escape, almost guaranteed, which will make her an easy gank target if she thinks it's smart to stay in the lane with low hp.
1	Not sure why you would rush EC instead of wriggles. Yes, EC has higher lifesteal and the synergy with IE you mentioned is great too, but on the other hand you get the desperately needed armor botlane and a proc that gives you strength contesting objectives such as blue buff or drag/baron and a guaranteed lasthit every 5th try. And attack damage, usefull if you cast ad scaling spells (Graves lol).
0	This reminds me of my science fair in 5th grade. We didn't have 1st, 2nd, or 3rd places (we had blue and red ribbons, blue for good projects and red for "showing effort") but you could tell who was winning by how many kids were flocking around the project admiring it. Anyway, I cloned some mushrooms (it was basically just artificial reproduction, but mushroom babies have the same DNA as the parent so you could call it cloning). Everyone thought it was awesome, and I had pretty much one of the best projects there, until this asshole comes in with  a fucking hovercraft  that his engineer father built for him, and everyone basically abandoned my project and my friends' projects to line up for a ride on the hovercraft.   But he let me ride it, so it was ok.
0	I couldn't agree more. Nobody really cares. It's not a battle to be won. We love in a free society were people get to choose what to believe. War terminology implies force, implies making people "see the atheist light" for the truth it is.   The meme is correct, and a person has to fail pretty hard as introspection and awareness to not be able to see that this is true.
1	Are you kidding me? Fearless is absolutely right. If someone is spectating me I could be the ADC focusing on farm and because of my OWN unskilled map awareness I get ganked by a Kha'zix I should've seen on the minimap but luckily coach is there to warn me "stay back he's coming bot or he's in the area", that right there just screwed that Kha over, so what if he walked through a ward? You're the one who neglected to abuse that information and he deserves the free kill on you so you learn your lesson?   Or what if he tells you information you wouldn't otherwise know for being ignorant? Such as when to expect a typical gank or when the enemy jungle is most likely at a section of the map. Its just the little things amateurs don't know and would need to learn that someone coaching in real time could essentially just take the role as their map watcher or something silly. Riot added buff timers because they didn't like some players having an advantage others may not know of/be unable to use themselves, making the game unfair.
0	When my sister and I met our aunt's fiance, we both got a weird vibe. We instantly didn't like him, even though he was a seemingly nice guy. We mentioned it to our mom in passing, but she just made it out that we were antisocial and didn't like new people (which to be fair, is also true). We were 15 and 13 respectively in age, and something about him just seemed... weird. We privately made a deal that whenever he was around, to be sure we stayed together and left/entered rooms together. He was just that creepy. And he always wanted to hug, I'm not a hugging person to begin with, so that just made it worse.   Fast forward about a year and a half, he gets arrested for soliciting a police officer posing as an under age girl. My aunt divorces him shortly afterwards. There's lots of other stuff I could really add here, but we'll leave it at that. Ever since then when I get a gut feeling like that, I pay way more attention to that person.
1	I wouldn't be so bold as to claim to know when he's absolutely good or bad, but I will say confidently that he plays better with teams that are very mobile themselves and self sufficient. Ez/jayce/tf kind of comps. Since his strong point is split pushing, it's better to play with a team with good wave clear/disengage who won't get dove and killed 5v4 or even a team that can push a lane while you're pushing another.  I could confidently add that he's weak against good dive teams for the same reason since it makes split pushing difficult if they 5v4 your team.  As mentioned he's also poor against high cc teams. See my earlier post for details a few unit's above.   In terms of laning phase, I won't play him against champions who are early beasts usually because even though he comes back hard in mid game, getting there is often challenging in early laning phase.  Sometimes I'll start with a Fortitude Elixer and try to grab the early advantage with a bait.  If you're curious about counters in lane, I'd say I pretty much agree with what's on championselect.net (There are two darius' in there for a reason, think of their ulti's lol). Katerina's not in that list, but I'd add her simply because his ulti makes hers COMPLETELY useless and his even lasts significantly longer.
1	I agree, the Lux and Morgana lane has been something I've been really wanting to try.  Unfortunately, the playstyle of Lux is similar enough to Morg (there are key differences, I'm not disputing that, but a lot of the same motions and tactics apply, including using shield and cage on the run to kite someone) that most of the people I know don't feel she's very good at all, as they feel that as "support", she's competing with Janna/Sona/Soraka/Taric for their spot.  If there is already one of those, then she's allegedly competing for a "support/dmg" slot against Morgana (and others with dmg + cc).  I disagree on this set in stone official team comp setup beyond a goal for non-premades to follow.   That said, if any of my friends manage to learn her (or Morgana), I'll play the other.  I actually was surprised at doing fairly well with her the first time I played her (2-2-16 though it was a losing game as we had somewhat weak tanking due to bad decisions that game as well as very light on the dps or cc against a full cc team), but at the same time, that's a sample size of one, and I know absolutely that I can improve greatly on her and probably did a lot worse that game than my score reflected.  I absolutely know I had issues with aiming that shield at teammates that would move at the last moment (though I never threw it at my opp like a retard) but there were quite a few escapes from this beastly geared Olaf that chased me from top to bottom while I kept managing a shield + Light Binding to keep him off me.  This happened a few times so I am not sure what happened to his Ult that would have had my Binding go right through him with no effect, but hey, I'm not complaining =D
1	Korean Junglers evolve E>W>Q thats thats the ideal evolve Order E for Ganks, W for Mid Game Skirmishes, and Q for late game max Damage(Lizard/Black Cleaver/Maw/Last Whisper).  But the game can completely determine what you need If your team is skirmishing a lot/making picks then evolving W>E>Q(Elder Lizard/Black Cleaver/Last whisper/Randuins+Banshees) will be the most beneficial for you since you provide a utility slow and can just engage low health targets.  In Competitive play there is no need to Evolve Q First teams are much to organized to let you isolate them without the rest of the team reacting or just simply baiting you to invade but in SoloQ evolving Q first can help you shutdown the enemy jungler and get early dragons for your team so you would want Q>E>W.
1	It's not about dodging every skill shot. That kind of attitude is exactly why people fail badly against champions like Nidalee, because they think the only way to counter it is to dodge everything.   It's about using every part of the game to counter poke damage and turn it to your advantage. If you are standing behind a row of caster minions at all times, there is practically nothing a nidalee player can do to hit you with a spear.   As for not standing by your tower, I'm not suggesting you're going to avoid every single skill shot if you don't stand by it. What I am saying is that when you are forced behind your tower you have two separate paths either side of it if you want to attack a minion and that is significantly easier to predict than in the middle of the bridge where you have full freedom of movement and a bush. You don't have to dodge every skill shot, but if you can start blocking and making them miss even 50% of them you're going to be in a much better position.
1	like it matters,   still oneshots every adc in my book and i feel like his ult is even more rerarded, if they make it like akali R i would be alot more balanced. other options are to give him a passive no clip ms R instead of a usable R or to just give R a real cooldown and it creates a buff wich last for X time in wich he can cast as many ults as he wants/can but if X time is over dashing is over to.   u wont ever get away from him on alot of champs, hugging walls is suicide and it doesnt realy matter if stand 'safe'. kass SS is like a luftalarm telling me to leave town or be part of the rubble.   removing his silence is good and rather lame at the same time from both perspectives, so u can stop fiddle like quinn can but why does it even do that still, its either silence to stop them from casting w an average to high cd or its a shield.   if u want him to cruise like a tazmanian devil then dont let him oneshot,   if u want him to oneshot dont let him be a tazmanian devil.   if u want him to silence then do so, but dont give that lil extra just to have ONE MORE extra option to stop the few fragile channels.   problem lies with how direct his damage output is imo. he is a mix of akali udyr victor.   akali has to Q and proc it to do real damage, same for lb but thats a diffrent story..   if akali Q on u, u know u are in trouble if u dont play care but akali has  to time and manage stacks and procs to be realy effective altho less experienced akalis can still do the basics its about starting the chain.   nobody runs from marathon udyr on his own but he is kiteable.   victor trades by Q nuke and should come out on top based on the shield. and his real tricks are still skillshot based 'kinda'   w kassa its just locate target jump faceroll jump/flash to safety, repeat until win.   his early laning isnt as bad as people realy prenteded it to be.. and he is to hard to punish after 6, i have a 10/10 winrate in ranked with the void the 10 games gathered only by being first pick and him not being banned by redside last season.   back in those days the zeds were still real and the kha was not only scary by his Q, whiped every single one of them home w defense masteries and maxing W bitchslapping, chasing and destroying them to the nexus and back if i wanted to.   kassa is a design flaw and if its all clicky or triangle based, then scalings are a terror, i laughed my ass of when i read hes mana based now... i mean like comon?   pick a game design and stick to it, ryze would like old banshees back and the line in patchnotes after his back to back nerfnotes are still haunting me..   we nurfed the range of all spells on ryze cus he was to big of a problem for the backline...   HAVE U SEEN HOW MANY TIMES I PRESSED Q RITO HIS HANDS MOVE BUT HIS BALLS DONT FLY!!! ROGUE OR ROUGEMAGE??   they were right in some way every other midlaner makes sure the enemy doesnt have a backline to start with... btw who or what is in this back line anyway? adc? the range of pritty much any spell is double of most of adcs basic attackrange the BASIC movespeed of every champ is higher then any adc (unless ults or passives)   adcs have no cc or time to react to monstrosities like kassadin imo.   if im the queen of slows and im kiting why are the enemies still running laps around me?..   2weeks ago i walked past cait to ult her to my tower as janna, i didnt slow her and she wasnt standing still. she had T2 boots i had my passives.   if im ashe and slow kassa its just a minor inconvenience as his cooldowns will be up again before i launched my 3th shot, assuming if i had barrier and flash to start with   ap burst in general should go down w exceptions to some like nidspear which should stay the same. i do want midlaners to be valid, just give them less manacost or regen early so they can still harras. but if u lost one trade its just counting down until vi comes along and towers are gone.   same points count for the AD assasins tbh. for example zeds damage is fine but playing him means u have a korean passport pre 6. u get bullied hard in lane. but if he gets his precious arpen then he can oneshot any adc w half a rotation..   same for riven, wich is a rather dificult case imo. the damage is real but unless your boxbox and know every inch of rivens animations and perform the smoothest animationcancels ever.. u just gona have a bad time.. the reason i brought this up is cus riven wasnt a problem for a very long time. she kinda was but nobody realy played her except a chosen few. on release she had like tripple the health regen BASE compared to any champ now she has 1/3th of the second champ on the bottom of the regen list. this means that rito wants her to be the 'i do it all perfect' oneshot, but doesnt like regen in general wich is kinda odd as laning does feel rather boring atm is it not?   ofc u make all the plays u want but deep inside u know that one mistake or 50health  short will end up costing u the whole laningphase these days..   best way to make alot of anomalies balanced is to relook at almost every champs base stats and figure what u want them to be.   if u want a champ to be the best poker ingame then dont let him run oom after 2 spells.   if u want a champ to be a melee squishy let him have regen   if u want a champ to become tanky then make him tanky w lesser basedamage   if u want adcs to be weaker early then fix it in per lvl stats   if u want assasins to stop adcs then do it but leave a window open for retaliation if he makes a mistake   if u want weird supports or killanes bot then allow it but dont let it be annie vs 2 and a quick Q from cait for easy double and a GG best cait world. still no ad support items   if u want nukes then buy em but do realise that nukes have a cd and diplomatic problems after use, any adc escape is double and in some case tripple the average dashtime. any spell they use consumes 30% mana while others with no recources attacked have no problems and such low cooldowns that even AA in between walking is becomming so dangerous and almost irrelivant. the so called backline is always in range of everything and if engaged no summonerspell in the world will save u.   so
1	People have discussed this for about 2 years. Maybe even more. The answer has not changed. Since ZAC is a very... for lack of better words ''blobby'' hero, he can't have anything that is really solid on him. If he did, it wouldn't look right. If he had a suit his arms would extend, but his suit can't. As well as his ult where he does this crazy shit and morphs into these crazy shapes, his suit would rip and tear.
0	i think part of this whole thing stems from there being no clear-cut (or at least agreed-upon) ways to use these memes (as far as i can tell). i also  think that the /r/depressionbear subreddit is useful for redirecting the depressing confession bears so maybe we should do that for other memes, as well. this way people can still post them but it'll be to a more relevant community. this subreddit is supposed to be funny (though it makes me question the advice mallards, but i think thats a subject for another day).
1	I never really j understood why one champ can be "OP" on week and then a month later after one small change to their scaling or whatever. They are suddenly not viable and shit. Seriously? Who makes the descion on if they are still viable or not? Have you even tried the champion post nerf or are you just going with the crowd? I personally have never really listened to the "champion viable/not viable" meta. That may be why I was never good in ranked. But I have to say when caitlyn was nerfed last year and was considered not very good. I still played her and never missed a beat. I didn't even notice she got nerfed until my friend tried to tell me she was shit at the time.
0	I feel like a lot of factors go into this.   Blaming guns is a quick and easy fix. We live in a rather instant society, we want the problem fixed  now  even if its just covering the real issue. Like a band aid versus stitches. Band aids are cheap, they cover the wound and you dont have to think about it. Stitches although a better choice, takes longer and involves more foresight. More attention is required. Kind of like setting up a working mental health care system.   Then there is the whole stigma of mental health. People don't seek help because of this and we still try to brush it under the rug; even though its a very real thing that needs addressing. Also most seem to thing just popping a pill makes the problem go away.   Finally we're coming up on some more political years here. Campaigning is going to start soon for 2016. Healthcare and gun control are some hot button topics along with financial situations among social classes. Which all take a part in this particular incident. The pressure is on for what Obama will do in the ending of his term and who will do what in the coming term. This is just another example for politicians to sadly shake their heads and blame the other side while making wild promises for the future, bolstering their own campaign.
0	This. I didn't have much say in what times my classes were running the past year, and I ended up with one term being just a bunch of classes crammed into the morning, and the other being mostly late starts (and late ends). I was much more productive and successful when I had the morning classes, as I had a large amount of time after my classes ended to make sure I was keeping up with assignments and general studying. Even after a large amount of that, I often ended up with some decent time to have fun in the afternoon/evenings.
0	Personally, I'm all for choice. Im not some random woman who is carrying a child. I have no idea what that feeling is like, or what bad things can come of it, its gotta be one hell of an experience.   However, I do kind of believe that having an abortion is ending a life before it can begin. That doesn't mean im out there trying to stop it from being allowed though. Its just a huge situation and if it were to be something in my relationship that had to be an option for one reason or another, I'd want a long talk about the gravity of the decision.   What bothers me, however, is that the other side calls itself "pro life", as if the other just wants to have abortions for the hell of it. Its just funny that apparently "pro life" doesn't include the lives of the people making the decisions. In the end, its just about them enforcing their belief on you.
1	A champion based on punishing mobility.   i.e Ult creates an area. People who move in that are or use mobility skills get stacks based on units moved. When the timer runs out or the user chooses to end the effect, enemies are dealt dmg based on the number of stacks.   You could add even more depth by adding a skill to the kit that actually buffs an enemy. For example hit the enemy adc with your ability, he gets increased movement speed but if he's in your ult he now has to decide whether to use the extra mobility to dodge dmg from other sources or try to minimize the dmg he recieves from your ult by moving as little as possible.
0	I would hope that you have a conversation rather than a consequence.  See what's going on.   Did they get that from a friend or buy it from a store?   That creates a real opportunity to talk about sex (note, I'm under the impression that we're talking about teenagers here).  Is the discussion comfortable?  No, probably not, but if a time to tell them the basics:   Condoms need a little practice.   You can actually get someone pregnant and get a sexually transmitted infection (used to be called an STD now known as STI) by trying to put it on, realizing it's upside down and flipping it after it's been on the tip of the penis.   That one second might have picked up some pre-cum which can be enough for problems.  Encourage them to practice this in their own space, privately in order to better understand the mechanics.   Condom amnesty.   If the teen is going forward, I would rather be part of the proactive discussion  than paying child support for a child that they weren't ready for.    Make them aware of how to get them (drug store, local health clinic, etc.)   Condoms break down.   If you're going to be active, make sure that YOU buy them so that you know what fits you best and works as it should.   As unpleasant as it is to imagine your kid growing up too fast, it's better to be part of the discussion rather than being left out of the loop.  If they know that you're going to freak out, sneaking around you will follow.   As a parent with a teenager, I dread the day when it becomes obvious that he's gone into the crazy hormone and experimentation phase.   Do I want him to become intimate with someone?  Hell no!  The reality is that I can at least give all the information ahead of time and make him aware of the resources that will help.
0	IMHO = in my honest opinion
1	Wait seriously? If you use a skill for one thing, you can't use it for another thing until the CD is done!? :mindblown.gif:   Do you give lessons!?
0	I was in the middle of a mountain road outside of city limits.  I use it as a shortcut to get back and forth between two towns and only twice in 3 years have I seen a cop, but only because they used it for the same reason I do.
0	I think people are misinterpreting this.   I think it's more about people who don't give credit to the forces that led them to that which they are celebrating/showing off/enjoying/profiting from/etc.   For instance.  These people who happen to grow up in a nice home near a city.  They live rent free, go to a university (paid for by parents), have access to great internships from home, etc.   And yet they don't credit their job position with any of those massive benefits.  Instead, they credit all their "hard work".   People who receive a job based on "who they know", often times family connections?  Yeah.  Zero shits given.  They really couldn't waste a second of their time caring that somebody more qualified deserved that job.  Instead, they are busy caring about their next trip to Thailand, where they will also not give one second of care about the poor conditions there that exist beyond their resort beach.   And there is far too much glamor surrounding dumb shit half-accomplishments.  Like the "I just climbed Mt. Kilimijaro!", when in reality, you didn't climb shit.  You hiked up a trail behind a guide and didn't have to expend any mental energy worrying about the dangerous stuff that actual mountain climbers have to worry about.  Same goes for Mt. Everest, which is really just a "look how much money I have to blow" accomplishment.   Although, we can see the ridiculousness of a girl posting a photo of herself in one of the most hostile places on earth for human survival, especially when she's likely still afraid to sleep without a night light on.  In actuality, this photo really is a display of "look how much money I have".  Or perhaps "look!  the tax payers paid my useless fraudulant PhD grant so I could go high five some Penguins!".
1	Which he could've done in the first place, because obviously he has the resources to crack those systems.   However I was just giving you an example of a situation in which a "hacker" does not have any malicious intent and is acting within the boundaries of the law.   But let's say I'm trying to convince you to trust a hacker (I'm not, but we can pretend)   I would tell you a hacker is not "a person who wants to steal acces to computer systems". It's simply a person who has a lot of knowledge about computer systems (and usually their security). So it is someone who potentially has the ability to do so.   Also you're saying he can "come back" into your systems and take whatever he wishes. Well, if that's the case you either didnt use the information you hired this white hat to obtain (logically, if you hire a whitehat you are going to plug the loopholes he finds) OR he kept behind information.   In both situations however, we are now apparently talking about someone who does have malicious intent, and is thus not to be called a white hat.   I'll leave you with this: a blackhat is to a lockpicking burglar, as a whitehat is to a locksmith. Do you mistrust a locksmith simply because he has the ABILITY to pick your locks?   (
0	This was my problem when I was younger and dealing with depression.   I'm sure this will get lost here, but I'm hoping it might help you, or someone else, in some way.   The drugs didn't work. I was on Paxil, Zoloft, Lexapro...they didn't do much of anything, probably because I couldn't break the cycle I was in. My grades were crap, which made me want to escape by sleeping or playing video games, which I did instead of studying, which then lead to worse grades. I lost a lot of good friends and made some new bad friends (they weren't in a gang, they just were terrible people).   I OD'd on Xanax with this friend-with-benefits of mine, then a little while later, got an .02 suspension (like a DUI for 18 and younger...or is it 21 and younger? I can't remember) about a month or so later. Barely graduated high school and was failing out of community college from missing my classes and exams.   Then, I was prescribed Adderall, and it all changed. I had the energy to focus on my assignments and study, and all of that, so I did better in class. Plus, I was chatty now, so I was more outgoing, making new friends to replace the old ones I didn't have time for. I ended up graduating community college (finally) and planned to go off to university in another state.   It wasn't all great. I still had this toxic relationship with my girlfriend at the time, and she was on Adderall, too. (Actually, by then, we may have switched to Vyvanse, I'm not sure). Anyway, she wouldn't get her scripts refilled, so she'd beg me for mine. This was probably for the best because, as a smoker taking ADHD medication, I was going through 3 packs of cigarettes a day, and I was about 110 lbs. I looked anorexic. But, at least I didn't think about killing myself all the time, since I no longer felt useless and, in turn, no longer felt hopeless.   I eventually moved away for university and dumped the girl. The doctors at the new place were used to college kids, though, and didn't throw ADHD meds at anyone who claimed to have an issue. I felt like I wanted to get off of them, though, because I kept having to up my dosages as my body got used to the drug, and that made it hard to sleep, or quit smoking, or even stop itching. I'd see myself freaking out if I had exams or needed to meet important people, and I couldn't get in to see the doctor before I'd run out of pills, and I'd feel like an addict.   So I quit.   The first few days were the worst. It's not painful, it's just...foggy. Hard to focus on anything - harder than it ever had been before. I tried to cut through it with coffee or energy drinks, but those didn't do much. It sucked, but it ended, eventually, and it was easier to think clearly again, albeit, no with the laser focus I once had. But I realized that in the years I had been taking the drug, I'd developed pretty good study and conversation skills, and these two things became natural to me, instead of forced or unobtainable, like they were in the dark days. Being off the stimulants made it much easier to quit smoking (I still have one or two if I've been drinking, but I don't buy packs anymore), and my appetite returned. My roommates also hit the local gym, and I went and even lifted with them. I put on about 30 lbs in my first year at university, and it was almost entirely muscle. I looked decent, and felt great. I met a girl, graduated and got married within a month of each other a couple years after I met that girl, and now I'm working a great job in the field that I went to school for.   I'm not saying dexamphetamines like Adderall or Vyvanse are the best drug, but the trick to depression is breaking the cycle of feeling like shit --> life gets worse because you feel like shit --> feel shittier, and that's what they did for me, because I no longer felt powerless. I'm glad I got off of them before I wasted away or gave handies for 5mgs of the stuff, though. And maybe that's not the way to go at all for you. Everyone's different. Just try and figure out the way out of the crapcycle and stay out of it. Get out of your habits of listening to depressing music or doing other similar things, if that's what you do. It's just like breaking an addiction - know your triggers and stay away from them.   I guess the
0	My cousin (who is quite a bit older than I am) and her husband have 4 children, 2 that are older and 2 that are younger. Sometimes, I'll take one of the younger ones out for ice cream or to the park to give them a break. At the time, I was about 21 and my niece (I know, not technically my niece but that's how we roll in our family because we're super tight) was around 3. So we go to the park and it's me, my niece and this mom there with her kid.   The kids are playing in the park, me and this mom (who's quite a bit older than I am) are chatting then my niece yells "Come chase me, unkie! (uncle)" It's this game where I pretended to be a dinosaur and she ran around the playground screaming and laughing as kids do.   So I'm 'chasing' her around the playground when from the corner of my eye I see this old large woman come stomping on to the playground and yells "LEAVE THAT LITTLE GIRL ALONE!" I look around to see what's going on but there's no little girls here except my niece and point to myself like 'who me?' At this point, my niece comes over to me and I scoop her up and she says loudly "Why's that lady angry?" at which point this woman goes beet red and turns around and walks away.   Like... Honestly, does she really think I couldn't catch up to a 3 year old? Give me some credit. Damn.
1	It tends to get thinner once you gain ELO, but this kind of player still dwells higher up (was Gold I in S3, matched with low Platinum. My GOD, those people are annoying). My strategy usually is to mute anyone that is typing something out of line and I immediately suggest the same to my other teammates. Of course, that doesn't mean abandoning him in the game, I still gank his lane if he's doing ok, I still try and help out, just that I will resume to communication via pings. It's more efficient and saves me the trouble of potentially making mistakes because of some bad words written by a douchebag. Oh, and yes, unfortunately, bronze league isn't about playing for your team, it's about playing for the objectives. If your team is taking objectives, then by all means, support them. If they are chasing a support kill half way across the map, resume split push and ignore them.
1	Both teams had pushed an inhibitor at around the 8 minute mark and it became a hilariously one sided for TBD whom for some reason still took 30 minutes to group and end the game.
1	I honestly thought the assassin meta was fine for adcs. Champions with dashes or QSS can easily fight back against an assassin, and I had so much fun playing ezreal/tristana/graves/lucian/even caitlyn and sivir could be used. Also, the smart thing to do is stay grouped, if you're not doing that, then you're not learning from your mistakes. There was counterplay to this.   Poke/Siege...Adcs should not be getting hit with any skillshots anyways, why are they sitting near their tower and not in the back when they're being sieged on? That's full out their fault. During that meta, almost any adc could be used as well.   The main issue I have with tank meta is that the only tank shredders all have crap laning phases (Vayne/Kog/Jinx) so they're going to either be even or behind on gold if they get unfavorable matchups, which is likely to happen. All other adcs don't have the damage output to deal with 5k hp + thornmail and armor to top it off, and they just end up killing themselves. This affects EVERY adc.   And honestly, even top laners are taking cinderhulk and smite, even saying fuck flash. This is the first time top laners have ever done this (at least since I started playing at the end of season 2). If you think that's not an issue, then there is definitely something wrong with your perception of the game. You even see cho in mid lane, an AP tank that does true damage, and Urgot, who's passive and ult are designed to make him tanky. Mid-laners like leblanc haven't been seen as much because people are just saying fuck it and going tanky as well. Tanks are literally taking over every lane, something the assassin and poke/siege meta didn't do. I don't understand why people don't see this as a problem.   But hey, minute long teamfights FTW! Just my opinion, any criticism accepted :o
1	For me its very circumstantial.  E- If Im ahead i always try to go E first (thats his jump in case people didnt know) or if i know that lanes are winning and we're trying turret dives. Because e resets on kill participation and so you can jump in tank for 2-3 shots get the kill and then jump back out.  Q- If im behind or need finishing damage. (His q is a targeted attack that does alot of damage, but less after 4.3) If you are experiencing trouble where you have to cover lanes and they run the risk of diving you can kite them around with your e and then even ulti if necessary and they tank all the turret shots and you can finish with his q.  W- NEVER EVER DO IT R- always last just because his e and q are too valuable
1	This I feel is definitly the main problem, it's really hard to find someone that is at pro level that's not allready on a pro team, the only solution I see for this is pairing a not so experienced caster with an actual above 2k player like Gbob and maybe some pro not participating in the tourney, that way you can still have a caster with a great voice and the ability to talk 30 min straight with someone who can correct and/or explain the reasoning behind what the players are actually doing, there will be a lot less facepalms from the audience if the casters werent so clueless about the reasoning of why someone picked who they did or why they are building a certain way.
1	I ve climbed my way from below bronze to diamond 2 in the past 3 season and I can tell you that there are ALOT of immature people in every elo division league however you want to call it
1	That's... too long.   Jax
1	It's not worth worrying about. Someone got replaced, but because she has a vagina between her legs, all of the internet nerds / white knights wanna step up and be detectives and "figure it out". There's nothing to figure out. If she was a guy, no one would care and this wouldn't be on the front page.
0	Thanks for posting this. While I understand from your point of view you are testing the waters and using it as a measuring stick for the relationship, on the receiving end it looks like emotional manipulation.   I grew up with only sisters. Punching one of them would have landed me in a world of punishment, but emotionally messing with them was subtle and equally effective. (i.e. buying candy for one and snubbing the other)   Once I reached dating age I had an arsenal of emotional manipulation, and by that point I didn't even realize I was doing it. It's hard to explain now, but I always felt like I was somehow the victim. That if they weren't doing what I wanted, they were trying to hurt me.   After years of failed relationships I finally understood what I was doing and why it was wrong.
0	No. People really do judge you if you're a male in a park/playground. Like /u/GotNoms said, some go as far as calling the police. There was a situation once where a guy's daughter was making a scene and crying in a store, and to not disturb/bother others, he picked her up and took her outside. He got the cops called on him. For interacting with his own child... That story ended well, though. The cops saw that it was just his daughter and had a word with the people who called the cops (they had grouped together to watch).
0	In punishing folly, it does not further one to commit transgressions. The only thing that furthers is to prevent transgressions.
0	Nooooope. Just Chuck Testa.
0	I'd direct anyone reading this to the [Irlen wikipedia page]( No scientific research has ever been conducted that proves that:     Irlen syndrome exists       Irlen filters help (people with dyslexia).          It was demoed on TV and then commercialised almost immediately. It reached "fad" status in the 1980s and people were still practising it in the early to mid 1990s. It has regained popularity recently with the Irlen company claiming it helps with ADD and ADHD.   No doubt this will upset someone who "has" the condition, however I'd just redirect you to the research (or lack of) and the fact that after the fad had ended few credible schools still use Irlen filters and even 30+ years later nothing credible has come of any of it.   It only works for "some" dyslexics because it is a placebo. It works because they believe it works. Some research has suggested that it coincidentally helped with unrelated eye disorders that were undiagnosed, and that treating these disorders removes Irlen's claimed benefit in those very few (
1	If the enemy Laner has less than half health, from spears, they won't engage. Just because some people are stupid and don't buy wards doesn't mean that nidalee is a bad support.
0	It remembers me my only encounter with a wasp. I was in the south of France and a wasp entered the small apartment we were renting there. The only weapon a could find was a 1.5 liter bottle, so I try to smack the wasp with it.   I finally smack it in the face. I push the corpse outside for the rain to eventually pick it up and send it away.   15 minutes later, an other wasp enter, and the same thing goes again, I flail my bottle in the air and smack the wasp, but send it in the coffee pot where there was about 1 inch of water. I close the lid and fill the pot for it to drown.   I go looking for the first wasp but it's not there anymore, I had just knocked it...
1	Agreed. It can be easier to carry with Leo in Gold+ because your teammates will follow up more often. You can rely on them somewhat. In Bronze/Silver it can be a bit tricky to expect your team to do things.   Nami, Thresh and Morg IMO are the best to carry with at lower ELO's because: a) They can make aggressive plays. Catch people out for your team and win small skirmishes to get your team fed. b) THEY HAVE STRONG PEEL. This is especially important at low ELO because everyone will misposition. Not only this mean you can hook or bind their ADC who decided to go frontline to poke but it also means YOURS WILL TOO. Morg Shield + Ult, Nami Bubble + Ult or Thresh Lantern, Flay + Ult are extremely strong at keeping your team safe where as Leona has to choose one: dive or peel. With Thresh you can hook someone for your team, dive to them throw your box down and run to your carries with the lantern shield and Flay. Morg can snipe a target with binding, demolish them and shield her carries as she waits for divers to gapclose into her ult.   I just feel these are stronger at carrying unaware teams. Leona can make plays, yes, but when she does she spend everything on something. E, Q and ult. That's probably a kill, but can you stop the 8/0 Renekton killing your AD? You have to take responsibility for this. With Thresh you have chuck down your box defensively and Flay them into the walls. Exhaust if needed too.
1	This right here. All it is, is another talk show coming onto the scene with different content. FB and SI have never annonced roster changes or future gameplay updates, it is all information from credible sources but untill it is officially announced by Riot than it will always stay speculation. Richard has always been right in the end but it will always be seen as rumors because he has no real ties with Riot games itself.   From what Richard has said, it really only affects teams officially announcing roster changes on their own websites and on social media. It cannot stop leaked info and there is no way they can find out who the source is because Richard keeps them anonymous. Hypothetically, if i lived next to the CLG house and saw zion move in before they announced any roster changes and i went and told Richard Lewis who then published it, who would punish? So there is the loop hole - Make roster change > tell roster change to external party not affected by new rules > tell richard lewis. In the end R.W cannot be fined, Team denies leaking info and cannot be punished without proof.   Edit:
0	From OP's history:   "When I was 22, I slept with a woman who was 35 with 5 kids. You'd never know she'd had a single one. Anyway, I met her at a bar and we wound up making out a bit before deciding to leave together. I thought she was going to take me back to her place. She gets in my car and starts giving me directions...and we wind up in an empty parking lot. Whatever, we get in the back seat. The sex was good until out of nowhere she starts this really deep moaning. I'm talking Joe Swanson crying in the bar on that episode of Family Guy deep. I ask if she's okay, and she says she's fine. I've got her legs on my shoulders and I notice she's starting to tear up. I stop, and then all of a sudden there's a tap on my window and a flashlight. Fuck. I put my pants on, tell her to wait a second, and I get out to talk to the cop. I tell him exactly what's up, and add that I'm 22, she's 35, and needs to go home to her kids after. Cop has this shit-eating grin on his face and tells me to get back in the car so he can talk to her to make sure everything was consensual. They talked briefly outside the car, then she got back in and he tapped on my window, told me to have a nice night, and left. I drove her home in silence to her house with like 5 cars parked outside. Apparently she and her husband were in the process of finalizing their divorce (great, I'm a fucking home wrecker) and he had been babysitting the kids that night to spend time with them while she went out with her cousin.
1	These guys are being dicks but the fact is you leaving is also a dick move, ignore them, communicate via pings, you're ruining the game for 8 other people if a guys being an asshole and if your entire team are dicks you're still making it suck for the other team.
1	Story time: Yesterday I decided to play on a smurf for shits and giggles. Picked my lv7 account, locked in Morgana, bought only a Doran's Ring and proceeded to play. Went to the toplane, besides people telling me to go bot. Didn't try to lasthit with autos, I clicked once in the closest minion and waited for him to die (but I used W to farm the backline, even a beginner would do that I guess). I played like a total noob, which is to be expected of a lv7 summoner.   Needless to say, our Ezreal and Nidalee raged like the plague, called me dumb and that I had Down and some other things that I don't even remember. Our Wukong and Singed, on the other hand, were really cool and even "taught" me how to shop (I said I thought I could only buy at the beginning of the game).   The best thing was that I was still being more useful than our Ezreal and outplaying/murdering an Aatrox with 3 items and passive up while having only a DRing.
0	You get used to the hairyness eventually, then you just get the odd phantom tickle just like everyone else.   The real bain about hairy legs is that they usually lead to hairy arsehole. Hairy arsehole is a motherfuckinbitch.   I've gotten through entire toilet rolls after a particularly clay-like passing. And it never fails to earn a comment whenever I'm caught in the compromising position of having my shirt rise up my back. Shaving is completely necessary whilst simultaneously absolutely ridiculous. It's not just the act of contorting yourself in-front of a mirror, its the ever-present awareness of the consequences of being walked-in on. Even if you live alone/have locked the doors/are in a steel bunker under ground on the moon. Every peripheral noise is someone about to turn the door handle.   And god-forbid you use the front facing camera on your phone as a mirror.. because you know you're going to be checking and double checking all night that you deleted that video (even though you didn't hit record) in case somehow someone gets to browse your gallery of personal bum-pampering-time vids.
1	It's because Sona gains nothing from having a large mana pool versus mana regen.  A champion like Karthus, Maokai or Anivia has an immediate and obvious benefit to having a large mana pool from their DoTs, and there are champions like Nidalee and Heimerdinger that require a super large mana pool because of low cooldowns and high costs.  Sona has neither high costs nor something that requires a mana drain, so why buy a tear on her?   You buy a tear to spam your abilities, which is half of the most effective way to play Sona in ARAM.  The reason you want to spam your abilities is to get powerchords (and later, Lich Bane proc'ing powerchords that deal 2/3 of a carry's health every 2 seconds) off as much as possible to do as much poke as possible (and to heal) - you want to get into a rhythm of something like e - w - q - powerchord over and over.  A tear is actually counterintuitive to this because it doesn't give you enough mana regen and it doesn't significantly increase your pool size early - and even if it did, the mana regen problem is an issue late game.   Enter the chalice in the other corner, however.  After level 6 or so, the chalice lets you spam your skills with almost perfect impunity to your mana bar.  At the beginning of the game, chalice gives you ~100% increased mana regen as Sona (because you'll be near the end of your mana bar most of the time until your first buy) by itself because of the Howling Abyss increased mana regeneration.  Once you go Athene's + Morellonomicon, you'll have both infinite mana and maximum CDR.  This is important because you can spam your Q/W indefinitely on maximum CDR and have powerchords/Lich Bane going all day.   For what it's worth, my ARAM build on Sona usually looks like this:  Chalice + Amp Tome + Faerie Charm -> MAYBE Morell (will rush the latter against another healer or a Mundo/Zac/etc.) -> Lich Bane -> Athene's -> Rabadons -> Morellonomicon.  I rarely get passed the Lich Bane and I've almost never got much further than the Rabadon's, because a Sona with a Lich Bane and Athene's and a Deathcap has no excuse to die, ever.  Tear just adds nothing to this, and a Lich Bane Sona is the best champion in ARAM.  A six item Sona in this style would look like: Lich Bane, Rabadon's, Morell, Athene's, Sorc Boots/Zhonya's/DFG, Void Staff.  I actually cannot imagine anything more terrifying than that six item Sona for an ARAM game.   Anyone who would tell you a build on ARAM for Sona without including a Lich Bane as  the  absolute most essential item has no idea how to play that champion.
1	Now see, I agree perfectly! Thank you! The thing with ranking is that it's knowledge vs. mechanics. You could know the perfect builds for every situation on every champ you play, but if you can't pull off a combo or CS or land a Final Spark, you won't go far. Same the opposite way, you could have godlike reflexes but be clueless as to what to build or do. The first kind of person could probably offer great advice, if not at least educational conversations, despite being Silver or so. The second person will shove complete BS ideas at the streamer and give lower-elo players a bad name. Ironically,  I find that really low-rank players (like level 12ish) are actually really nice, and don't flame, at least over on the NA servers.
1	Ok  cracks knuckles  I got this.  First of all your main goal is to aid your ADC in winning lanes through skirmishes or dis-engagements. This will be dependent on which support you choose to play.  For example strong skirmishers would be Leona or Thresh. Strong dis-engager would be Janna and Nami.   In my experience as a support main the last 3 seasons, the best way to contribute to your team overall is by grabbing items useful to your entire team, for example Locket, Sightstone, Vision Wards and Mikael's.   Another major way to contribute to your teams success as a support player is to have a strong team-fighting mentality. This mentality should be like a mental switch, and will be based on the current champion. For this example I will use my personal two most dominant support champions.   Scenario 1: I'm playing as a support Leona and we end up clashing with the enemy team as a 5v5 in mid. I instantly see the enemy ADC walking into position to start chucking out auto-attacks. As a Leona I will have two options: Chuck out an W-E-Q combo or throw out an initial R. My best bet will be to throw out an R if it can hit  AT LEAST  3 people, if not I will usually save it till about the middle of the fight to disrupt the enemy's flow in battle. Since throwing my R is not an option I opt to go for an W-E-Q combo straight onto the enemy ADC. Because of this combo the enemy team loses a major damage dealer. This gives a greater chance to my team to win the fight .   Scenario 2: I'm playing as a support Morgana and we end up clashing with the enemy team as a 5v5 in mid. Since Morgana does not have a more focus based kit like Leona I will be looking for a key moment to use my ult on a  MINIMUM  of 3 people. In the fight I will run into the middle of the team at the moment they are clumped up the most (You can flash for this if you deem it necessary.) and drop an R. Now in this moment you will likely be focused down which is why it is key to build a Zhonya's as fast as possible. If they don't focus you down it's because they are likely running away trying to evade your ultimate's stun. After that if the fight continues your mindset should be throwing out useful Q's to lockdown "Kitey" champions or plain out keep enemies off your damage dealers, as well as throwing out E's to keep loads of CC off your carries.   In either scenario a Mikael's would supplement either support, but some supports like Leona are too tank based to have room in their build for it. You can throw it in if you want it but otherwise it's usually advised against, as a frozen heart can usually be more beneficial for example.
1	Basically you're screwed. Because of both the gold advantage and the psychological toll.   Your best option is to try to focus on bringing one lane "back to his feet" so that they can start trying to help you. You should try to help a lane that has snowballing potential and the ability to roam well.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is SO good but his ult is too unreliable! But he would be so broken if his ult prioritized champions!" Still isn't played.   Now he needs a MS buff because he has no escapes? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, and Zyra would like to have a word with you.
0	However, in the northern hemisphere its often the case that houses in the east of a built up areas are in worse neighbourhoods. This is because the prevailing wind would (or does) bring air pollution from industrial plants in the centre and make the area undesirable and so more affordable for workers. Even in post industrial cities the trend is often for established poor areas to be in the east.
1	Her Q is spammy, but has unreliable targeting that makes it almost useless if you're ganking a lane early game and someone is among their minions, wasting mana while also not contributing to DPS. Her E is huge burst and defensive shreds, yeah, but it's got a cooldown that keeps it from being useful more than once in a typical trade. She has very bad base stats to compensate for the fact she can become invisible at will, but aside from the movespeed boost on her ult, she has no other innate gap closer. Doing well with Eve requires that you take advantage of low health enemies that are being a little too brave, but if they invest in an Oracles elixir or sight wards, they can see you coming and you lose what only advantage you had. Back when she still had her stun when attacking from stealth, that brief window you got was a very minor additional advantage that helped her get kills or assists easier, but that was removed.   Contributing to this, she benefits most from building AP despite being a melee ranged champion, so she's got to go toe-to-toe with whoever she's facing while having very low survivability. Building straight AP (and not getting fed enough to get, say, RoA, Lichbane and Deathcap) gives you some good burst, but then only against a single target at a time. She has next to no use in a teamfight, and if even one of the enemy has an Oracles (and they will), she becomes a liability instead unless everyone else simply accepts the idea of having nothing but 4v5s while Eve tries to clean up anyone weakened enough to be picked off.
1	I also tend to want to encourage others to be nice, like giving out more Honor, in hope to make people realize that it can make others happy to be appreciated and stuff.   But it can also not work. One game I wanted to play Heimerdinger jungle, so I called jungle. I knew killing creeps would take some time, but ganks would work great if I hit my E and I would be able to hold lanes if someone needs to b. I had Smite too, but another person still locked in Trundle with Smite. Well, I thought, maybe he didn't notice, okay, if we start off as two, then doing the jungle will be easier, so it can work out. But the Trundle kept on saying I am trolling and first thing he did was smite the blue buff before me. I thought, okay, gotta make him trust me. So we did our round and I gave him red. Then after the Golems I wanted to do the wraiths again, so I stayed under the golem walls. The Trundle then lured the golems norths, so I wasn't in range of them anymore. By that time, I was already screwed. Less exp, less gold, no blue buff.   Until the end, the Trundle always complained about me trolling, while he had screwed me. What made things worse was that I was on Team Speak with my friends and they also all flamed me, even though they should know I'm never trolling. The one playing Caitlyn switched lanes to not go 2v1, but still played too aggressive and lost against Shen. She never warded and kept on getting ganked by the enemy Lee. After the second death, she already said she just wants to leave the game, of course blaming me, since I 'trolled' and never ganked. As if I could gank without blue buff when I'm already behind so many levels. As if it was not her own fault for losing an easy lane, not adapting to being behind and not warding.   In the end we didn't do too bad, but the enemies were too fed. From what I can remember, my score and damage ended up better than at least Caitlyn's and Trundle's, not saying that the score and damage is everything of course. But of course, even in my friend's eyes, it was my fault, saying I should have just played Support Heimerdinger, since obviously if they believe jungle Heimerdinger does not work, then I should not play it. Because they say so.
1	There are reasons behind the banning of the champions you mentioned, well except Annie and Singed to some extent. And even though one can beat them in a straight 1v1 matchup with certain heroes, the problem is they will have overall more utility/power throughout the game than most of the other alternatives that you have for the same role, and therefore have better chances at winning lanes and/or games.   You can let a specific champion open if you know you can counter him and play accordingly. But if you just let a good champion open and lose because the other team first picked him, than maybe your bans choices were not adapted to the situation.
0	This isn't too surprising. [This link]( was posted on reddit about a month ago and essentially details how studies are saying severely homophobic people are actually self-phobic.
1	Not a Nasus main, but I think I can help a bit with it as I've got some friends that amined him a lot and played against the dog a lot of times.   I would personally recommend Urgot vs Nasus. You wreck him until levels 1-5, where you have to start playing a bit more careful (controlling minion positioning, timing his W and being aware of his ult and Q farm) and once he gets his ult he'll end up using it for trying to survive an EQQQ combo.   There are 2 ways that nasus will try to deal with you: 1) Still try to farm Q and max it, where it will probably become a free win for you or 2) he'll max E for pushing, getting some minions and farm Q in the jungle, where you will get free farm, and outscale him since he doesn't really have much to farm when the jungle is not his but still lets him become useful faster.   If you want more metalike solutions, I usually pick Lee Sin or Renekton for going all in early and snowballing for winning before Nasus becomes somehow strong. Other possibilities might be Vladimir (you're also weak early, but not like him and your range helps you to bully him since lvl1, even though you need a lot of warding to avoid early ganks) who scales pretty well into mid/late game (not as much as him, but you'll be stronger faster and bring up a lot of damage on teamfights while still being nearly as undying as him).   No matter what you do, don't push that fast his turret. Freeze the lane. Last hit and whenever he comes to take a single minion make sure he loses half his hp bar for it. Only push if you find out that your team needs you on teamfights, and still try to never let Nasus farm a single minion by going back to lane and freezing it when he's around.
1	I'm not saying that you can't build him ADC. I do run hybrid marks and get sorc shoes when I play him. My point is that he doesn't scale well with your standard ADC build. He doesn't scale well with crit and the AD passive on his E doesn't scale with attack speed at all. This is why if you want to actually go AD thresh you build magic pen and straight AD. Your first attack will do tons of damage, but the rest won't be all that impressive.   An actually good build on him would be something like BT -> sorc shoes -> zephyr -> wits end -> hurricane -> anything you want.
0	A swedish couple had rough sex with a signed consent contract, but he still got jail because her parents pushed for the arrest. The girl was 17yrs old while he was +25yrs.
1	As a 26yo father I admire your hobby, I don't know if I could juggle parenting and league, though I suppose il just have to step down my competitiveness.   And I like your point about WORKING.   We, as human beings (in capitalist economies anyway) work hard, and every penny we earn is a representation of that labor or ingenuity.   Riot works hard too. They develop content, which is the product we purchase with currency that represents our hard work.   So, as is the nature of money and labor in a free (enough) market, I am basically giving riot hours of my life, which I spent working very hard, to purchase a product which Riot also gave people currency to make. So riot is investing money in these employees and hoping their labor and ingenuity create a product which returns a profit on that investment.   This is basic economics. And I thin we all need to stop and realize that League of legends is both a HUGE investment monetarily for the owners, and also a MASSIVE return.   We directly control what kind of content we want because of this system. I'm not saying organize and boycot unless they make things better, but I am saying Capitalism is a democracy of currency, and if we cast our votes more in favor of better quality content Riot games will HAPPILY provide us with more like it because it makes them money, and money is the most important way the player base communicates with the devs.   So the next time you blow some RP on something you don't really want, or the next time you have an internal debate about wether or not to buy the skin you REALLY like but don't know if its worth it, understand that every penny, every riot point, not only exchanges your hard work for a (very worth it ImO) product, but that is also let's riot know, in a small way, that this kind of content needs more attention.
1	All i can say is dont focus too hard on winning your lane. I would recommend you to play maokai a lot for now, since his tps/engages are more reliable than sion. If you feel like you can win your lane without jungler interference then by all means go for it and look out for tps, since if the jungle is not ganking you he will probably gank mid/bot and you can countergank with tp. What you can try to do is if the enemy mid lane is immobile, just push out your lane fast(which is very easy with maokai) and go for a gank attempt on mid with your W. Do not hesitate to lose some cs sometimes to win a fight somewhere else. This is soloq a marginal cs lead of your top laner means nothing if you just killed 3 guys bot or the enemy mid laner. But the most important thing is, especially since you play tanks, is to actively think about which fight to take and what to do in the teamfight. Is it better to engage their backline? should you engage somebody in their frontline with W and back off to peel with Q? Cause in the end it all comes down to teamfights. Always go through scenarios, try to imagine where the enemys are and how they will want to fight. Constantly think about whether you hard engage and zone or peel.
0	Maybe. Suppose you're fighting against what you perceive as a corrupt police department in your city. They've got humvees and all sorts of military-grade vehicles in their vehicle pool.   The easiest thing for a police officer, or at least any group of authoritative people, in riot control, is to actually never have started a riot.   It's alot easier to be peaceful for most people, and I'm fairly certain that cops are people as well. Then you get the odd one that goes and fucks it up for everyone, and he gets taped and posted all over reddit.   People go "oh fucking cops need to stop being cops, man, they're so corrupt dae corrupt cops??" and what should have been a respectful aloofness turns into full retardation and quickly adds a lot of rage, hate, and suspicion in those humvees.
1	no, if you want to show respect and acknowledgement you can say "thanks for the game".   In a 4vs5 game or a game with an intentional feeder/game ruiner I would much much rather have the enemies say "bg" signifying bad game than "gg" signifying good game, we're talking about manners here. You cannot use a phrase like "good game" without it signifying just that, and it's disrespectful like hell to the enemy.
1	I honestly don't care what happens in my games anymore.  Sure it got annoying but once you realize that it is a game and that you only play to have fun then you don't care what other people do.  Sure it sucks when people afk and troll in ranked but you can't do anything about that.  Just report and move on.  In ranked I rarely get any trolls and when I do I can carry a 4v5 rather easily. But if I can't oh well I'll queue again.   Normals I don't care what happens in either.  Usually I'm playing to try out a champion before I bring them into ranked. I go into normals to have fun and mess around.  Just last night me and some friends played blitz alistar Leona tri lane roaming.  We didnt care the outcome of the game as long as we were having fun.  At the end of the game (we won). Both teams were telling us how funny that game was.
0	That's always been such an interesting thought in my mind. People talk like the other guy would have done everything right. There is no way to tell if he wouldn't have done the same or even been worse. Maybe just maybe the whole damn system is fucked up and needs a rework not one specific person regardless of rank.
1	are you talking about the new jungle items for next season or this season??   because if your talking about next season their arn't any snowball combinations. riot are increasing the difficulty of the jungle monsters so you HAVE to have a jungle item inorder to jungle, this locks off laners from taking farm from the jungle.   the buffs from the jungle items only compliment jungle playstyle's. they dont give the jungler's overpowered stats, if anything they can now give cost effective stats to the junglers because the items are locked to jungler's only and cant be abused by laners   IF EVERY JUNGLER GETS A BUFF NOONE DOES.   to give an example nunu gets quicksmite so he now farms like a god getting him ahead. lee sin gets the gank item and farms the enemy champions even more effectly, he gets ahead. shaco buys the counterjungle item, he now farms the enemy jungle faster then before and gets more gold, he gets ahead. nautilus buys the aoe smite item, his slower aoe jungle clear is now increased giving him more farm then before, he can now gank more often. basicly fills the one weakness tank junglers have, he gets ahead
1	The problem with that is Ahris ult and I believe her Deathfire Grasp was down at that time leaving turtle the only high DPS target. When he flashed in with xpecial he was focused to death and not even a charm would save him nor would the crescendo nocturne dive but that did end up ensuring the turtle could live long enough for the 2nd kill. Ahri also needed insurance from renekton in order to back out the situation or else they would give up all map pressure due to being aced. So it was right for dyrus to not follow into that engage and instead protect reginald. If regi had ult then maybe it would be cool to go ham. But crs cop wouldve had to die immediately from the burst from ahri.
0	both partners must work to provide for the family unit. If only one individual has a formal job then the informal tasks should be carried out by the other spouse e.g. cooking/cleaning/accounting/child care and so on.   not saying it should be all or nothing but the stay at home spouse should be the main contributor to the household tasks.
1	I think this is an interesting topic.  Whenever I have reviewed tribunal cases, I am always confused as to the extent that 'verbal abuse' and similar should be regarded. I also am unsure whether people review the cases in the same way as I do.   I check the exact reason that the person was reported for. If this happend to be 'intentional feeding' then I look at the stat and compare it to the rest of the time. If it is not obvious (1:2 or less ratio) then I review chat. More often then not, the person will literally right "Then I feed" etc. If the person writes this, along with spams of "lol see" etc. Then I will agree with the reporters that it was intentional feeding. They put themselves in that position. Although I believe others won't review in the same way, they will look at 4/7/3 and say "that isn't  intentional  feeding, just poor play.   Also I find it ambiguous as to what gets classed as 'verbal abuse'. I mean, obvious taboo slang is in there; but what about standard insults: "noob" "ur terrible" "wtf? u suck". Are these considered verbal abuse? If I look at it like my job, then I would say that any person found using such terms between peers in a manner not intended as light hearted is indeed abusing the person verbally. Should this standard be expected in a game? I'm torn. It's not an office, but it's also not a place I want to spend my time if it is allowed.   I think the result is that I think less about it and simple step away from the game for a while. :)
0	As someone who has a large inheritance that I didn't earn, honestly I'd much rather have worked hard and struggled for things I wanted. Yeah, it's a ridiculous thing to complain about, but it really saps a lot of humanity out of your life. It also helps you realize how fucked up certain things are, like certain charities paying their executives a ton of money. And you can't even give it away or you rob someone else of what you missed out on too.
1	There are flaws in this logic.   First off, you're picking an  entire team  to counter just  one  of their picks. If you're letting someone have that magnitude of dominance over you before the game even starts, you're in trouble already.   Cohesiveness is a big one as well - he's not easy to counter if what we'll say for the sake of argument does completely counter him (tanky dps team) is hard to get. It's one thing to say "Everyone just be tanky", it's another thing entirely to get everyone to do it - don't chase singed, stop towerdiving, focus on lasthits over harass: those are all extremely easy things to do, but you're not going to get your team to just do it.   Your suggested counter isn't necessarily a counter, either. There's a reason people pick squishy champs instead of 100% tanky champs, squishy champs actually deal decent damage. I've lost a good number of games because we've got Irelia and Morgana and Garen and there's basically no real damage output. It sounds good on paper to have 4 or 5 champs that can fend for themselves, but when teamfights start you get 0 kills with your initial burst and then their AD carry starts melting you.   And finally, Talon's just stupid powerful. Riot's acknowledged that he's OP and have more nerfs in store for him. No teams with Talon on them lost at IEM NY (small sample size, but still revealing), and he really does snowball hard if the enemy makes a mistake (which isn't hard, and even hard not to do at low Elo).
1	Problem is, I feel like I know HOW to improve, I am just inconsistent with my mechanics, bad at positioning with squishy characters, and lacking in overall experience.  In other words, the only thing that will make me better is a ton of practice, not more knowledge.  Also, when I look at my own replays I facepalm at my own dumb mistakes. I wish you could help me, but I think you could probably help someone else more.
1	This is like all of the people who said WoW would die over and over, every damn year.   It's now "dead" and still has multiple millions of people playing it.
1	Melee Champion" is too general a term. Lots of characters are melee but have differing roles. It's critical to understand the role your character brings to the fight   Yi, Tryndamere, Shaco, and Nocturne are all basically glass cannons that exist to murder the enemy DPS. Yi and Trynd, especially, are late game characters and should play cautiously until they finish their first core end-game item, such as InfEdge or Black Cleaver. When you play these guys, do not huddle in the middle of the rest of your team waiting for the teamfight to break out. You want to hit the enemy team from an unexpected angle a few seconds after the teamfight has begun and characters have blown CC's or Summoners. Then you get in, insta-murder one of their squishier characters, get out, and come back in again to mop up the leftovers.   Characters like Mundo, Sion, Renekton, Jarvan and Irelia can afford to play a more bare-knuckle brawl approach, as they all possess strong initiation and inherent survivability. Often times you WANT to draw the attention of the enemy team by simply blowing your cooldowns and charging in right behind your tank. Pick a dangerous character on the enemy team and get in their face. Stick to them like contact cement. Make the enemy team expend resources on you trying to get you out of their midst. Force the enemy carries to run or readjust or drop out of the fight. If you make the enemy Ashe turn and burn out of the fight, gratz, this is almost as good as killing her.
1	My advice (I finally made my way out of Silver yesterday) is: Get a duo-partner that is about your skill level. Use Skype for communication and start duo-queueing.   You both pick a role that you are good at, preferably Jungle and one of the bot roles. Then the one who jungles focusses on ganking top and mid. Because you stated, that you are above par, the bot lane should also win, which will hopefully lead to a win, if you play cautiously and don't throw. Btw: always make sure to get the first dragon, it is incredibly important!!!   Speaking from my personal experience, good characters for this tactic are Xin Zhao, Nasus and J4 as Junglers (all of them have strong ganks, can carry teams and especially Nasus can do solo dragon @ lvl 6 with his ult, just hand him a pink ward and he is gtg) and in this order Thresh, Blitzcrank (my mains now, their hooks can turn and decide games), Janna (the utility of her ult is AMAZING, also imo the best protector for your adc fellow), Leona (was my main @ the start of S3, her CC's can turn any fight @ bot, she synergises incredibly well with Twitch - his poison triggers your passive, Ashe - even more CC goodness+high early game burst and Ezreal - he will be uncatchable and can trigger your passive very easily).   My friend and I started with me in Silver 3 and him in Gold 3/4, now I'm close to Gold 4 and he will probably be in Platinum today or tomorrow. Our winrate when we play together is about 80% or more.
0	Well of course as a male i'm still mostly in the dark about female workings, but (bear in mind i'm talking about the four girls who cheated on me so am only talking of MY experiences) i've come to the conclusion that number 3 happens because those girls weren't 'sluts' so actually were decent girls, but developed a second interest. As cowardly it was to be dishonest etc, they subconsciously weren't capable of playing 2 people at once, so when the outside interest came along, they shut off to me and opened up to them. So in the end you almost get 'friendzoned' whilst in the facade of the relationship. Again subconsciously they feel bad for letting you see them naked because deep down they feel like the new interest wouldn't appreciate that; illogical as they are, they forget the fact they they committed to a relationship and shouldn't even be doing that, but as i said twice, the key word is subconscious. Sorry if that doesn't make sense..
0	I'm with you... About two years back I was at one company for 4 years, and transitioned between service, then sales, and then a couple of different IT roles. I thought it would pay off to be loyal to one company. I ended up learning quite a bit about that particular industry, and as far as inter-department communications were concerned, I was damn valuable for having many different areas of experience. I got offered a promotion within an IT role, with expanded responsibilities and an on-call schedule, but they didn't want to pay me an appropriate salary for that role. I was offered a compensation rate that was in the lowest 2% of the industry standard for my particular region and for the position in question. I explained how that was very unacceptable and that it was a pretty big insult to offer me such a negligible increase; but the employer used my starting pay as a reference point for some unintelligible reason.   I walked out... got phone calls asking to come back and then was re-hired as if nothing had ever happened for SLIGHTLY more than their initial offer (After having 3 days to think about it - walking out was a pretty ballsy and stupid decision on my part). Then about 2 months later, effortlessly got a job offer for $10k MORE than their highest offer after walking out. Unfortunately I was laid off from there about 2 weeks ago due to company restructuring. But... today I got a job offer today earning 2.5X what my first employer in this story (that I remained loyal to) offered me as their best offer.
0	I was raped as a child, then falsely accused of rape as an adult.   It's hard to describe the hell you go through trying to bring your abuser to court. The stigma applied to victims, especially males raped my males, can make you want to give up on life. My abuser never saw a court room and I was still dragged through the mud to such an extent that a "normal" adolescence was never even close to possible for me. I still think about it every day   Last year I had a one night stand with a girl at a party at my house. We cuddled for a while, I got her number then she left. After that her near blackout drunk friend came to my room and confronted me, asking where she was. When I said the girl left, her friend wouldn't believe me and called the cops saying that I raped the girl. I met the cops on my front poach, I didn't resist arrest and they still chipped a few of my teeth and nearly broke my nose when them smashed me against the wall of my house, then on the hood of their car. When the girl I allegedly "raped" showed up, she lied to defend her friend, fearing that she'd get in trouble for filling a false police report. An hour later she changed her story after she couldn't make up false details fast enough. I was released thankfully without charges being filed. But because my university has something like a zero tolerance policy for these accusations, I was suspended from classes and nearly expelled. Even my landlord tried to kick me out of my home. I had to fight to "prove my innocence" to not lose everything.
1	Im from Gold 2 on my main but I honestly think I could easily be in Plat but I just don't play on it alot. I smurf in lower ELO constantly and to be honest losses are very rare if you know what you are doing and how to play at low ELO. On one of my accounts, I dodged promotion series constantly on my low elo account just for fun because every game seems to be a stomp.
0	Enable pop support for your yahoo box, then tell your gmail account to go fetch email from it. It's in the gmail settings under accounts. Then start marking stuff as junk and soon gmail will step in and take care of things.
0	Boy a lot of people have similar situations on here. Two girls who were a bit older than me and terribly mean. One was always trying to be better than me and out do me and she was 4 years older than me! They were in high school and I was still in middle school at the time. They were in the same class as a close friend of mine, pretty much my big sister, and she is a super smart and high achieving/hard working pretty girl. So these two girls are the type that just want everyone to be at their level and pick on my big sis a lot. To the point where they "clean out" her locker saying a teacher told them to clean all the lockers and threw away her important records (This is prior to computers being used for this so she lost everything she would need for some national honors she had been working on for 3 years).   SO one girl is driving her big ass pickup and plows into a power poll on a country road and dies. Right after the shit they did to my big sis. Other girl is devastated. But did she change her ways? No! Everyone still mourns this girl nearly 10 years later. My big sis went on to bigger better things, has a great job, same for me. The girl and I volunteer in the same youth organization and all she does is argue with me at board meetings. Like you bring up an idea or make and announcement and she sits there looking all sulky and starts bitching. Sometimes I wish she had also been in that truck.......   But then another girl who the same group plus others bullied from elementary school forward committed suicide junior year (she was younger than them also and a year older than me) and all they do is say oh you left us too early, why would you do this? and talk about what a profound event this was in their lives. But they don't get that they pushed her to it and now they act like they were her best friends and she devastated them... and this was when myspace was pretty new so cyber bullying really hadn't caught on yet, imagine if what it would be like now.
0	That defense only works if they can prove it was during the course of employment. This would assume that OP had knowledge they would file said claim, and not act as an independent party. Also, the employees actions were not a result of the employer, as the employer is not required to notify the employee of all actions taken. The employees actions were a result of their own previous actions. If the employee had been awake and doing his job, he would have realized the drawer was emptied by the owner.
1	I'm Platinum 1 with 98 points at the moment, if you are good with Twisted Fate you can play midlane. But he is definetly still good at the moment, most people just dont realize it, I really have passion for this champion and  his roams carry teams easily if used right.
1	WASD is the standard for PC gaming, right? you're ring finger is (it better be) on A in that situation with your index on D, it only makes sense to move them up one space to be on par with your middle finger so it'll be QWE instead of AWD.
1	It isn't exactly wholly objective either - it works under a decent number of assumptions, and the way he presents the data is somewhat misleading at times.   For example, when he is calculating the graph for the hybrid damage he assumes a perfect split between damage types (which will almost never happen and thus skew the graph), he assumes that your AR and MR will always be identical (basically never true), and his definition of effective HP isn't really robust enough to adequately describe the case where you have hybrid damage that isn't perfectly split and resistances that aren't evenly split either. He also doesn't account for penetration whatsoever - he mentions it and that it then makes it useful to overshoot resistances but provides zero information on by how much and how drastically this affects the sweet spot.   It certainly gives a lot of useful information, but I think it's pretty disingenuous for him to present it in the manner that he does in the
0	I may have just been lucky, but when I was a TA I knew of a number of professors who would help out a student in some way who would come to them with their problem in a respectful way on their own. An example of this was an upper level archaeological theory course. The material was dense, and the exam even denser. Sit and write for an hour. I had another exam immediately following across campus. While she let people stay late to finish I was unable too. I only answered 3 of the 5 questions. Poorly too, I thought.   I went to her office and explained to her the situation the next day. I ended up with a 90% of the exam. It was a small class. Maybe 12 people. I received the highest grade on that exam. I was a bit embarrassed.   Similarly, I remember grading papers with another TA and the professor of one of those massive 100 level intro to cultural anthropology courses.  If the student had good attendance or had come and seen her in her office hours your 89.5 would become and A, but if not your 59.5 would stay an F.
1	If you gave a free champion at level 1, people would make smurfs just to test out new champions, so level 1 is definitely out. Maybe after playing through the tutorial or getting to level 5. After all, people shouldn't even have an opinion on what champion to play until they've played some games. Free week champs are a good a place to start as any, especially since they purposely try to place more easily learnable champs in the rotation on average.   Some people have also mentioned that there's a listed "difficulty" for each champion, but most new players probably wouldn't notice that or would ignore that, and just pick the champion with the splash art they like the best since they know nothing about the game beyond that. Just look at OP's post; a new player playing Twitch would get mauled beyond belief.   From a business standpoint, it wouldn't be terrible. It would be great encouragement for new players to play up to XX level, since I'm guessing that low levels where smurfs and trolls are rampant are the most difficult to keep players through. Perhaps make 6300, maybe even 4800 champions off-limit to this rule to prevent a few extreme smurfs who want to try really expensive champs, but mainly so they don't lose out on too much RP spending possibility.
0	While I cannot comment on accuracy of your guess, as my evidence is purely anecdotal, I disagree. I am pro-life, but I believe it is an individual's right to choose what they do with their own body.   My girlfriend and I became pregnant with our first child three months into dating and half-way through college: we conceived literally the first and only time we did not use protection. We had no income, no house/apartment, and were amassing student debt. At the time, I was living off of my savings from having worked two jobs prior, and had an older car that I had purchased in high-school; suffice it to say that my savings were not enough for us to live off of. The only thing that we had in our favor was that we had discussed, prior to having sex, that we would not consider abortion an option - although I did tell her that I would support her decision (in the event she had a last minute change of heart). Today, we've been happily married for two years; our daughter is turning three soon. We also have a son who will be turning one. He decided to join us to show that appropriate use of condoms (no rips) and the pill (Erinn?) could still be beaten with some luck. My wife wanted me to add that she thinks the pill was influenced by some medication she took around the time of conception (despite the doctor assuring us it wouldn't). Our families have been extremely supportive, and we're doing well.   Of the two other women I know who were pro-life and became pregnant:   K was in her freshman year of college when she became pregnant; she was in a worse financial situation than we were (and with a bastard of an ex-bf who curtly informed her he didn't want anything to do with K or the baby). Without any real support, she had an abortion (claims that it came out as a soupy mess while she was in the tub). As a Catholic, it really hit her hard. Two years later, she ended up getting pregnant by her now-husband; her prior experience resulted in them keeping the baby. They're doing well and have two children.   M is also Catholic and is currently pregnant; she's a recovering addict with mental health issues who has been plagued by abusive boyfriends. Realistically, she cannot care for her child in any way/shape/form, and it's likely that without the support of her current boyfriend, the child would be put in protective services/adopted out. She's had a couple of late-term miscarriages and is intent on cleaning up her act (and relationships) to be a good mother. She's currently in the hospital undergoing voluntary rehab to ween herself off of her prescription medication (for mental health issues); the boyfriend is a recovered addict who has been sober for over a decade (and is fiercely anti-drug). He isn't financially stable, but seems emotionally ready as he's a widower (prior wife/child died in labor). As my wife is her best friend, she's trying to keep her emotionally stable; we hope it works out for them.   As I said earlier, these three examples are purely anecdotal: I listed them only to demonstrate that it is possible to be pro-life in a hard situation. I'm positive that I know women who have had abortions but have kept it a personal matter. In the end, I fully understand how  aggravating it is to watch people force their views upon others - especially when it contradicts that person's freedoms.
0	I live in the UK, so I can only imagine how fucking stupid this shit is. It serves my point though - Trade Unions are utter fucking bullshit.   They're out of date, not fit for purpose, obstructionist assburgers who love nothing more than to get in the way of development and hide under the banner of 'standing up for the little guy' when in fact they're run by even fucking worse tyrants than the companies they oppose.   And what sort of bullshit system of apportioning holiday is that?! "You've not been bothered to try and find a better job or you're not aspirational enough, so HERE, get whatever the fuck you want in return with union blessing". Fuck that.   Good luck with your wedding, enjoy it!
1	If you want Goth Annie go get Goth annie she's in the store under bundles. Your argument that they should release retired/locked skins begs the question of "Should they release skins they said they were going to retire and lock" The answer is no. in my opinion if you could do without the skin when it was released you can do without it now. To those who weren't playing; you are simply facing the consequence of being late to the party. All games have "Rare Items" Riot has found a neat way to create their own without making the game P2W. Releasing all of their "Rare" skins would basically tell everyone that their word is not good for anything as they are willing to go against their word.
0	Heh, all depends on what you're buying.  Bought a phone off of someone when it was brand new, met in a mcdonalds downtown, nicer part of town during the day, all went nice and smooth.   Bought some rims and 33" mud tires off some guy by the docks at night at a STEEP discount.  Now that was some sketchy shit.  Deal ended up going down smoothly and I got my rims, but lets just say everyone knew everyone was carrying a pistol by the time the transaction was complete.
1	Does not make a whole lot of sense since it says we won the first match. We have to play round 2 by the 15th of july, which I in my good intentions was trying to setup. However on the brackets it goes as far as round 4, which shouldn't have been played before the 20th.
0	After subscribing for months, I disagree about r/mensrights being 'open, polite, and kind', as well as it being about trying to achieve equality.   I'm not a feminist, but I am female.  I joined because I really do believe that everyone should be equal, and I wanted to observe the conversations to ensure that I'm not unintentionally contributing to inequality. I joined hoping to learn, and left fed up with reading senseless woman-bashing.   I get annoyed when I see a woman twist something to make it look like it is intentionally diminishing the role of women, and I get equally annoyed when I see a man do the opposite.   My experience with r/mensrights was that it is a place where men who have made crappy choices come together to blame women for the consequences of their actions, sprinkled with a couple of people who actually seem to be interested in finding equality.  I suspect r/feminism may be the female version of what I found in /r/mensrights, based on the comments I've read on reddit, but I've never actually gone to find out first hand. I did not encounter openness, kindness or politeness.  I did read far too many "you suck, no you suck" conversations between the radical feminist 'trolls' and the guys on the subreddit, so I suppose the fact that the feminist comments aren't removed could be considered open...
1	So to all who say that this is a post is just a fake thread etc. We have a lot of time for this homework and our teacher knows that a lot of us go to Dreamhack, Gamescom etc. He asked us if we know some Pro Players and a friend told him that he knows some Counter Strike pros. Our teacher told him if there is a possible way that he interviews them and ask questions about their life and so on. He said yes and another guy said that he could ask someone from Razer about the sponsoring thing etc. And the teacher said that he would be amazed if everybody is able to do such an interview and we all replied yes ( Girls said no :( ).
0	So what you're saying is that you're expecting a reward?](  [You're not "friendly" because you want them to be your friend.](  [You're "friendly" because you expect them to fuck you in return.](   [Do you also expect your guy friends to fondle your balls in return for being their friend?](   >["and it doesn't really feel like they view you as a person. just some sort of source for them to have someone to talk to."](   [It means that they view you as a "friend", a concept you're obviously not familiar with.](   [
1	We don't know yet but what we do know is that lemonhas said stuff like this before. Lemon used to be known as a twitter troll, often saying that previous or current pros would be joining a team; even though they weren't. Lemon didn't know if the people he said were  joining or not, he only said they were to troll the community and spark up threads like this.
0	This is nearly impossible.  First, most bank tellers see enough cash to spot obvious counterfeits and many banks have pens or black lights to help.  A typical branch might see 10-20 fake bills over the course of the year almost always one at a time and usually from merchant accounts.  Next, this would have gone out as 30 $100 bills and few bank tellers will have $3000 in hundreds in their own drawer, so the money would have come from the "day safe" or main vault.  The day safe (and some main safes) are counted out daily, so bundles of hundreds might get machine counted multiple times before going out to a customer.  The portable machines found at a branch are extremely accurate.  To ensure accuracy, most banks will be under contract for bi-annual service on the currency counters.  A branch might go years between seeing a single missed counterfeit bill.  Lastly, most branches are net consumers of large bills--branches take in small bills ($1-20) from customers and pay out large bills ($50 & $100) to customers.  Small bills get shipped out to a central vault and large bills are shipped in.  At the central vault the accuracy of machine counts jumps up a notch.  It's unheard of for a central vault to ship out counterfeit bills.   The only conceivable way for this to occur is for the teller to take in $3000 or more from some random transaction.  To avoid detection, the mythical counterfeiter probably wouldn't be an account holder.  This in itself is unlikely as some banks simply won't do business without an account.  Even among banks who do work with non-account holders, the mythical counterfeiter would face far greater scrutiny being a non-account holder.  Next, the teller would have to miss the counterfeits--not just a single bill, but 30+ of them.  Then, the teller would have to hold onto the fake bills without sending them to the day vault.  Tellers are strictly limited in the amount of cash they can hold.  A sudden influx of cash would likely trigger a transfer to the day vault and another count by a more experienced employee or a deposit in an automated locker with a machine count.  Lastly, the teller would have to hold onto all these fake bills without distributing them to anyone else, just waiting to spring them on the unsuspecting OP.
0	Taking antidepressants can really fuck with you. I wouldn't recommend them ever. They only work if you find the right one for you and if you don't they make you feel worse. I've been on 4 different medications trying to control my depression. Eventually I just stopped and felt 1,000 times better and didn't want to kill myself anymore.
1	I'ma give you the rundown that I did on another thread a while back.   First off; Rylai's gives +80 Ability power, +500 HP, and a 35% slow (Only 15% on multi-target damage), and it costs 3105g.   Now then, champions like Katarina and Akali (the two I see Rylais with the most) are both snowball heroes. They have to get kills early and itemize effectively to properly snowball and scale into lategame.   Buying Rylai's as a 2nd item is not cost-efficient, especially on new Kat, because you pay 3105g for only +80 damage. Your whole objective is to do damage. The slow is almost unnoticeable on 3/4 of Kat's abilities (AoE).   Now Abyssal, costs 2650g offers +70 damage. You spend less money on equal damage because +70 damage + the passive. Another item is Zhonya's, which gives +100 damage. You get +20 more damage and a ridiculously strong passive for LESS gold.   Honestly, the best Kat build (I've found so far) would be Gunblade > Rabadon's > GA > Abyssal > Void Staff with Sorc Shoes sometime early on. You get tankiness, and the passive proc from GA, both of which you need because you're melee with most of your damage coming from melee range spells.   I know scarra goes Gunblade > Abyssal almost every game, but it's really a matter of opinion.
0	Growing up I had been spanked over the course of 4 or 5 years because I did this or that. Nothing too bad. Picking on a sibling, not cleaning my room, etc. Basically stuff I'm sure most adolescent boys did. My parents were high school graduates I'm sure doing the best they could. Things seemed ok though.   I graduated high school as valedictorian with a 4.0, got into a good college and landed a decent job making good money. I knew getting an education and surviving on my own was the only way to get up and out so I left home for the last time when I went to college. I'm now in my early 30's and have accomplished a lot of what I wanted. Beautiful loving wife, loving kids, house, paid cars, solid degree, and steady income. After evaluating my life's personal/professional relationships and career trajectory I started to realized how spanking has affected my life.   I have very deep and intense disdain for authority and/or people who try to tell me what to do and how to do it. I lose respect for people who have any type of control/power over me in some way and I perceive as being or doing something the wrong way. There is no limit to the type of person these feelings apply to with a brief list including loved ones, coworkers, and especially supervisors.   The pace at which the feeling of contempt permeates my personal and professional relationships is slow but sure. I believe this is why my relationships seem to wither and I haven't held a job for more than 2.5 years for one reason or another. For a long time I was more respectful to strangers than to my own family.   If I felt pressured enough or in some way wronged/disrespected, I would rather self destruct to regain power than give in or "lose". During one specific spanking incident, when I was about 10, I very clearly remember looking into my father's eyes with a level of hate I haven't known before or since. I wanted to tell him, "You'd better kill me soon because when I'm older and you're an old man I will come looking for you."   For too long I've used the I'll-Burn-This-Bitch-Down-Before-I-Lose strategy. I wasn't aware of this for a long time; hell it even felt good. Every day I have to challenge the way I see people and situations. What feels like the right way to deal with situations isn't. I believe the strategy of gaining power/results through force or coercion works in life or death situations, when you're  doing everything you can to stay alive, but not in the long run.   In the long run the use of force will ultimately kill what you are trying to save. My parents wanted order and compliance but I have routinely sabotaged my own life to avoid it. They wanted me to respect the rules but now I hate rules, and unfortunately laws, I don't agree with. They wanted me to be nicer, but I have been more mean to them and siblings than anyone else I've ever met.
0	Jehovah's Witnesses don't even celebrate birthdays. In high school, a girl in our Ensemble was JW. When anyone's birthday happened to fall on a school day, we'd sing happy birthday for them with piano, harmony, etc. Sure enough, this girl's birthday came and as soon as the piano started, she started freaking out "No, guys! Don't!" We thought she was just being coy (as we didn't know she was JW), and kept going. She started crying immediately and ran out of the room.
0	I was a fairly hardcore motorbike rider for 15 years (daily riding - rain, hail or shine), I used stock pipes without incident.  I would say having stock pipes made me make less assumptions about people knowing I was near them.  I think it made me safer because I was more careful knowing they may not have heard me.   It is rarely the passive safety like exhaust sounds that stop accidents, usually the people that are a danger to you have their head so far up their arse they won't notice exhaust sounds.    I actually think passive safety lulls riders into a false sense of security.   It is always the active safety that matters - the things YOU do - I think road positioning (and proximity) is the single most important safety skill to learn.   The next thing to learn is taking the maximum reasonable responsibility with a view to self improvement (a pet peeve of mine when I listen to some motorcyclists talk about cage drivers).  If you get cut off, sure the driver screwed up and technically it is their fault.  However, if you could have predicted that he might cut you off - then it's entirely your fault for allowing the predicted event to occur.  What good is being technically correct and righteous if you are doing it from a wheelchair.  You should be taking defensive positions as soon as you anticipate anything.  You should be like a karate instructor blocking a second rate attack from a brown belt - if you get hit you suck at karate, get better.   Too many times I see motorcyclists with a victim mentality - doing stupid shit like riding in car's blind spots and then getting angry when a cage driver doesn't do a head check before changing lanes.  The rider should have predicted that situation could occur so he should take full responsibility for allowing it to eventuate instead of removing himself from the situation.   I would say about 1 in every 50 motorcyclists I saw on the road was doing road positioning/proximity properly.  I even considered making a website to teach people how to do it - never got around to it in the end.   OOPS - rambling brain dump..
0	I went through grade school allergic to both Nuts and Chocolate. Valentines and Birthday parties sucked, but you know what? I'm here; I lived through it. Just because I'm allergic to something doesn't mean the next kid has to miss out on his favorite treat on his birthday. Not only that, but I also learned how to identify such things much easier since I saw them and smelled them very frequently, and now that I'm on my own and don't have my parents to hold my hand, I've been able to go allergic-reaction free because I can identify the shit I can't have.
1	Mystic Shot does not count as a spell. It applies on hit affects but not spell effects.   For example you can not benefit from spell vamp and life steal from mystic shot. Only the life steal is applied.   Teemo and Kayles e both empower auto atacks with a spell, so its not comparable to mystic shot. Mysitc shot and parrley are pretty unique in this because they are spells that apply on hit effects, not a spell effect on hit.
0	Xpost comment from a previous thread)   There was actually a very distinct reason for this (especially in NA). Back in the 90's and even early 2000s there was virtually a polar shift in the way society (parents especially) saw potential careers and futures for the young. With the advent of the internet and digital technology industry exploding, the future was seen in careers with degrees.   Rewind back to our parents generation and things were the other way around. Back in elementary and high school I can remember many of my peers parents being involved in some kind of trade (that was what men did), HVAC, plumbers, mechanics, construction, millwrights, millworkers, longshoremen, etc. You could get a good job without even having a HS diploma. The amount of older generation I meet who know how to weld (just as a hobby/ side skill) compared to now is astonishing. A trade was a fairly well paying stable way to eke a living, but it was never considered easy work.   On the other hand many parents wanted a better life for their children, not work as hard physically, or as long (even schools pushed for it). With the advent of the technological boom the growing demand for educated individuals with degrees increased dramatically. This offered parents "an out" for their kids, and as such a large percentage pushed them into going to universities for a degree, ANY degree (back in their day companies paid out the ass for Uni graduates with a wholly unrelated study because they were so short handed). And for a time, it worked. The next generation was getting decent paying comfortable white collar office/lab jobs. But, the pushing never stopped. Companies now had the ability to begin selecting overqualified individuals for low paying mundane positions. This is the reason you hear about people with degrees working at Starbucks.   This over embellishment on having a degree has also left a huge gap in the job market: dying skilled trades. The huge problem stems from reaching the point where the old generation was beginning to retire with lack of new workers flowing into the industries. Trades have since become desperate, scrambling for hands to fill positions; they pay high starting wages (I know people getting paid more just starting than most grads do with experience), covering apprenticeship and tuition cost, taking people with little to no experience in the field of study (sound familiar?). It had gotten so bad (and getting worse) Federal governments were posting flyers/ads and commercials urging people to learn skills, even offering grants and incentives (they still do).   This is what happens when an industry/technology booms to fast, and there is lack of a sense of balance. Even with the best of intentions it can create a lot of problems very quickly
0	Actually no this a separate crime, crimes are committed at specific times and places and you are charged for that specific crime at that specific time and specific place. If the double jeopardy law was applied in this manner you could in fact rob the same people twice, arson the same building twice, and bomb the same place twice and not be convicted of the crime the second time. The only real application here is in the case of murder which it makes sense, since you can not murder the same person twice as far as we know no one gets to live twice(except James Bond.)   However, a case could definitely be made that witness' credibility would be significantly impacted after a false accusation has been proven. So while the man who was falsely accused of said rape may not attempt to complete the act for which he was previously accused, as an act of vengeance or what not, other men would prone to such behaviour would see it as a "get out of jail free card" so to speak since, if they commit rape all their lawyer needs to say is, they lied before so they are lying now, probable cause and without substantial evidence and witness corroboration to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.   Women who falsely accuse men of rape and are found out, are now huge targets of uncaught rapists and should really think twice before committing such an act. There is such a thing as the boy who cried wolf as far as a jury is concerned.
0	Very few single metrics are a good indicators of health by themselves, statistically derived or not. That doesn't mean it's not a valuable metric. The SATs don't tell the story of exactly what you know or how smart you are, but it provides an indication of how much knowledge you've picked up through school and life so far, and sums it up in a number that's easy to put in a statistical context, and provides a method for comparison.   For someone who's been overweight or obese their entire (adult) life, there's not much of a baseline of being what "not overweight" is. Especially in combination with having lived in denial for a long time, and developing a skewed body image. BMI helps with anchoring something in the statistically normal. And in my personal experience, there are few things  most overweight or obese people want more than being normal (aside from bacon cheeseburgers).   Also, overweight in itself as a statistical definition doesn't speak about fat. If you are 6' and 280lbs with a 9% body fat, you are still by definition statistically overweight. Because you weigh more than the average person of the same height. Saying BMI is a poor gauge of anything because it's obviously wrong for the athlete minority who already have way more accurate factors to determine their health and how in shape they are - well, duh. It was never meant to be a catch-all single numerical value on health without any deviations or outliers. Actually quite the opposite. The only people who usually hear about BMI from their doctors, are usually those that are far away from the top of the bell curve - to either side.   I used BMI to provide goals/milestones when I lost weight. Not as medical truth. What tells me I'm in pretty decent shape now is the combination of my much lower resting heart rate, my blood pressure, my above average VO2Max, my "normal" range body fat, my exercise results, my complexion, what size clothes that fit me, the amount of energy i have and so on. It's a combination of a lot of information that provides the full picture.   BMI is just a statistical approximation, but it definitely holds great value for someone who's struggling with getting rid of a lot of fat and trying to get healthy.
1	Everyone says Shaco is weak, but in solo queue, he's actually insanely strong. He's great in the jungle, fine with clearing and fucking awesome against counterjungling (or countering himself). He gets away from damn near anything. His ganks are really strong, and do good stuff for your lanes.   One thing I've noticed from playing him, is that people just act like he's any other ganker, so you get serious damage on them, and often times a kill. You can then snowball that lane, but it doesn't stop there. For some reason, people just assume that you're going to be the problem, so they start focusing you, which leaves your now-fed laners to destroy them in teamfights while you ult and lololDeceive away.
0	I have an LA Fitness down the road. Shortly after I moved into my house, I realised the gym here closes at 5, so I went down to LAF to get a subscription. About a month and a half later I was hit by a car, and cracked my shoulder and injured my leg, so there was no real possibility of working out in my near future, so I called LAF and told them the situation. The person on the other end told me that instead of canceling, I could "suspend" my account, and pay $10 a month to keep it open until I'm ready to start going back, which seemed like an ok deal. Two months later I was still getting billed the full amount, at which point my card on file expired, and I thought maybe that would be that. Within a week of my next payment being "due" I was getting called five times a day by their billing department, and when I explained the situation to them they basically told me they wouldn't stop until I paid them more than twice my monthly payments, despite my having a deposit on file with them. It took threats of a lawsuit to get them to stop harassing me, and even then it was only when I presented proof that they were supposed to have suspended my account that they backed down.
1	While I agree that it is nice that c9 are very composed, I think trash talk and bashing other times creates a lot of hype around games and around league in general. It's one of the reasons that imo NA is more interesting to watch than EU cause there's so much more hype around NA games often created by the bashing/trash talking. I also feel that in the end trash talking can only damage your play on the rift.
0	That's because one of the elements for creating an easement or adverse possession of someone's property is that the "taking" is "hostile" and essentially against the owners wishes.  So if your wishes are to let them use it, you destroy the hostile element.
1	Piglet? Piglet sucks dick nowaday. I had my doubts about Impact but seeing his and Fakers performance against White Shield, I'm convinced he still has some drive to continually improve. Piglet is just abysmal, unable to carry a lead into a successful win with his team, and even more unable to get back from a deficit.
1	OH GOD  after 4 games i have never fell behind in jungle with no xp runes neither with masteries. I tried Lee, Ram, Gp and Skarner.   Jungle is much easier now and i like that the olny thing i miss is counterjungling which seems to be less painful for the enemy (expect maybe when you steal the enemy buff).  Ganks require some more thought i agree but again i like that. I was always a jungler who was ganking when either it was neccesary or the enemy was a free kill pushing like a moron. In other cases i was just focusing on "attacking" enemy jungler. And as i said i will miss it  Also i will miss the feeling of awesomeness when i was i my jungle till i had ~3k and then returning to base. Now it seems much easier to sustain yourself.
1	I love TSM but they are going to have have a top carry to have international success. Faker has Marin Cool has gogoing Bjergsen has Dyrus? I think dyrus has what it takes to win NA, but he dies way to much for his team in laning phase and when TSM can't get anything on the otherside of the map like how SKT and other good teams will stop them from doing so.
1	Your friend is missing what makes diana so strong.  Bear with me, I'm not attacking you or your friend, just ask him to give this a try sometime.   Diana is a melee assassin who is great at creating a fight because of her mobility and her e.  Your friend is building roa because he thinks he needs to be tankier when he goes in and does this.  Hes right, but hes going about it the wrong way.  Because Diana has a spammable shield that scales off ap, resists give her more effective hp than getting more health.  Therefore, a common build on diana is abyssal into zhonyas.  This lets you go in, do some damage and get your e off and then zhonyas until your team follows up.  You'll survive and you'll be tanky enough to not get one shot going in.   As you get more ap, that shield will get even bigger making your resists benefit you even more.  Think riven's shield, you don't see good riven players going frozen mallet, they go ga and use their shield and mobility to be tanky.
1	Jax is broken as fuck. He beats everyone in lane with the exception of Malphite (There might be some unknown counters that people dont use, enlighten me please.). And against malphite it's actually possible to do good aswell.   I would like to see a nerf on his ulti 3rd strike damage, it is simply too high :(
1	This may sound silly but i think it is the best way to get your Elo up. Play support, nothing but support, why? Becuase then your map awarness will increase by enourmous amounts and try not to rage at people. You will end up with retard ad's who make your life miserable but just suck it up, try to ping/ward for the others in your team. After a while with playing support you should move on to your favorite position and with all the things you have learned about awarness will help you win most of the time.
0	We use to do this thing in high-school called "striking a lift".  It is when you walk up to your friend and flick up their nipple through their shirt with your index finger knuckle.  It got pretty serious because between classes, dudes would strike you JUST as you were about to walk by.  By then you couldn't get them back because the congested halls would protect them.   Well, I almost did this to a female friend during the peak of the Lift Wars.  It was just total reaction.  She tried to playfully poke my side as we walked by in the hall way and out of sheer reaction I reached in for the kill.  Thankfully, as my knuckle was in transit to lift her nipple I quickly moved up and poked her nose.  It was awkward as fuck for me cause I knew what almost happened but she didn't notice a thing.
1	shes an AD Caster she uses abilities to do serious damage, so you stack damage and armour pen (BC LW BT) and then take defensive items (Warmogs + Randuins/GA/whatever).   I feel as if what you're saying here is proving DL's point. He is saying that ADCs will no longer exist as they are now. If ADCs become AD Casters/Tanky-DPS champions rather than the glass-cannon champions they are now, ADCs will no longer be played. Draven excels are snowballing the game early, and while his damage does scale very well nito late-game, why play him over Kog'maw, who has superior range and % HP damage. Why play Ashe when you can just play a Graves and pick another champion with strong iniation. In ou For pro players, there is very little incentive to actually innovate. Why would they take risks when they can just play what works. As a theorycrafter, you need to play what you think will work well. Being a theorycrafter is a thankless job, no one is going to pat you on the back when everyone else is doing what you were doing 6 months ago. However, those people are the innovators, they keep the game fresh and constantly change the meta.
1	I don't know if I'm the only one, but I'll give it a try anyway : What I would love is to see the Ashe/Nocturne example in a slow-motion video in which I can see  exactly  what mouse buttons and hotkeys you press in a kiting situation. Something like a little schema of a mouse and of the hotkeys used, and they become red when you press them or something.  That way  I think I might start using attack move, but with all the videos and texts I've read about it, I still can't get used to it.
1	I think supports can make or break a game. They're amazing play callers because they have more freedom to look at the mini map and strategize. I think you're a good "filler" player if that makes sense. You don't mess up, and if you do you own up to it. And that's good. But what makes someone advance is based on knowing when to make play calls about pushing lanes, taking objectives, and understanding champions (and the limitations of their lane partner).   I think knowing cooldowns of most champions is important, how to bait out certain skills, and knowing when to disengage. If support is your favourite role, I recommend trying out playing a few ADC in normals just to get a better feel of what it's like from the other champion's perspective? Or watch streams to understand the mindset of other pro support players. Or record your own games and critique yourself on what you can do better.
1	I see a lot of people commenting that "AD Fizz is good though, it's more fun than AP assassin Fizz," etc. etc. This frustrates me quite a bit. Yes, Fizz is fun with this build. I think AD Fizz should definitely remain a viable build path. However, he should not remain in this state seeing as the core concept behind Fizz is an AP Assassin. Riot should ultimately revert Fizz back to this overall play style of being an AP Burst Assassin, albeit with counter play. Q needs to be buffed back a bit, with W being changed around a bit maybe? To those saying that AP Fizz is still viable, I heavily disagree. His team fighting presence is negligible, laning is awful, and he overall feels weak as an AP champion. As it currently stands, AP Fizz is just essentially a Tier 2, AP Zed. Hell, he's not even as fun as Zed anymore. He can't escape as well as Zed, have a good of a laning phase as Zed, his ultimate is a skill shot while zed"s is a point and click, and he feels like he lacks the damage.
0	Loads of people are talking about the form for the exercises and how it's bad. I've had a personal trainer before and I've recently just started crossfit myself and the coaches at my gym are very persistent about form. You're required to do a 2 day intro session before you start any classes so they can run through the form you need for all the exercises properly and then before each class the coaches goes through the form for the WOD exercises again, even if there are no newbies in the class and they're also constantly correcting peoples form during the exercises too.   Getting a bad crossfit coach is just as bad as getting a bad personal trainer and neither job requires that you be educated in your field and even the educated ones aren't guaranteed to be good.
0	I think you're being quick to judge here. Your sentiment is true, in regards to the music industry at large, but Taylor Swift is the exception. I went through her songs and looked at the songwriting credits. She is credited on every song, and often times is given go-authorship. HOWEVER, she is the sole writer for many songs, and many songs were a collaboration with writer Liz Rose, with whom she seemed to have a long-standing writing relationship. Here's the breakdown for her first two albums:     Taylor Swift: 10   Swift + Rose: 9   Swift+someone else: 5     On her third album she is credited as the sole writer for every track, which adds another 14 songs to her count. Of albums released to date, Swft is the sole songwriter on 63% of them.   Looking at top ten singles from her first two albums:     Swift: 4   Swift + Rose: 5   Swift + Someone else: 1     Looking at #1 singles from the first two albums:     Swift: 3 (Our Song, Should've Said No, Love Story)   Swift+Rose: 1 (You Belong With Me)     Her latest album (written only by Swift herself) has two #1 singles, 2 #2 singles, a #3, and one that failed to chart. This is a better showing than her previous albums.
0	I kind of agree with this. Except take gender out of it. If there is a stay at home partner and a working partner yes I do think the stay at home partner should do a larger portion of the household daily chores but I still think the outside the house working partner should contribute to household chores even if it is smaller quicker jobs like garbage removal or picking up after dinner. And, if kids are involved, the outside the home worker has to understand what a full time job that can be especially at certain ages and not come home and think they are done and ready to sit on their asses.   FYI I work outside the home and would jump at the chance to be a stay at home person and honestly feel that cleaning up on say a 70/30 ratio would be a small price to pay for that luxury.
1	LOL...Fair enough.  I was concerned it was a big post, but I wanted to make sure it was clear enough so that people could get the info we needed.
1	I skipped Bronze, got placed directly into Silver 2. I just got promoted to Gold 5 (oh god, HELP ME!). The trick to getting through the upper part of Silver, is to be calm.   Expect people to do crazy stuff. Every Silver 2 and 1 player thinks they're Diamond material, so they try to make sick plays 24/7. Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.   You  have to be the deciding factor. When your team tries to make sick plays, do everything that's in your power to make sure they get out of it alive. As Nasus, Wither and a Q to the face is usually enough to scare the enemy away or just flat out kill them.   Good thing about upper Silver, is that people usually pay attention to pings and chat (only short messages though. No long words either, but stay understandable). Use this to your advantage. When people start to get ahead and snowball, they tend to get very aggressive and reckless. Use pings and chat to keep your team grouped up, and spam that retreat-ping when they overextend in a bad position.
0	And yet here you are, talking to a bunch of faceless people on the internets because you want to interact with us. Do you think us all stupid? Why are you talking to us?   All you have to do is learn how to lead an interesting conversation. Stupid people have stupid conversations. You're 50% of each conversation you're in... if you keep finding yourself in stupid conversations then...
1	Different skills are important in league. They are differently important at different elos for a variety of reasons.   The most important skill in League (or pretty much anything) is self-analysis. You have to find out why you're losing and why successful people (at that elo) are winning.   I personally had the opposite experience. Silver was trivially easy. As an adc, I could attack the whole fight and successfully kite 1 or 2 bruisers without relying on my team much. Once I got to low gold, I started getting flattened by bruisers. I had to analyze and change before moving forward. It sounds like you simply went into an elo that's more accepting of your skillset. You need to identify that skillset so you can improve it. Mechanics/positioning/objectives/laning/teamfights/awareness/handling team morale/not raging/etc, etc, etc. If you don't adapt, you can be "stuck" "below your level". By "stuck", I mean stuck the same way you can get stuck at math if you don't study math. By "below your level" I mean the same way you might get stuck on statistics even if you know calculus - calc might be more "advanced" but you're at a severe disadvantage in anything that has stats in it if you never work on it.
1	Not a couple per say, but me and a female friend duo all the time. Aram and bots are no problem.   But in SR it seems that i turn into this jerk, trying to explain and wording is never right, so i sound like i'm criticizing her every move, leading to awkward moments, even moments of making her not want to play anymore.   Honestly i don't know how to fix it, it's a problem with myself, since i duo with other female friend as well and i'm the same jerk, but she takes it way better.
0	parked on a narrow side street in the town center,   double yellow lines on one side, single on the other.   everyone else was parked on the double yellow line which means you can't park here.   no one was parked on the single yellow line which means you can't stay here but you can pull up and run into the bank :)   the idea as i understand is to keep the road clear enough so that people can freely move through this road   so in comming to it I can either do as the road tells me an park on the right side where I'm legally allow to and block traffic because no one else has parked on the left or park on the same side as everyone else where I'm not supposed to park but that still allows traffic to freely move.   an object lesson in legal ethics. do what the law asks defeat the purrpose of the law disobey the letter of the law and perserve the funuction of the law.   so after 5 minitues in the bank I come back to a ticket on my windshield. doh! but then i get to thinking this isn't rght everyone always parks like this the road should change to fit reailty. it doesn't hurt anyone when we park like this so i'll ask to change the road.   so i rang the local authority, got hold of the highways department explain the situation, asked how I go about changing the road markings. they said they'd look into it for me.   when i go to pay the ticket they said it had been canceled the local authority had made an exeption on that road because they felt the lines need to be changed to reflect the use by residents.   and that boring arsed story wasted so much time
0	The reason people want to prove the other side wrong is that other side doesn't understand how their position affects other people.  If someone like a politician or a celebrity starts talking about net neutrality is unnecessary, people directly affected don't start saying "ok, it's good that you have an opinion".   But even that's not a good example because in that scenario the person with the opinion will be impacted the same way everyone else is.  With things like gay marriage and racism, the people with these "ok opinions" aren't affected negatively by the "ok opinions".  If a straight person is against gay marriage, they come out on top no matter what because either way they don't lose out on any privilege.  The loser is the gay people who want to get married.  This applies with racism too, which historically in this country has been in favor of whites.
1	More than likely the other two remaining Darkin, seeing how strong the champions raised by the first three had gotten, banded together to create the a fighter to trump all other fighters.   They toiled and strategized, what would beat such unstoppable warriors?  What is their weakness?  They are all so strong, no one could ever win in a fair fight...   Then it became apparent.  The two remaining Darkin put forth their efforts to create a champion who would never, ever fight fair.   While the other champions have great power, if they could not reach their target, they could not strike it, therefore is must have  great range  and  great speed  such as to whittle them down before they could engage.   They realized that all good warriors have some way to get in close, but even up close, they must still hit to deal damage.  Therefore they must be rendered  blind  so that their attacks would not strike true.   Finally it is known that rage is the greatest weapon, and what greater way to inflict rage, than by dealing pain from an  invisible  source?   Thus not only must the new Darkin champion be able deal damage from invisible sources, but also must be able to turn  himself  invisible.   Their scheming complete, satisfied for now, the two final darkin retreated to watch as screams began to swell forth from the rift.   Their brothers may have shown the rift true strength, but they knew they had shown it....  pure terror .
1	Fun, but true story. A friend of mine was stuck in bronze I/II, but he was part of our ranked team, which we were going to play LAN tournaments with, so he started playing with us and ever since he did he started climbing the ladder, he's now gold V on his promotion to gold IV and surpassed every one of us within 2 months.
1	Problem 1: Grez's Lantern is too OP for Summoner's Rift. It is, basically, old Wriggle's Lantern reborn - powerful laning phase item that still serves a use late game in the vision wars. That would need to be fixed for starters. Stats-wise, Grez's/Lightbringer/Sweeper are in much better places than they used to be (Sweeper is no longer the defacto best stat stick in Dominion that it used to be for mages).   Problem 2 (This is the biggest one really): 1 Sweeper or 1 Lightbringer is not OP. 5 Lightbringers or Sweepers is a completely different problem. One of the biggest things that separated top tier Dominion teams from the other tiers was that you would see 5 vision items in the team's collective inventory by end of game, 2-3 of them within 5-10minutes of the game starting if not already in inventory at start of the game. Frankly, teams that didn't understand why or how just didn't win. Basically, the reason for this is that Dominion doesn't have wards. You had (and still have) limited choices on Dominion for vision.     Bring a champion with vision. Teemo was considered OP for a while because his vision granting also acted as a means of preventing teams from traversing the map quickly. Maokai is a really tanky dude that counters burst mages, has high base damages and also provides a means of brush-checking and limited warding.   Bring Clairvoyance. It's strong and has a much longer range than sweeper, but it takes up the dueling slot of your two summoner spells (Revive takes up the other in Dominion).   Buy Oracle's Elixir. Limited Range, limited duration. Provides no stats. Doesn't provide the "tagging" effect that Sweeper/Lightbringer has. Limited to a small range around you. Can't scout with it while remaining safe yourself. Put it on a tank? Sure...in Dominion though, bursting a tank 100-0 is not a problem as Penetration is the most efficient stat. There goes your vision and now you're a man down. The other team will now just back off and reengage when CDs are up or just zone you and take an objective. You can't do anything about it because your CC is dead for 30s. Wouldn't you rather cast a spell on that bush and know what's coming BEFORE your tank is brought down to 200 health and can't reliably CC for you now?   Sweeper/Lightbringer - Cast it in a small area and anything that passes through it gets "tagged", meaning that even when they LEAVE the area, you can still see them for a short time. They also provide RELEVANT stats!     In Dominion, the options most widely used were Sweeper/Lightbringer with CV and champion picking being splashed in based on comps and whatnot. Oracle's Elixir was not used for a long time because of its weaknesses highlighted above. That being said, it's STILL a useful item in certain cases, so don't be afraid to bring it if you can justify it's cost. Just be a aware that League is a bit of a hivemind game and people rage at you when you do something out of the norm and Oracle's is out of the norm.   So, now you know why Sweeper/Lightbringer might be a decent choice for 1 person. Now here's why it's OP in mass. It's OP because having 5 mini-CVs on a short cooldown means that ambush tactics are IRRELEVANT. It also heavily counters stealth-based gameplay. It makes running through a jungle filled with Teemo shrooms irrelevant. It makes any sort of brush check or risky play (think Baron/Dragon fights if you could CV behind the pit) way less risky. And since, as your elo improves, your teamplay improves, you will see players rotating cooldowns such that opportunity to ambush becomes virtually nothing.
1	A lot of people are hating Gunnars couse of big price, I have to admit that it was the same in my case but I got opportunity to test them for weekend (friend won them in one competition). First of all I want to describe my situation: Since I was 3 or 4 im wearing glasses and have huge number of problems with my eyes starting from color blindness and ending on some illness I dont remember a name. Of course, I need to take rest after after each hour, getting my eyes wet etc. When I was wearing Gunnars I felt really big difference: first of all I noticed some difference in colours when I was outside - I know, that they don't show the true colors I saw the difference in things which were completly the same for me: for example when I was looking on trees - I saw more than 1-2 different colors. When Ive noticed this I made color blind test - it doesn't cure me in 100% but I could pass more activities* than I did before (about 15%-20%). When I was in cinema I was shocked second time - I wasnt tired at all after more than 2 hours on movie, my eyes weren't red after I went out and I didn't look like person who uses cocaine every hour. Of course using computer was much more comfortable too - I didnt have to make so many breaks. Im planning now to get my own Gunnars - I know that they help me not only when Im using PC but in real life too. They are quite expensive, but Im saving money for them since I gave them back. Btw. Im using f.lux for about 2 years. It helps but not as much as Gunnars.   *Color blind test rely on "reading" numer from piece of paper full of colorfull dots.
1	Personally I think it's a phase of people experimenting with new things but it will revert back to the AP mid scenario soon enough. The reason I say this? It isn't really very good. I have seen bruisers mid, played against them myself even and all it takes is to not start a fight. You have better range/harass so focus on farming and throwing a few pokes out. If you get him low enough you can burst him down before he can beat you up otherwise you just farm.   It is just a different mid playstyle that needs to be adopted in this situation. An AP can not fight a bruiser easily 1v1 because of cooldowns but with some careful play and slow harass the AP has the advantage. Plus in the long run, if the enemy team doesn't have an AP they lack a strong source of damage mid-late game.
