0	This must be the
0	I worked for a large chain sporting goods department store, in hunting and fishing. We  had  to make contact with any customer within fifteen feet of us within fifteen seconds of seeing them. Bill fucking Dance could be standing in one of the lure aisles and I was supposed to ask if he needed any help.
0	Graphic Designer/Studio Manager here. Involves me sitting in front of a 27" iMac for 95% of the day. It's a small business, everyone has admin privileges on their own computer, and I'm the most tech savvy employee anyways (and therefore am also  de facto  tech director).
1	So my understanding, just to make sure I've got it right, is that if I'm playing Singed and I want to auto an enemy as soon as they walk out of the bush I should A + left click inside of the bush.  If I'm playing Vayne and I'm trying to run a fleeing enemy I should Shift + left click on them, especially if there are minions between us, so that if I misclick on them I will still move in their direction.  If I was using A + left click in the second scenario and misclicked I would simply auto the nearest minion.  Is that right?
0	Here's the difference:   Black people had their culture forcibly removed from them.  Nobody cares when there is a Greek Festival, or a Saint Patrick's Day celebration, or an Italian Fair.  Black people can't do that.  They don't know if their ancestors were from Mali, or Burkina Faso, or Senegal, or Ivory Coast.  The only cultural identification they have is "Black" because everything else was taken away from them by their captors when they were forced to speak English, had their families split up, and religious practices replaced with Jesus.   Again, nobody gives a shit if you talk about the "First Norwegian Astrophysicist."  The same should apply to the first Black astrophysicist.   However, saying the same thing about the "White Race" is inherently different.  It's different because culturally, Danish people have very little in common with Serbians.  Basically, the only shared traits are superficial physical characteristics, and the use of "white" in this case is specifically meant to be exclusive.  Being "proud of being white" is not the same as being proud of the cultural achievements of, eg., the Dutch.  It's just kind of like saying, "I'm sure glad I'm not a darkie."
1	Of course he is going to hurt when he uses tiger.  He has no range so they have to make him a terror to get close to.  And if he maxes tiger he will have no sustain and can easily be ganked.  Why change it to Physical damage?  This is what makes Udyr diverse and hard to play against.  Might as well make Warwick's hungering strike physical as well then.
0	SI]( conversions:     7 pounds = 3.2 kg     > I'm going to counter this using an immediate family member as an example.  >  > He has had undiagnosed hypothyroidism for many years, probably between 5-7. Before that, he was a star athlete (he could run a sub 5-minute mile by the time he was 13) and an honor roll student, however things started changing at the end of high school/beginning of college. During those years I watched him balloon in weight, have uncontrollable (seriously... uncontrollable) cravings for horrible food, lose his hair, have awful skin rashes, depression, and so little energy that he found it difficult to be awake for more than 12 hours on any given day, let alone work out.  I too blamed his appearance and depression on personal failings that he had the capacity to control. >  > However, a few months ago he was diagnosed with hypothyroidism. After trying a few medications that had little effect he found a medication that worked for him-- Amour Thyroid. He started taking this ONLY 10 days ago, and he has already lost 7 pounds^(3.2 ^kg)  (after struggling unsuccessfully to lose weight for upwards of 5 years), is waking up at 7am every day to go running, is the most positive he's been in years and (which is most relevant to your topic) has no more cravings for those awful foods that you associate with hopelessness and lack of self respect.  >  >
0	Oh, what's that? You think I'm not a real woman because I'm a lot thinner than you? Bitch, please. I lift heavy boxes all day long without a care in the world, and I can walk ten miles straight without a problem on a really good day. The only days that aren't good days are the ones I happen to be "sick". All the while you're stuck on your comfy couch, unable to do much more than walk for fifteen minutes without a break. Oh, you're just tired from your long days work sitting down at the office? (Note: I'm not implying that office people don't work hard. Actually I know a few that work even harder than I do.) I spent nine hours on my feet doing physically oriented work, trying like mad to keep up with all of the work coming at me. After I went home, I still decided to walk a few blocks for my soda, because why the fuck not? You might be tired from working all day. Hell, you probably are. But if you're going to let that stop you from at least trying to move a little on the weekends, don't go blaming me because I'm the one who just got wolf whistled at and told I had nice legs. Get a life you say? I have a great one already, thank you very much. Do you have any idea how nice it is to realize you just took six hours to figure out you woke up with a cold because the only symptoms you have is a little extra bit of tiredness and a weird stuffy feeling in your head sometimes, and maybe a runny nose if it's a "bad" one? Your cold wasn't even the flu (at least that's what she said her doctor told her) and yet you were stuck home from work for an entire week. You really think being overweight isn't a problem? Can't you see how it's affecting your life, how you're slowly destroying yourself from the inside out by refusing to admit you have a problem? Of course not. Denial doesn't allow for that. You'll have to reach an ugly breaking point before you do, and it either won't happen or will cause quite a mental turmoil for you when it finally does. Oh, well. There's nothing I can do about it if you won't listen, so rather than take your shit I'm just going to avoid you and let you do your thing.   Yeah, I know someone like that too. And yeah, I'm a little bitter about it. She was a great friend until her ego swelled up. At least I had the sense to move away when I realized my involvement would only hurt me in the long run.   Now, that's not to say I think all fat people are in denial and need to rethink their lives. My mother has been trying her hardest to lose her weight, and is somehow managing to do well despite being on a medication that makes losing weight almost impossible. I'm also not saying all skinny people are healthy and happy like I am. I knew a skinny girl in high school with some of the worst depression issues I'd ever seen, and most likely anorexia or bulimia. All I'm saying is that I wish more people would pull their heads out of their asses and think for a second before they start taking their problems out on other people.
0	I wasn't bullied (only due to me making it known I had black belt in martial arts), but I was a complete geek and hung out with complete geeks who got bullied (mentally and physically).  My solution?  I dropped out after 10th grade by getting my parents to tell the school system I was being homeschooled, got my GED at 16 and went to college.  Best decision I ever made.  Software Engineer now and at 27, I'm making more now than what I set for a goal when I was 40.  In other words, you won't miss anything that you can't learn in college.   My wife, on the other hand, had an excellent high school experience and cannot relate at all to my school experience.
1	Yeah it's "been on the PBE" for quite some time...
1	Xerath's poke is on a shockingly long cooldown until he has a chance to level up W.   If he uses Locus of Power (his Siege), dodge around until he's out of it and his short speed boost is gone, and then go in for stun + splat.   When not in siege mode, Arcanopulse's range is 900, fairly easy to dodge, and fairly soft hitting.   It's cooldown is between 7 and 5 seconds without CDR>   Locus of Power is what makes Xerath strong, because it gives a ton of magic penetration and an extra 400 range.   However, it's cooldown is 20 / 16 / 12 / 8 / 4 seconds, which means that Xerath needs a lot of levels before he can start using it effectively.   Xerath's pre-six game is actually awful.   He's almost solely dependent on his ultimate to get kills via Mage Chains stuns with Q -> R -> R -> R -> Q  while in Locus of Power .   If you ever get hit with Mage Chains (his E, a pretty symbol shows up above your head) run away for three seconds, then turn around and dump on him.   It's his only CC and his only way to set up meaningful combos with his ultimate.
0	You only got a $10 transaction fee for the convenience fee? I got a $12 one and an $8 fee for having two fees.   Then my bank charged me a $35 fee for having three Comcast fees.
1	Finally! I've been thinking this for years, I don't understand why the MOST played game, the MOST viewed game in the whole world doesn't take advantage of merchandising. Think in Blizzard, WoW, Starcraft... think just in all those Warlock figures for instance and dream about LoL figures xD.
0	African American. I think you meant Black.  Your sister married a black lawyer.  Not to be a dick about it but we're not all from Africa.  I mean, if you go waaaay back, sure we're descendants of slaves, etc.   I personally identify as Haitian.   Source: black guy.
0	Ya, smell me about it. I would be at a regular Joe Porn Site, then after 99 pop-ups.. I would have a couple illegal ones with beastility and shit... fuckin basturds.. I'm glad they stopped that shit... it was embaressing to explain, "no really i just went to that site!!!" I had to go to one site and let the train of pop-up insanity plaugue my computer, just to show my gf i wasnt a total perv, when I was 14.
1	While most AP champs do not need tear, like Olmond has said, it completely depends on the hero. Its true that if you already have a rabadons, you need around 3k mana to make it worth not buying another. However the real point I think some people miss is that it gives you 1400 mana, and while late game your mana pool may be big enough to sustain you through a few fights, im probably not the only one that has found themselves lacking mana.
0	I hit my data cap after watching 3 friggin YouTube videos... each 6-7 minutes long, and I was watching at whatever resolution iPhone 4 has..   Called Bell royalty/retention department, made some threats to move to Wind, and mother f*ckers immediately added 500MB and 500minutes.   Happy ending? NOOO, stories with telcos never end happily. They ended up charging me for some random shit that they never told me about.
1	I play mostly solo top offtank and the occasional jungle udyr, so can anyone enlighten me a bit on what the required runes are for this build? I know I can jungle with udyr and WW without very many runes, but ive tried jungling with noc and I just kinda die..... and I DO know how to position his Q to land all the creeps. And what about in lane?
1	I've only recently started watching tournament footage, but from the trash-talking I've seen from most North American teams (TSM especially comes to mind), M5 doesn't seem any more or less unprofessional in their commentary.  I think people are just upset because they come from relative obscurity in the tourney circuit (nvm their ridiculous skrims), AND they are doing some light trash talking while they roll over the more well known teams.
1	Personally I don't like the jungle changes but I don't really rant about it. I've been playing in jungle since the S2 preseason and I will continue doing it. People say that there are only few viable junglers and that's their problem - nobody is forcing you to pick the meta champion, even in higher tiers of solo queue. You just follow the structure shown in LCS, where you have to pick a bruiser, because it's the best right now.   Posts or comments saying that less than 10 champions are able to do a first clear and buy a jungle item are clearly wrong. It is indeed harder with few of them, but it's still doable. I haven't touched Jarvan in a month, played Vi and Lee twice and still was able to get from to P3 to D5 on EU West, using champions like Fizz, Olaf, Reksai, Sejuani, Shyvana, Kha'zix, Rengar or even Evelynn. If I had Elise on that account I would also play her, since I know her well and can abuse her mechanics. The champion may give the advantage, but it's mostly up to player, if you are good with your champion you don't care about the global winrate of nerfs. If you abuse the meta champions and "mains" FoTM, well..... it's your problem.   On the other hand, people don't understand some of the changes. For example, ranged junglers nerf with reducing the number of soft leashes. Do you really think that ranged champions should have a clear advantage of having 100% hp after 3-4 camps, because the jungle didn't attack them? It was a bug that had to be fixed.   Ok, the end of my post, you are free to downvote me if you disagree. I would like to thank the moderation team for creating this thread since reading the 10th thread about the same thing was really annoying.
0	I went to school with a girl who refuses to vaccinate her children now because she lost her baby brother at a very young age. The full story behind just proves that this girl is an asshat though. Her baby brother died in a car accident on the way home from the pediatrician the day he got his second round of shots (4 months). She claims that him getting his vaccines was the ultimate cause of death instead of, you know, being hit by a fucking car and not being properly strapped into his car seat.
0	As someone who had their cat stolen almost a year ago (she had a collar and microchip, so it easily could have been turned in,) fuck these people, fuck them so hard. She was perfectly healthy/cared for so there was no "rescuing" needed. People just stole my cat.   She has been seen in the neighbourhood not by myself, but by neighbours, twice since she went missing (once as recently as two weeks ago) so she is still fine. Just hasn't been caught and returned. So someone straight up found and kept another human beings cat.   If you find one that "needs rescuing" don't pretend you're a hero. Take it to a shelter where they have the best chance of survival AND being returned to the owner. If the animal has been abused or neglected, they will know, and the bastards will not be getting their animal back... THEN you can have your rescue animal.
1	I probably belong in Silver at the moment   no, no you don't. you belong in silver when you can carry bronze games, you belong into gold when you can carry silver games and so on (only exception high diamond/challenger there it gets complicated)   > As with most other people I was screwed and got matched with terrible teammates in every single game.   i started in low silver and played myself up to platin, and sure i got bad teammates but it didn't mattered cause the enemys also had "bad" teams and that way i could carry easyly. (now that i am near my skill cap that i have atm its harder for me to carry games, so i have to improof to get higher but diamond i will reach soon (tm))   >I've looked online and asked friends how to get out of "ELO Hell," but nothing I have tried has gotten passed my teammates super feeding.   there is no elo hell. since you don't post us a lolking we can't see your last matches to see the super feeding of your team vs your godlike beeing fed   >I am at a loss on how to get there   if you would belong to silver you would get there (if you would have a lower silver skill level you would have a harder time to come to that level then a higher silver skill level but still you would constantly rise and not fall lower or stay the same, since you don't do that as you stated yourself you are at your current skill level)     after looking at your lolking profile tips on how to get better:   1.) your farm is horrible. go into a custom game and try to farm minions for 20 minutes without buying any items and runes and masteries, if you can achieve 150 minions in that time you have a farm that is good. (do that every day and try to get EVERY minion you can get in those 20 minutes (228 should be maximal possible on the botlane if i am not wrong)   2.) watch stonewall008 on youtube/twitch to learn how to jungle (you can read his articels on reignofgaming) cause your builds are horrible for jungle (one of the best "educators" for jungleing imo)   3.) your masteries are bad. as a general tipp: for dmg go 21/9/0 and for tanky go 9/21/0 and as support go 0/16/14 (as much tankyness as you can while taking as much gold/10 as you can). look up on lolking what proplayers use for certain games (watch them on twitch and when they are ingame lolking them and see what they use, start with just copying it 1:1 and try to understand why they use them)
0	Really? Why is that? Might be an unpopular opinion but being with someone who is constantly depressed could bring you down too and seeing someone you care about let themselves go is depressing itself. (Now I'm not saying dump someone in the short period people are switching meds like ohitsjustkevin mentioned, you have to give a little leway in during these periods to make a relationship work.) But over time its tough on both parties involved, and could wear on the one who's always trying to cheer up the other one. People change and you can't force someone to stay with someone else just because they had a history. Pity is not a good reason to remain in a relationship, shes a person not a psychiatrist. Sorry for this little rant but you don't know the whole story so she might be a perfectly fine person.
1	I waited a really long time before starting my ranked "adventures".   I felt so anxious about joining the ranked queue, so I waited right until the end of season 2, when they announced the rewards for getting gold.   I then proceeded to play play 13 games to get into gold, and after that I stopped right away.   Did the exact same thing this season, waited until the very end, just to play for the rewards.
1	I use to play her mid when she was flavor. It was VERY good back then because of multiple reasons. One, very linear meta where Evetakes advantage of. Two, a different kit with different scalings and her E doing magic damage. Thus making DFG very useful on her and a staple item.   She had the ability to pressure other lanes without hurting herself too much. You're probably wondering, well gee I do the same thing now!?! When her kit was over powered Jungle was a bit weaker with faster spawning camps, gold income for supports was lower, and junglers who focus on vision control were barely meta. You still lost a lot of matchups mid but you could easily slip into your jungle camps to farm it which pressured other lanes. You could do the same now but it's not good anymore as everything I mentioned is different. Right now it still takes a while for her damage to ramp up, so if she gets murdered in lane she could be made a nonfactor.   Now to answer your question, I've played her once mid since Ludens Echo and her E change. The damage change to her Q won't change my opinion. She gets outclassed by many other mids. You're also basically giving up your lane in exchange for better roams. Which as I've said before can be foiled and challenged. I however play her in jungle if I don't get my mid or if I'm doing 3s, I usually jungle. She has powerful ganks and more time for vision control with decent damage, which is why she belongs in the jungle and not mid. Why the fuck would you play her mid when you can play her jungle and not give a free lane and you can do what she does best. Gank pressure and vision control.
1	I just got confirmed that the coach is framed. This is what's actually happening:   AcFun is a video website that started their league team. They also started doing live streaming on a website called Douyu.tv(OMG's sponsor), which took away a lot of the viewers from prominent streaming websites like YY. However, L.ACE, the organizer of LPL, belongs to Tencent, which is also Riot's stockholder. YY signed a contract with Tencent, and they decided to screw AcFun over by framing the league team.
1	I know of 2 ways to go about this:   1: Stop caring about your division. That way you it won't matter if you lose or win. (I do this, because I just like to learn from soloqueue but don't feel the need to gain Diamond Elo or something.)   2: Play believing you'll reach your goal elo someday anyway. I think this is what pro players do, they just play.. because they like/have to play. And sooner or later they'll reach that Diamond 1 anyways.   So...
1	An interesting perspective, and I agree with you. I see that the culture is behaving and growing as a bubble however. The marketing is towards potential gamers, and they market the tournaments towards existing players. Thus the direction that we are moving at the moment is to some degree working away from the goal of accepting e-sports. But not to all degree since for every new gamer, there is a new potential viewer. And there is still potential for growth.   Even though the feat of making e-sports so immensely popular is Riots doing, I do not believe that LoL is the correct game to take it a step further towards popping the bubble and get interest from outside public. Mostly due to the nature of the game, and its recipe for success. The constant changes are immensely hard to follow if you lack basic knowledge of the game. So I do not believe outwards marketing would be that effective, and could not gain any ground. I believe in a future game continuing the work with a potentially broader market of spectators, that can build on this and work towards way more acceptance.
0	Someone had an interesting question ITT. If someone was assaulted by someone of a different race (asian, black, caucasian, what have you), and since then, they had a fear of that that race ever since. That fear would make them think that every time, late at night, if someone of that race was walking behind them, they were going to be assaulted. Would that be acceptable?
0	Everyone was outraged. Just like they are outraged about the grandfather who was just murdered in a no knock raid. I think everyone who has zoomed out of each specific instance of violence against citizens, you see a huge tapestry of carnage and broken lives that should make any sensible person outraged. Mike Brown's murder came pretty close together with Travon Martin's murder and  Eric Holder's murder, which made people extremely conscious of racially motivated violence and the justice system's unwillingness to do it's job in cases where either people of color are killed or police are doing the killing. The thing that the internet is making us conscious of is a Venn diagram of injustices that don't all fit in the exact same category, but are connected by the fact that they seem officially sanctioned by the government even though these acts are illegal and the means used to defend them are unconstitutional.
1	Absolutely try to make the best of it, especially if it happens early. I had one game where our jungler went afk from the start but our team pulled together and focused on winning our lanes. The most important things for us were warding for jungle ganks as well as warding our red and blue buffs constantly. We caught their jungler (Rammus) a couple of times in our jungle trying to steal the buffs. In the end we came out on top and it is probably one of the best feelings I've had playing this game.
1	It does tick based on how many points you have, but you also get points for kills. Ive seen a lot of teams run someone's score down based on kills while relatively ignoring towers, or forgetting about towers late game. Problem is, he points for kills cuts out when the other teams nexus hits about 100. The game goes smoothly till about 100 left, then points for kills cuts out and the other team is owning the towers. The other team just about sweeps the game because the first team is concentrating more on kills than towers.
0	I just imagine this being the next post she made.   TIFU By talking to this guy in class.  ... ... ...
0	We picked up a drunk guy once and gave him a ride home. It was cold out (December I think) and it was a slow night. The guy was friendly as hell and said he was too drunk to drive. So we dropped him off at his house and went on our way. About an hour later we get a call from dispatch to respond to a domestic dispute in progress, and sure as shit, the same guy we gave a ride home was beating his wife. So, needless to say, new department policy prohibited us from giving any more vehicle escorts.
1	I like LMQ as a team, they got great personalities and I could see from the hype video they work hard so they do deserve their place at world's.   Nevertheless, they are not an NA team, they are a Chinese team with Chinese players who are playing in a region besides their own.   But that doesn't mean they shouldn't be allowed to represent NA at world's. Because they still earned their place by beating all of the other NA teams, therefore there isn't anything wrong with this whole situation. LMQ worked their asses off from Challenger play offs all the way to the top of LCS, that's impressive by any standards.   The only reason why there would be something wrong is if LMQ goes to world's through NA LCS then say they're representing China. But that's not the case, they're representing NA because that's who they are now.
0	There are plenty of ways to read small text   Ya, but lazy.   >
1	You're conflating motivation and game mentality / rationality.   I don't really know any guy who doesn't love feeling exalted when performing well, and who isn't motivated by it -- it's just a part of who we are.   Of course, when applying our skills to any task, we go into our "game mode", where we think rationally about what to do to perform well and win -- which in this case include working with the team.   Yeah some people may lose sight and focus of this at times, but I don't think DL has done anything to indicate that this is an issue.
1	It's a hard thing to balance: if you go for very risky plays while ahead you're in danger of it turning bad, but if you don't take risks at all you give room for your opponents to catch up. Balancing aggression is something that very few pro teams do very well. Two good and opposite examples are ex-CLG.EU and Azubu Blaze.   ex-CLG.EU are know to only take very calculated risks, holding into their advantages waiting for the perfect time to strike, or slowly recovering from deficiencies in a similar manner. a.k.a., The Turtle Strat^TM. There is an obvious flaw to that: if you loose early game too hard you won't be able to recover fast enough because your map control and teamfight power will not be on par with the snowballed enemy.   On the other hand, Azubu Blaze are known for being aggressive from the very first second of the game. They will swap lanes to take the first turret, then repeat it with all the outer turrets. They can easily get 3 turrets by 7 minutes. Then they push that aggression, keep control of the objectives, and put heavy pressure all across the map to keep the opponents in check. That does backfire sometimes: if the opponents have better late game teams and are able to slowly farm back the early advantage can just melt away. (I will name this The Tiger Strat^TM for a nice dichotomy).   I have not seen any team so far though that knows how to balance The Tiger^TM and The Turtle^TM on different occasions. I see strategy becoming more and more important in Season 3 due mechanical skills plateauing at some point for most players.
1	In the playoffs, who beat whom in the Vulcan VS TSM matchup? TSM, TSM was by all means the 2nd best team in NA last year. The new midlaner was basically a super addition because it adds variety in comps as Regi tend to stick with his 5-6 champion pool of Karthus, Ahri, Zed, TF, Kha'zix (pre-nerf) and Orianna. The afterwords part was also key because before they depended on Regi for everything, now without him they've adapted to play without the big shotcaller, and is more of a group effort like C9 where everyone is meaningful in a fight.
0	My cousin, we'll call him Aaron, was a total dick when we were kids and got humped by our dog Buddy. Aaron was in the process of chasing my brother onto our lawn trying to pick a fight when he tripped and Buddy mounted him. Aaron kept saying "he thinks he's my backpack!" Buddy just went to town on him, we didn't let him live that down for a few years.
1	First... really? I don't know why you're going out of your way to argue/be a douchebag here. I made a casual/broad comment because I didn't feel like going into how LP clamping works in detail. And I did read the link I posted. Here's what I'm referring to:   >If for some reason your matchmaking rating is below what is expected in your League, you will see League Point gains come much more slowly as you approach your Division 1 Series. Because League placement is now permanent, we have designed the system to ensure that a player’s matchmaking rating is high enough to ensure that you can consistently play at the level of the next tier. As long as you continue to win more than you lose, your League Point gain will even out and you’ll reach the Promotion Series.   So,
0	Cows are holy animals in India? I said meat is a luxury product. And the choice not to eat it is also...a luxury. Now in western culture it is a choice it's not always like that in other cultures. People will quickly abandon their vegetarianism if there is nothing else to eat. That's my point.
1	I dont understand why the LP system and MMR are seperated. It's like it grades you in 2 different ways, so you don't know which one to follow.   I think the current system is nice in its base, but it should follow the Elo system in the way that theres no hidden MMR that determines how many points you win/lose. This in effect means that you always play against people around your  Division  instead of your  MMR .   This could be done by integrating something like a hidden streak system, which is at base 0 (like currently if your MMR = Division). If you go on a winning streak, you get more points per win, if you're on a losing streak, you get less points per win until you bring it back to 0 (it shouldn't have an upper and lower limit, as to avoid 0/100LP per game of course)   This way, whatever league you're in represents where you actually are, and is not just some very inaccurate representation of MMR, which is your actual level, but hidden.   If this is not clear, let me give you an examplw with the current system vs my suggestion:   Current:   You're Bronze 1, Silver 1 MMR, Promo to Silver. You win 2 and purposely dodge 3. Your MMR is now Gold, but you're still Bronze. And you can keep doing this to have a Challenger MMR Bronze account.   My Suggestion (streak system):   *To explain this better I have to give a more definite example of the streak system. Let's say it goes from -10 to +10, and you gain/lose +-1 per game. You get +-20LP with a streak of 0, and an extra 1 per streak point (If it's -4 you now get 16LP for a win, and lose 24LP for a loss).  This is just a very bad example of it to explain it easier   You're in Bronze 1. You're on streak level +10. You're also in your promo to Silver 5. You win 2 (since +10 is the limit of streak level, you stay there, and purposely dodge 3. You now are at streak level +7, and you're still Bronze 1, and still play against high Bronze/low Silver players until you get out, even if you do this over and over.   To implement this, either players in a division 5 will stay there like it is now, and keep playing vs peope fom or around that divison  OR  you can drop (demotion series?).
0	I went to a local bar near my home town for a friend's 21st birthday and had to use my fake since it was a 21 and up establishment. When I went up to the door and showed the bouncer my fake (through the clear sleeve in my wallet) he asked me to take it out, I said "no problem dude!" After he examined my fake id for a good minute he told me he needed to see a "REAL ID". I say, "What are you talking about man that's my drivers license" He then has his manager who is talking to two police officers ten feet away from where we are standing come over and examine the fake. after looking at the id for literally five seconds the manager says word for word to the bouncer "This is a real id let the guy in, and don't bother me again"
1	Wickd picked Trundle as 2nd-pick. It is very safe to assume that with the current meta the enemy will pick at least one tanky champion, so the pick was totally reasonable imho.   Fnatic ofc tried to counter that with the LB pick. That is not Wickds fault. I am sure they decided the, imho reasonable, Trundle-pick as a team.   So in the end Wickd ends up heavily countered in lane, countered as a champion in general because they had no super tank as an enemy which trundle would like and camped by a lee during whole laning. Still he managed to go dead-even in lane and utilize his champion as far as the circumstances allow (good TPs, good meat, good pillars).
0	Yes, I have learned that asking for sex will not make my wife want to have sex. It's SO much better when she initiates because I know she really wants to do it. Same thing applies to "trying new things." Before when I would ask for a new position, she got annoyed. Now that she taking control trying new things, she is comfortable and really enjoying the adventure.
1	I have like 14 on my main, 5 on my smurf and 3 on another account.
1	I posted this somewhere else bit it's relevant so I will copy and paste:   I just hit g5 a few weeks ago, I spent a really long time in silver and this is how I got out. The thing that helped me win the most games was playing aoe champs with a really strong lategame/team fight presence. I am a jungle main, so I played a lot of wukong and amumu. I would spend the majority of my time farming so that I could get the items I needed to be a monster in team fights, and I would only really gank post 6 when my ult was up to guarantee kills. There is this weird phenomenon in sliver, where at around 25/30 mins, both teams group up and just spend the rest of the game pushing mid and forcing team fights regardless of team composition/power distribution or what is going in in different lanes. I highly recommend picking up every dragon whenever you can, but I would be really cautious when trying to force baron. Only do baron when the other team is completely dead/preoccupied, or if your team is behind and baroning is your last hope. The other way I got through silver was becoming really good at support. A lot of people discourage low elo players from getting good at support because support has a "low carry potential", but I think that statement is completely untrue. The reason why being a great support is so important in silver, is because there is a 75% chane that the other teams support was forced into their role and have no idea what they are doing, so you can easily snowball Botlane and single-handedly carry the game with your adc. I recommend playing supports with really good engage, I personally exclusively played Braum and Leona. I love Leona because it is really easy to engage on their ad with your e+q+r combo, unlike champs like thresh or Morgana who you have to land a skills shot with in order to successfully engage. I also really like Braum because he had a really good all in, and he is also great at surviving ganks (I'm used to usually being camped when I support because I play so aggressively). Braum and Leona are also really good in team fights! If you are curious about how I build Braum/Leona I usually go relic shield, targons, sightstone, t1 boots, fotm, t2 boots, locket/fh depending in the other team, randuins, banshees veil, ruby crystal. I usually build randuins before bv because I will likely have mercs and possibly a locket, but sometimes I like to buy mobos on Leona and cdr boots on Braum, so I would then get veil before randuins. Another fun thing to do on tanky supports is to get sunfire cape as your 4th item and split push if nobody else is on you team so you can get huge!
1	Adding to the other comment, it was Alliance's bot lane that snowballed Wukong and the lack of vision control.   Whenever Wukong went bot, Leona would get hooked. In the turret dive, Wukong walked from river brush near mid in ALliance's jungle past the tribrush bot and wasn't spotted since Alliance had NO VISION IN THAT WHOLE PATH. On the other hand, SHC had their jungle and river warded at all time making it impossible for SHook to find something meaningful and just focused on counter jungling.   And after the turret dive by SHC, things went south for Alliance. Froggen rotated bot while both Wukong and Gragas went top to help Lissandra and instead of a successful gank, it resulted in a 2 for 0 for SHC since by going bot Froggen gave away any pressure All had on the top side.   Granted Lee could have gone top earlier even though I am not entirely sure if they could kill Lissandra even 2v1 since the escape, the snare and the ulti are good tools against the very soft cc Trundle and Lee have.
1	As the whole point of the league is to settle disputes between the different nations of runetera I'd occasionally like to see 'battle rotations' or something of the sort. I.e. the champions in the free rotation can be split into 2 obvious teams such as noxus vs demacia, with 5 champions from each.   I understand this can't happen every week or some champions wouldn't get featured, but it'd be nice to see now and again.
1	5/6th is relative. Look at who they faced and their draw and the teams they placed ahead of and who they drew. Plain fact is that they can hang their hat on beating Curse.EU who got knocked out by Curse.NA.   What else can you pull from this? They lost better than they would have lost before? You are being a twat just as much.   Keep hanging onto that 5/6. You can bring it up in all the dick measuring threads about the NA scene until the next big tournament. Meanwhile, NA is woefully behind in meta and are not as studious as the other regions. S3 is only going to wreck NA more because EU and Korea will have the kinks worked out far before NA. The whole grasping onto crap like 5/6 and missing the bigger picture is just showing the issues with NA teams and fans.
1	From a player from a dying game, I would say  as long as riot keeps promoting the competitive scene, and keeps the game competitive then this game will have a HUGE longevity. Riot ha the perfect formula for getting casual players to play their game and converting them into competitive players so they continue to play the game. I came from the competitive Halo community, which at the moment is practically dead (we would be lucky to get 6000 views for a tourney stream). And the only reason why Halo has been dying as a whole is bc it isn't as COMPETITIVE as they used to be. The devs of halo (343i) have been catering the game towards the casuals for the past 2 games. Which screws them bc sure the game will be popular for a week, but it went on a HUGE decline after that, solely bc there is no 'drive/competitiveness' in the game bc it IS to casual.
1	I don't know about others, but my game experience on eu-w has been very bad lately. I realized i was ignoring 3+ persons every game, and some champs are unplayable or a hinderance to your team.   There are bugs like the dmg on recall still applying but not stopping the recall, and a bunch of bugs like that that have been around since 2010.   Most of the items are overnerfed or useless in a normal game, flash is still mandatory, ranged adc are still mandatory (if you want to raise your % win chance ofc).   We still have to wait 2 minutes before the game starts to have some action, baron is still impossible to ignore and try to win while the other team is at it still makes no sense. Afk problem is still unresolved, despite the fact that someone joins late almost every game. After some dota 2 games i can say about half of the lol games wouldn't even start after the connection check if they were to adopt that system.   But what i dislike more is how the game has made innovation almost nonexistent, today "innovation" means start to play some champs that were good 2-3 patches ago and now they are playable again after some changes. Innovation as far as build are concerned is impossible, every champ has got forced into an "ad" or "ap" build style, apart from some, most of which are unplayed/unplayable. Adcs always play with the same opening, same runes, same build path.   Laning is neutered, games almost always go to 40+ mins, it all boils down to who gets first 2 mid turrets, then wards enemy's jungle looking for picks, then siege as 5 when someone is dead, then get baron and win. Always the same, it's not possible to create a different winning strategy, unless you are so far ahead as a team that you can ignore baron and win straight away.   Never since i started playing have i been so bored with the game, and most of my friends shared this concept with me, without me even asking for it.   Oh i met people playing with scripts too, the famous cassio script 2 times, 1 time the ryze script. Co-op games are filled with bots. Dominion is a joke since its release. There still are champs with 0 skillshots, and they even see some play at the top level.   After urf was disabled i realized the game is in this state cause riot wants it to stay this way, should it really be so difficult to buff/change champs like maokai and let him see some play? Or nautilus? Or galio?  Vel koz was released and guess what? He can't kill people from full to 0 in 1-2 seconds like the other "viable" top champs, he has no dash/jump ability. He will be probably get forgotten like my loved viktor.   I am taking a break right now, it's not funny anymore to play 45 mins games while everyone is flaming everyone and closing games feels like giving birth to a child.   Sorry for the rant, i used to love this game, always hoping for those many many problems to be resolved, but i don't see it happening anytime soon. 2 cents of a noob gold player.
0	Depending on what kind of "emoji" you mean, there are two big reasons: A new standard would have to be put in place for all phones, which would make older phones obsolete and outdated, and all text messages would have to be handled differently.   But first, a little background.   1) Assuming you mean the iPhone or Android emoji, it's because they are a special kind of character. It's kind of like adding more letters to the alphabet, except they are faces (or whatever else the emoji keyboard adds - I haven't used an emoji keyboard in 3+ years). So your phone "alphabet" (for lack of a better word) might contain 100 characters (A-Z, plus all the faces and symbols that the emoticon-keyboard adds). If you get a message that contains that special character, it knows that, "Hey, this is actually a heart, not just some mistake". However, an older phone/phone without emoticons might not know what that character is and replace it with a hollow rectangle.   2) Assuming you mean just typing ":)" and it turns into a face, that's just depending on the app/text viewer you are using. Older phones will read that as is, and most newer android devices will actually translate that into an actual face (I'm current using Android 4.1. I'm not sure if older versions use this or not - if someone could confirm, that would be great).   3) Bold, italics, and underline are all HTML [DOMs][1] that are translated by your browser, or whatever client you may be using to view a webpage (henceforth referred to as browser), to change the attributes of text.   So, lets say you have the text " Italicized text ". You see it as text that is italicized, but how does your browser know the text is supposed to be italicized? Well, the actual HTML code probably looks something like this:   &lt;i&gt;Italicized text&lt;/i&gt;    *For those of you who know actual web development, yes I know you can use CSS and wouldn't need to use the tag to italicized text; this was just for the sake of example.   Now, why can't most texts have bold/italics/underlined text? There really isn't a reason, and technically speaking, this could already be in place. But it would require either a new standard of texting to be put in place (i.e. one that supports either HTML DOM or something new), or just use a special app for texting that can properly translate messages to do so.
1	Game is from the US not NA, NA is a region consisting of Canada, the USA and Mexico (surrounding islands included), glad you got that right - I didn't even say the game wasn't created in the US, because it was - I'm simply saying I play on a server which has nothing to do with the US   Your second point doesn't even make sense, things are more expensive in EU so even if there was the same number of people purchasing things in NA as there was the combined EU servers, EU would pull out ahead   What the fuck are you talking about!? You have a clear graph there that tells you more people play ranked in EU than NA - so if every player purchased 1000 RP for a skin, you have more income from EU servers - I myself have spent £60 (~$90) on RP so there's my contribution   I used that insult to show you how ridiculous it was
1	When i usaly go cassiopeia i will open with my boots and 2 doran's rings. I got mp5 per lvl runes also. But i don't get THAT oom. And by the time i got those items, i have gotten blue buff. What you need to do is conserve your mana and don't spam all to much. Hit them with your Q and then 1 or 2 E and then go back to farming with your auto attacks. Thats how i hold my mana up pretty high and how i can survive till the second blue.   And 2 doran's rings is a good starter. And you still get that burst and ap wich you need. I feel like as soon as i go level 6 i will be scary.   This might not awnser your questin though, but i think ryze will need some sort of minor buff or change? I also would consider that every energy guy needs some sort of minor buff to the energy itself. I know that they shouldn't be as much as a mana champ but they never get OOE (out of energy). But mayby minor the regen of the energy a bit. This will get an nerf to every energy based champ though (lee sen, shen, akali and kennen).   Lee Sin is realy strong now so i would see it happening to him and he might get a bit nerfed mayby it's enough or not i don't know.   Shen has been a strong pick for a long time now. I would consider the energy nerf would be good on him also. Instead of just spamming his skills out like an Cooldown based champ (katarina) Wich can just spam out the skills asap. Then shen would be like "hmm, the teamfight is about to start, should i do my taunt and then tele to an ally or should i taunt and then shield myself? or should i taunt and Q someone?" I think it would be just about perfect.   Kennen will be about right, laning phase he can just spam out his Q all the time and harass (even if it get's nerfed). But the teamfights will be changed just as shen.   Akali, i myself have not so much experience with akali but when i have played her i can't realy spam my Q alot but they could fix it with lowering the Q energy cost or something.   Thoose are just my 2cents.
1	It's not radically new, it's what people already do except that you're saying bottom is a roamer who can jungle instead of a support.   The counter to excessive roaming is to have your 2v1 bottom push tower down (not zone it, as some people initially think, since it just means you have 1 zoned lane against 2 zoned lanes and a camped jungle.) There is a misconception that you should zone bottom. One of the reasons the Euro carry+support destroyed the American roamer bottom meta was because the Euro lane could crush the tower too fast 2v1.   Also, at high tier play, any time you switch lane set ups, your opponent tends to switch them too, and usually ends up ahead somehow--see: any of the 5 times somebody tries to run a kill lane vs CLG, only to find CLG's carry and support mid or top.   I think your plan is somewhat valid however it's not really "new meta" material because first of all, if both teams are doing this, it would just be silly, and second of all, since Team A has two junglers who are usually on opposite sides of the map, it creates a problem where Team B will be able to outnumber you on bottom/east most of the time. So if Team B's jungler runs into Team A's counterjungler somewhere, Team B's support+carry can peel off and help hunt him down for an unequal fight--and considering how hard it will be for Team A's 2v1 bottom to get past his pushed creep wave, it may indeed be a very lopsided fight.
1	I don't get it. They say he is too strong when fed and too weak when not fed. Isn't it some kind of REWARD to be strong when fed? I mean, come on. Rengar can't farm up and be super strong, he HAS to get kills in order to 100-0 someone. You had to master Rengar to be super fed and I think that was a good thing. Even when he is fed there counterplay. One peeler is enough to keep Rengar off of the target.
1	Remember some of my games as xerath. i played him pretty ok for the first 30 matches. ok k/d. regular flash/ignite. nothing special. Then when i got better i decided to switch out ignite cause i usually wasnt in range for it anyways depending on the enemy mid pick. I picked tp - people flamed. I picked cleanse - people flamed. I picked barrier - people told me to use ignite. (in most of the games i were fed btw. or at least won my mid). Then i started using cv. Why not? My biggest problem were that the enemy junglers always ganked me and my map awarness was too bad so i took cause whenever it was up i could help my team with vision or simply know if the enemy jungler is coming to kill me and also i would learn to watch at my minimap more often. Used it 3 times. got 10/3 in like every game. Carried everygame. "Report Xerath for Troll Summoner Spells" at the end of every single game.
0	As someone who worked for my student union for one year (and I'm white), I think there is some truth to what you're saying but also I think you're a bit ignorant about some things.  First - "clubs" like Race & Ethnicity, Mature Students, Queer Alliance, etc. are all done to provide safe spaces for people to engage in. In theory, white people don't need those clubs because the world is more-or-less designed with us in mind. To illustrate this point better, imagine that someone is making you feel like complete shit during a class, or a meeting, or a party - you have the option of packing your shit up and walking out. Marginalized people can't just pack up their shit and walk away to a place without racism/homophobia/etc.  So, that's why those bases are essential.   on the other hand , I completely agree with you. Every student at my university has to pay $60/Semester to the Student Union in a levy that goes to renting those spaces from the university. They have lounges, and events and bake sales... and although the white kids are paying for this services, they don't get anything back. That is fine, on principal because we have a social conscience.  What's not fine, and where I became completely disillusioned with activism was that people expect you to PAY and to CARE and NOT PARTICIPATE.  If we're paying the $120/year, buying from the bake sales and signing every petition you harrass us with, then we should feel some sense of fraternity/sorority.. but we don't.  This issue is always best demonstrated (in my opinion) when  Men's Rights  groups advocate for space on campus. They are almost always met with overwhelming resistance from almost all other groups.  I worked in peer support for a number of years, and the amount of men who would benefit in great ways from a  Men's Center  is substantial. Esepcially with the double-standard in society now about "Being a man" and "manning up". Crying, talking about our feelings or expressing vulnerability is something we're trained not to do and it leads men to perpetuating a lot of social illnesses.  That is to say, I don't think there should be a "white students center", but there should be a "Student's Center" that isnt' race or gender specific...
1	Because as much as people don't want to hear it, there are truly few professionals in the eSports world. The one's that you know of that are huge, are that way because they are fair, honest but censored, and knowledgeable about whatever game they might be casting. Than there are other people, who are "big" in their own rights (head of something) that won't be here/there for long, or at least not in the spotlight, that really show how the majority of the people that attend eSports events are at the highest of levels.
0	Okay, imagine it like this:   Say there's a deer in a forest. The deer notices something - maybe a twig snaps, or it sees something out the corner of its eye. It could be any of the thousands of non-threatening/friendly animals in the forest. But maybe one time in the past it ran into a wolf, and that's not a lesson you forget. The deer goes on high alert and gets tense as fuck. It's not a voluntary state - the deer isn't thinking, "It sounds like a squirrel but I bet it's one of those asshole wolves". There is an automatic fear response to the slightest chance of a threat(cause evolution!).   So humans are different in that we can logically reason that it  isn't  a wolf. The chances of that are slim. This is 99.999% likely to be a good guy who just wants to get home and see his family and eat some good food. But there's still a tiny little deer in our heads, shitting bricks at falling leaves because  there's still a chance it's a threat . We do not think you're a rapist. We just heard a twig snap. Again, evolution, involuntary reaction.
1	I think this one might have been a case of "
1	As an ADC main, i feel a lot of people are here are just throwing out an opinion with hardly any experience in the role. Now don't get me wrong, im just a lowly silver 3, but that doesn't mean the opinion is invalid. My biggest concern now is that the ADC's role and lane presence mid game is too heavily reduced. Now that BT is completely invalid, bot lane altercations are far too one-sided. ADC's have almost lost the ability to try trading in lane without expecting to get all-inned, or all-inning themselves. Previously, you would see ADC's going at it all game, losing health here, healing up there, and continuing to fight each other in an extended altercation. Now, there's almost no chance of standing back and healing after a trade: the way the BoRK works completely benefits all-ins. In lower ELO, i've noticed that this leads to fewer extended, skill based trades, and more all-ins where the only thing that matters is the numbers behind your build and whoever can click and mash buttons faster.
1	I agree. It seems like the level of detail for the skin varies greatly from champion to champion.   The Mundo skin throws a trophy, which makes a different sound (visual + sound change)   The Shen skin (as you've mentioned) has a different sound for his AA, but not his Q.   The Ezreal skin has no change in terms of either visuals or sound. Personally I would love a red tint for ez's spells.   I haven't played the other 2 skins so I don't know what has/hasn't been changed.
1	Whenever I watch TSM games I see chaox get caught of position and xpecial carry hard. I know your arguing about AD carry, but I think xpecial > Chauster simply, because i see xpecial do much more clutch moves then chauster. Also chausters blitz is god awful, and it may be because of this that i think chauster is worse.
1	Thats definitely the kind of thing I want to see from high-level players. They all have the mechanics, they all have the knowledge, so you have to get tricky, not just change things to make it easier. Like when Dyrus failed his flash, but the guy chasing didn't, because it's diamond and you don't just mess up a flash like that. Except he did, and now Dyrus is safe, and the offending enemy (Wukong as it happens) is on the other side of a wall.
1	Some people don't enjoy playing games that are essentially over.  Especially when your teammates are flaming each other/afk.  It IS NOT FUN for them.  Whether or not you understand why it isn't fun to them doesn't matter.  They aren't enjoying the game and want to play a new one.  That is all that matters.   "Also I'd you think you are going to lose, you will lose"   Agreed.   So if 3/5 of your team has already decided the game is over why would you hold them hostage?  You just said if you think you are going to lose you will lose.   Obviously, if people are voting to surrender they don't care if they lose, or already have resigned to the fact they have no chance.   It is selfish to force people to keep playing when they don't want to.   I understand playing it out if your teammates want to.  Just because you don't think it is a waste of time to play it out doesn't mean everyone feels that way.  Do you ever like the feeling of wasting time?  So, why would you force others to continue to have that feeling?   In situations where your teammates have politely asked to surrender or you have 1 afk and 2 teammates that want to surrender, it is extremely selfish to force them to keep playing when they don't want to.   People, like myself, don't find playing out games that aren't close a good use of time.  Because, quite frankly, it isn't.  Even in ranked (which I rarely ever surrender) if you want to maximize your wins/minute then you should just surrender games you are way far behind.   Yes, you could win, but a large majority of the time you won't.  Move on to the next game where you are at least at 50% chance of winning compared to 5%.
1	Quantic really is a good team.  However, I really do think the management need to take a good look at how they have affected the team.  The point of having a gaming house is that you don't have to go to pc cafes to have stable internet.  Yet for the most important matches they play, it is suddenly decided that playing at a pc cafe would be for the best.  It is quite mindboggling when you consider that quantic might have had a better chance at qualifying if they had stayed in Korea considering they would at least have stable internet, albeit slightly laggy.  Furthermore, there is a certain amount of comfort that comes with playing at the same place;  hardly anyone can adjust quickly enough to play at 100% at an entirely new venue.   If I had any power, I would take the quantic's LoL team immediately, seeing as their sponsorship may now get dropped.  Even if it is not, I couldn't see the players staying with the management that somehow thought that it was a great idea to play 3 matches in a row at a pc cafe with their location known to all who cared to discover it.
1	The issue with naut and many other tanky junglers is that brusiers do it better early. In those early ganks they bring damage to the fight with some form of cc.(typically) For instance if you don't land a hook with naut you aren't doing anything pre 6.(its much harder to land than j4 eq or elise e or even lee q) Even if you do land the q the enemy can flash out before your slow or the .5 second root. It also only does 60 damage compare that to any of the top jungle picks damage output from their cc or that can follow their cc before the flash.(elise, j4, and lee have reliable gap closers as well)   The biggest reason to have a tanky jungler is for early(ish) tower dives which has not only taken a hit as turrets get buffed, but is hard to pull of as naut because he is generally all in and has no mobility after using his hook.(this is true for all tanky junglers pretty much) Elise and lee can get in and get out which makes them much better than tanky junglers at diving early.   Late game scaling is also an issue because for the most part damage scales much better than tankyness late game, and the fact that as a tanky jungler unless you get fed your going to have around 10% more gold than your support. Taking kills on a tanky jungler who has low natural damage output is really risky because your team(the damage) is not getting far enough ahead. For example leona, ali, and braum are all tankier than you will be even with the ~+10 gold income. Another issue is no matter how tanky you get that 5 item adc is still going to burn you down pretty fast after they ignore you and finish off the rest of your team. Top tier junglers still have ways to remain threatening even late game.(lee kicking the enemy adc into your team, elise can potentially kill the enemy adc or at least wound them heavily while getting out, eve kinda falls off, but that ult makes her really tanky and she is usually threatening enough to make the adc focus her and is kinda hard to kite)
0	From what I can tell it's a bit of a rubber band effect. They've had to act manly and "straight" all their lives, so especially when someone is fresh out of the closet, their personality "snaps" free, and goes all the way to the other side as a sort of defense mechanism. They don't want to be seen as straight anymore so they act like this so everyone can be goddamn sure they're not. And, again especially if you're a teenager, you'll find yourself making gay friends as well, and these gay friends will probably reinforce this idea of what a gay person should look and act like to each other.   I agree, it's an annoying cultural thing, but I have a certain understand for it, and I've noticed that most gay people I know grew out of it in their twenties, as they become more secure in their own sexuality. Most of them retain small qualities and quirks from that time, but that's the same way I still retain small tokens and ways of speech from my time as a punker. I might've grown out of it but it's still a part of me.
0	Disclaimer: (I am no biologist, just trying to remember stuff from school)   We have the same cells in our eyes (cones/ rods) and I believe they regenerate so we might see slight variations of color, just like we have different tolerances to touch but cold is still cold, hot is still hot.   Why don'ts you ask if a surface is rough how do you know i am not feeling it as soft?  Because it is course and grainy.  You might perceive rougher or softer than me but we both perceive it as rough.   This is just scientifically, but like a lot of people are saying it is totally subjective and it is a very popular paradox in philosophy.
1	Lee Sin is a natural jungler and is played there most of the time - hence why people expect you to jungle when you pick him. Kind of like Udyr, who is a strong solo top but is almost exclusively played in the jungle due to his advantages there.   Saying that jungling is "reckless" and "dangerous" is pretty silly. It gives you a big advantage in farming and xp if your enemy doesn't have one, as long as someone can hold a 2v1 lane which isn't actually that hard if they can last hit from under tower. Jungling is a very important role and control of buffs and dragon is not to be underestimated.   Lee is not the easiest champ to jungle either due to his sustain not being as good at early levels but he has very strong ganks. I would try out Udyr for jungling if you haven't done that - he clears the jungle extremely fast, and you can gank easily at lv4 after a full clear + wraiths, not to mention he has great sustain with turtle and stays relevant lategame.   As someone else mentioned, it doesn't hurt to try a few different routes against bots and figure out what paths are working for you. Especially with the new jungle, you have to be opportunistic about ganking. You can't afford to just camp a lane for 2 minutes and wait for them to overextend - if you see an overextended lane, gank it. If you can't gank, keep farming.
1	His logic IS flawed, because League of Legends isn't a boolean game. It's not a matter of "This beats that, that beats him, he beats her, she beats this." This means you will never be able to perfectly balance all the different play styles. This leads to the fact that one lane setup will ALWAYS be superior. It will provide the most pressure at the least cost to your team. Compare duo targons top to having a jungler. Some people say that the jungler provides enough pressure to counteract the extra gold you get from targons. Some people say the extra gold allows you to pull ahead early which negates the jungler pressure entirely, and then pull ahead of a jungler later on. We don't know which is strongest because the duo top targons strategy is too new. If we were able to play it as it is for the next 3 months, you would find that people would discover which strategy is the stronger one, and everyone would play that.   It doesn't matter how small an advantage any strategy gives. If it gives you even the smallest possible advantage over other strategies, it's the stronger setup, and as such everyone will play it.
1	I think you greatly overestimate the increased damage from pen. If I may:   With a flat penetration value the absolute highest damage increase possible happens if the target has exactly the same resist value as you have pen. For example if you have 30 mpen then the absolute highest damage increase possible will occur if your target has a maximum of 30 MR. The damage increase will be 30% in this case. If you have 30 mpen and 20 reduction from abyssal and your target has 50 MR then your damage increase will be 50%.   The above is, as I said, a BEST case scenario. If you don't penetrate all of a target's resists then you're left with less than a 1:1 % damage increase. If you walk into lane and gank a target with 40 armor on darius, speccing 0/9/21 just because you feel like eating biscuits and moving fast, then the damage you lose because of the no 8% ArP is fairly low on targets that don't have heaps of armor yet.   Comparing the damage between 8% pen and no pen on a target with 40 armor:   8% of 40 = 3.2   The formula of   1 + [ .01x ] * [ 100 / ( 100 + y ) ] x is the amount of mitigation you are penetrating. y is the amount of mitigation you aren't penetrating.    can be used to calculate the damage output.   So in the case of 8% on someone with 40 of the same resist type (3.2 pen) , the damage increase will be   1 + [ .01(3.2) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 36.8) ]     = 1.023    That is a 2.3% damage increase from the 8% pen on that target.   Using another example on a jungler that would usually take AS and not have pen (such as Maokai). Let's say the target has 40 armor and 38 MR, since they took armor yellows and per level blues and are level 3 or so and then use these values to calculate the difference between having pen and not having pen. 8% of both types of pen with hybrid marks vs no pen at all (ignoring the very slight increase of AD and AP you'll get at these early levels).   First, 8% of 40 and 8% of 38 are 3.2 and 3.04 respectively. Add in .9x9 ArP and .61x9 Mpen from the hybrid pen marks and that makes 11.3 ArP and 8.53 Mpen. Using the same formula (ArP calculations first):   1 + [ .01(11.3) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 28.7) ] = 1.083  1 + [ .01(8.53) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 29.47) ] = 1.066    That's 8.3% extra damage on all your physical damage (auto attacks for maokai) and 6.6% extra damage on all your magic damage (all abilities for maokai). Basically you probably do a lot more damage than you think without pen :D
1	Whether or not people reply to a post does not make it automatically fix any violations of the rule.   It is not related because it's about you being a personal chef, not about any aspect of the game or related eSports. At maximum, the post only has  tangential  relevance because it's somewhat related to relevant organizations, but tangential relevance is not enough to be  directly  relevant.
1	This is just a satire to Riot Fining Scarra as the coach of CLG and connecting it with poaching him for the position from DIG. May be due to Scarra predicting Riot's positions 2~3 years ago and he got fined now.
1	I don't think that Cinderhulk is the problem, its that due to teams opting into a lane swap in 95% of every game. And in a lane swap the top laner gets starved for the first 10-15 minutes of the game, sometimes so badly that they have less gold than supports do. Pro teams have resorted to double jungling because its the only place the top laner can go in order to not risk getting tower dove for first blood and pretty much the only way that they can get any gold. I don't think it should be a huge surprise that top laners finally just said "screw it if I'm going to be sitting in the jungle following my jungler around until the mid game I might as well just take smite and jungle myself". Getting an extra +30gold on camp clear and being able to clear camps or even the scuttle crab by themselves makes them a whole hell of a lot more relevant and I'd wager probably gives them an extra 500-1000 gold over what they would normally be getting due to not taking smite.   Overall I think pro teams have forgotten why they lane swapped originally. You originally lane swapped if you picked a poor laning adc and you would let your adc get a few levels to where they could start laning a little more safely and then swap back. Now top laners are largely irrelevant until 30-40+ minutes in the game if at all.   The lane swapping has gotten ridiculous,  the fact that laners are taking smite over flash to try and get some semblance of gold is proof of that. On top of that nobody even likes lane swaps. Pro top lane and adc players have even said they hate lane swapping but only do it because they have to. The fans definitely don't like watching lane swaps, we like watching the test of skill 1v1/2v2 of the laners with occasional jungle interference. Riot has been letting lane swaps exist for the last 3 seasons now but lane swaps are now starting to get more and more toxic to the game.
1	We all know what is the stereotype about Poland and the British government approach to that, of course it's our fault English people don't have jobs because we take them, sadly nobody mentions the fact that we create them as well. He maybe tried to make it amusing but  apparently it is clearly seen it's his serious opinion.   Congratulations on not watching the video and seeing the asian host being late and Thoorin saying "well, I'm going to be racist now since I'm pissed, I thought asian people were good at math", it was just friendly banter, these people are friends with each other for what, 15 years. If you GENUINELY think he's a racist/thinks polish people are stealing jobs (where the fuck do you see that in his remarks) then you are an overly patriotic, nationalist nutcase who shouldn't even be allowed to be on this subreddit.   And seeing the pictures you linked just confirms that. He has nothing to apologize for, he called your country a shithole referring to infrastructure and living standards, which is OBJECTIVELY TRUE. Those are much lower than in Germany/Britain or whatever the fuck. He didn't say shit about polish people. Grow the hell up. I live in Germany and I wouldn't want to live in Poland either, COMPARED TO WHERE I LIVE it's a shithole, while this is a harsh word it doesn't mean that I hate the polish citizens, obviously that would be absurd.
1	Please just add in unique items with abilities similar to Dota's items: Eg.  Force Staff: (Pushes any target unit 600 units in the direction it is facing)   Aghanim's Scepter: (Upgrades the ultimate's of certain champions)   Black King Bar: (Grants magic immunity for 10/9/8/7/6/5/4 seconds),   Ghost Scepter (Enter ghost form and become unable to attack or be attacked by physical damage, but take 40% extra magic damage.)   Skull Basher: (Gives a chance to stun for 1.4 seconds. Bash Chance for Melee Heroes: 25%/ Bash Chance for Ranged Heroes: 10%)   Shadow Blade: (Makes you invisible until the duration ends, or until you attack or cast a spell. While Shadow Walk is active, you move 20% faster and can move through units)   Scythe of Vyse: (Turns a target unit into a harmless critter for 3.5 seconds = Lulu polymorph.)   The only unique items league has that actually has an interesting active is Zhonya's, and GA every other item active in the game are actives that slow the other people eg. Randium's Omen, Rylai's, Frozen Mallet, Twin Shadows, etc
0	Performance wise, the Exige seems like a really fun car to own and drive. I don't care for the aesthetics though. I think it's the bug eye headlights that ruin it for me.   As for the Ferrari, I'll take an F12 Berlinetta please :)   Edit: Speaking of Lotus, the 2014 Esprit looks amazingly sexy   Edit2: Apparently this is the [2015(?) Elise]( concept. Want.
1	Funny how everybody downvoted me when the patch-notes were on PBE and I said it was a buff not a nerf.  So many salty ADC mains telling me I was wrong and that 50 rnge is insurmountable.   Now he's banned because I was right, it was a buff, so much so that he's not even bugged and they've disabled him.
1	Hmm here we go. You are in division I of your tier. Closing in to 100 LP. And you think it's weird when you gain low LP gains. Let me tell you the truth. U don't belong where you are right now because this system is more forgiving. So you will gain less LP to make sure you become better before you can gain a tier. Because gaining a tier is a permament change.
0	Active duty here. I agree.   However, I do want to point out that once you enter the service, and  you see the things most of us have seen, it changes you. It's difficult to look at civilians in the same light after the those experiences, knowing that they will never know the horrors you've witnessed. You take solace in the brotherhood of your brothers in arms, knowing they share the same "changing" life experiences. Knowing they could get through some of the more elite physical, mental, and emotional tests this country  has to offer places you in a group of individuals that are "in" understand.   I probably didn't explain myself very well, but:
0	I hope you realize people on reddit like to make fun of the projection that people like you have of them, and this is just an example of that.   Also: the
1	The reason why sheen items are so good on TF, nid, fizz, etc..., is because they have spells which uses up with lichbane proc as they hit the enemy champ.  TF's pick a card does the spell damage, and the lich bane proc.  On top of this because lichbane works on towers it makes tf a tower destroyer.  Same for nid and her Q in cougar form.  On top of that nid spams spells which makes her get maximum use of the lichbane.  Fizz obviously uses it on his Q and W.   Orianna it isn't bad because she spams spells, but it isn't great either because she hardly autos in teamfights because a lot of the time you want to keep your distance, and you are only doing damage with your ball and are too far away to autoattack.  Ryze no because there are better items.  Leblanc is busy building other items that are better because he needs to 100 to 0 someone from a combo so she needs items like, deathfire, deathcap, and voidstaff.   Lichbane (or frozen fist) is a must have on AP ezreal, because his Q proces the lichbane proc.
0	YES A MILLION TIMES YES! Nothing drives me as crazy as this. I don't understand how people don't do it. It's rude and absolutely disgusting.  I also work at a Chinese place doing deliveries, and when they take their lunch breaks I just don't know what to do with myself. They chew while talking, slurp as loud as possible, and smack their lips. It's like they TRY to make noise. Is this a cultural thing? Is it acceptable in other places or are they just not well mannered?
0	You think that's bad? Years ago my wife and I went for a ride on my motorcycle. I had a Yamaha Royal Star cruiser and made a U-Turn to head home. Some bitch didn't like that I was in front of her tried to push us off the highway into the ditch for a solid 5 minutes. She then started flinging chicken mcnuggets and a fucking plate out of her car window at my bike. I managed to slow down and get behind her and she just sped off. Ready for the kicker? My wife was pregnant at the time with our first born son, and we didn't even know it.
0	I do my best, and dear god yeeeeesssssss. This by far has been the best relationship I've ever been in and its because we talk about everything. We always make sure we understand each other on an issue and always find a compromise that makes us both happy. We've only fought once in the 9 months we've been together and that's because we don't bottle things up and assume the other person knows what the other did to upset them. We just say it. Now I'll admit sometimes I have to sit there and prod her a little and sometimes I actually end up figuring out why she was upset with me for doing or saying something before she does. In the end though, We always know where we both stand on things.
1	Very easy to counter. Basically, even in blind pick, chances are the other team has a counter to kat (stuns, silences, knockups, knockbacks). In Draft Pick you might actually get a chance to see her, IF one of the teams has none of the above cc, and she gets lastpicked.   On the other hand, someone might be really dumb and first pick kat, like it happened to me the other day, so I just lastpicked Annie and long story short, we won :)
0	There's your problem. Even top tier applicants have to apply to 15+ schools. It's expensive, definitely, but in the long run it's more expensive to apply to only a handful, get rejected, and have to reapply subsequent years.   I'm sure you already know this but with a small number of schools like that it's not even about your metrics anymore. There are simply much more qualified applicants and there are seats, so sometimes you get binned just because you were the unlucky one that got tossed away.
1	The actual thing is more about effective-hp efficency. Lets say you have 1000 hp and 0 armor compared to 500 hp and 100 armor. In both cases your effective health(the amount of not-reduced damage one can sustain) is the same. Thats where lifesteal/heal/shields makes difference. You have to lifesteal twice as much health in first example then in second. However if you have tons of resistances and low hp and still want more eHp, you can buy warmog. Though I don't think that any champ would want to buy 5 pure defensive items and boots.
0	In NJ, on a multi lane road, you MUST keep right of the leftmost lane except to pass or to move to the left if there is an emergency vehicle on the right shoulder with its emergency lights on.  You can be issued a ticket for failing to observe this law.
1	Cheer up, i definitely know how it feels.  Just feeling like everything you've worked hard for isn't good enough and you need to start from ground zero.  But just remember you're long term goal, whether that is being Rank 1 Irelia or getting 1 million subs on Twitch.  You'll also need to understand that even if you make a video and its absolute horseshit as long as you're learning/improving from it thats what matters in the long run.
0	I beg to differ. No electricity, no water, and rubbish everywhere. That's probably why a lot of people are mad. But what people don't realize is all those stuff is not controlled by Morsi. Heck, he couldn't even use his power when he was elected, hence the "controversial decree".   He (Morsi) is his own enemy. He is too soft. He couldn't even throw all those corrupt judiciary people out. And forget the police. Have you been to Egypt? Not helpful... at all.   Baradei, with his fellow oppositions, joined (perhaps subtly) by left overs from the Mubarak days, capitalized on all these problems to start the revolution. A powerful Morsi is dangerous to them (ex-Mubarak). They need him to fall before prosecutions can happen.   The media? There's 30stations++ who keeps 'cursing' and blaming Morsi everyday, so what do you expect people to believe in? If this was Mubarak he would've closed these stations any day.
1	If I'm Jungler and you don't have flash you'll be sharing your lane with me cause I'll be camping you into the last division. I played against a teemo with exhaust ignite, poor guy. Some say he's still afk till this day. I'm only Gold IV and I get the giggles when I see a champ without flash cause I know I'm gonna feed my laners like an obese child.
1	Agreed.   I don't know how many times I've played Akali and had some smart ass pick Lee or other "counters" only for me to wreck faces. And it's not like I'm a great player, but I have hundreds of games with Akali, she's second nature to me and someone picking a character they have played even half of that with can't hope to beat me because I know the limits of my character and what she can do.   My favourite aspect of this is when someone low on hp tries to bait me into a fight under their tower, only for me to Q, R in and then R out on a minion. Or even better, the max range Q that takes an age to reach them, killing them as I walk away, like a boss.
1	My best advice for getting out of the 1100-1400 range is to learn how to dominate your solo lane/jungle. Junglers have HUGE impact in games at lower ELO brackets, so if you can learn how to jungle really well with a strong champion that won't be banned very much, go for it.   The way I got my ELO up was to play Akali or Morg mid if first/second pick, Cait/Ashe/Vayne bot if 3rd pick, WW/Lee/GP jungle if all above roles are taken. Garen and Nasus are great picks to learn how to solo top with, too. Easy to learn and can impact the most important stages of the game. Most players at this skill level have a very hard time making a comeback after losing their lane, so outfarm them and don't allow them to kill you or your tower early.   Only engage the enemy laner/jungler if you know you can kill them or make them b. Don't die for stupid reasons. If you don't know where the enemy jungler is and you are pushed up to their tower, for the love of god don't dive them if you can't kill them safely. I have seen so many people dive, get the kill, and run away with no hp only to get one shot by the enemy jungle. You do not want to trade kills to their jungle for a kill in lane.   Ward everything. If you are jungling, ward your enemy's jungle. It might net you a kill or a stolen buff, while denying him the buff and time alive. Wards will save you from a gank 100% of the time if you place them well/have a predetermined escape plan. Don't go blind! Make sure your team has a CV(always).
1	This. I feel that with the removing of clamping, the extra spots in Challenger and now this.   Extra spots in Challenger will mean 150 less people with Dia 1 99 LP. I think that's good.   Removing of clamping means that it's easyer to get dia 5, but harder to get to plat 1, so overall same thing but the hard part is split into equal parts rather than just at plat 1- dia 5.   This change, if they did it right and didn't mess up the code, will just have effects for a very small quantity of people for which it was not a problem anyway. Most of them will be smurf accounts and boosters later on. If these people will get a big win streak the good old division skip will be translated into a no-promo division skip. Do you think that is such a big deal? I don't. This system is not meant to give people divisions for free, but only if they are way higher anyway (so they would have promoted anyway, just that a few games later).   >being plat 1 this season soon will be like being Gold1-Plat5 season 3.   Yes and no. Over the existence of this game (I'm not here since beta but s1 though) there has been an interesting evolution of player skill and an overall growth in skill. If you watch the 1st World Championship for LoL in S1, the level of play, even under that meta is probably at what you'd see now in high gold. But that's what happens to the overall skill, from a player repartition perspective what happens in any type of game that has this tough learning curve is:     Older players like me eventually get to plat dia if they are willing to learn and not blame others.     Then there are the newer players who are willing to learn, but they are just too new. And these people are in gold-silver.     And then there are the people who just constantly blame others and never care to improve and for which it doesn't really matter for how long they play because they will still refuse to learn. And these can be found in silver-bronze, maybe a few golds too.       The people from group 1 and 2 will always strive to be better and more and more people will be high elo. (a trend that I noticed since S2) You may even see new talents rising to be better than the pro's who were doing this for a long time, because the fresh players come with new ideas and motivation and they raise the bar.
1	i actually played lee sin/jax to get to plat.
1	You're the stupid one if you can't even understand what he said. His friend is playing bad (aka toxic play) so that in the end everyone reports his teammates because they flamed through chat while he said nothing but enraged others with his lack of team play and unwillingness to win.
0	I celebrated my graduation because I was homeschooled for the majority of my lower education until I turned 18, moved out of the state, and finished my junior and senior years with honors. I had always wanted to attend school (especially as I got into my teens) but my mother refused, so I thought I would just wind up with a GED (at best) and a McJob. I also finished my associates in December and am attending a top level art school in the fall to earn my BFA. I likely would have had a lot of trouble if I hadn't gotten the diploma, so I was pretty fucking proud of myself. I was also the only girl in my family to do so.
0	You are sorely mistaken if you think all military members sign up to kill. Sure there are douchebags that the OP was talking about but that is by far the minority and those people are seen as immature idiots, at least in my circle. Most of us are here for sensible reasons like to pay for college or to provide for LOVED ones. Almost none of us want to kill and thankfully most of us won't be put in a position where we have to. There are normal jobs like air traffic controllers or legal assistants that never see combat. Your statement is based off ignorance and that's okay.
1	Oh, whats that? You banned out Anivia, Lee Sin, and Corki to target Froggen? Aren't you forgetting something? Oh shit, Wickd just instalocked Irelia or Jayce. Snoopeh gets his tree or mummy. Froggen still manages to pick up Karthus, Orianna, or Ahri. You straight up need 6 bans just to ban out Froggen's tournament level champions now that he's made it his goal to expand his picks (what with the 12 hour a day practice on Lee mid one day, then 12 hour a day practice on Corki mid the next, etc.) and even if you had all 6 of both teams' bans at your disposal, you'd be leaving Wickd and Snoopeh's signature picks wide open.
1	For me a REAL friend is someone I can rely on. Like, when i'm in deep shit a REAL friend will take a shovel and at least try to dig me out. I've got, like 3 REAL friends, and a couple of dozen of acquaintances with whom I hang out, go to movies, play video games and shit like that. I give them the benefit of the doubt, but so far only 3 have proven themselves.
1	Harass, you have a ranged poke. If he uses his heal try land taunt, wd he just reduced his grit chance. Try for taunts into some of your minions. Your 1 and 2 are worse than his but your 4 is probably better. If you get a level first use the chance. Never go for a long trade unless you have much more health because of his crit rate. Don't forget taunt massively reduces damage. And fast tabi will infuriate him.
0	So while I think that this person is a GGG in her life, I don't think that makes someone who doesn't choose to do this a Scumbag Stacy, or even just regular.  Each decision when it comes to pregnancy, especially pregnancy and cancer (and a whole host of other illnesses) is complicated and personal and is going to be different for each person.   Some people are going to do what this person did and risk their life in an effort to save the life of their child.  This has both pros and cons, and those cons are very heavy, but for some people the pro (their child living) is worth it.   Other people will think about the cons and value them more heavily.  Does that make them a shitty person? I don't think so at all.  I think they are doing exactly what they need to do.  Maybe it isn't worth it to them to have a child who will grow up without a mother.  I think we have this instinct that a woman is somehow required to value her baby's life more than her own, and I think we should question that.
0	I see a lot of BS in here, and not a lot of good info, so I am going to summarize.   Disclaimer: Africa is fucking huge. none of these comments applies to all people in Africa. There are, however, some cultural norms that are highly prevalent in many countries on the continent that help to lead to high fertility rates. Please recognize that these statements are not intended to dismiss the very real shifts Africans have made socially, economically and culturally in the past century.   To wit: The answer is, education, culture and infant mortality.   Education: Anyone who looks past their hands can figure out what causes babies, but what is much more difficult is estimation of how children will  negatively  impact your  physical livelihood  (meaning we completely ignore any emotional benefits). In many cases, children are an  economic benefit,  as they can provide labor for the household from a very young age.  In industrialized nations, children cost money until they are in their teens because we have laws forbidding them from working a full work week and mandating they attend schools. In Africa, children can work on family farms or in villages and provide valuable services for a family from only 18 months old.  As such, a significant percentage of African children do not attend school, and are not educated about things such as family planning, budgeting, labor exchange etc. Which leads us to culture.   Culturally, there are a lot of reasons Africans have such a high fertility rate. 1st, Much of Africa is paternalistic, meaning the wants and needs of the wife and daughters come after those of the husband and sons. If the husband wants sex, often a refusal can result in very negative consequences both within the family (beatings) but also in the society (refusal to acquiesce to your husband has been grounds for death, in some cases).  2nd, large families can, as noted above, provide labor to care for the whole of the family, leading to a general notion that larger families are better.  3rd, If you can afford to educate one of your kids, it will be your son. 2 kids? both sons. 3 kids? if you have 2 sons and a daughter, you pay for better school for your sons. Lack of education about planning and welfare means that many women literally are simply ignorant of the fact that they might benefit the work force with their labor, rather than simply being a baby factory, as they are raised to believe their job is to care for the family, not participate in the work force.   Infant Mortality: In industrialized nations, we have rapid access to reliable, good and extremely specialized healthcare, giving us the lowest infant mortality rates in history. Never before have so few of our offspring died before 5 years old, to the point where we expect if we have only  one  child, they will live to bury us.  In many parts of Africa, the nearest doctor is miles away, and often that journey must be made on foot.  This means that  vastly  higher numbers of African children die before their 5th birthday than in industrialized nations. So, do you wait to see if your son or daughter makes it to 10 before having another? No, you make a very macabre calculation about how many of your children will die, and then you have more than that number. Often, it isn't unrealistic to expect 1 in three will not live to 10. That, in conjunction with the above and growing access to healthcare means that large families tend to stay large, leading to a rapidly expanding population.   That is the snowball on the tip of the iceburg of an answer to your question.   How to fight this? Education of women.  Every single study  done on the subject notes MARKED declines in fertility rates as well as infant mortality rates when you educate girls. The spreading effects and economic returns are staggering.
0	When I was younger, this zero tolerance crap existed in my school, not sure if as much in others.   We were all walking into class when a moderate dick at the school stops at random. I try to find a way around him, and I accidentally flat-tire him. He thought I kicked him in the shin deliberately and full-force pushed me into a nearby desk. Being caught off guard, I scramble to my feet and nudge him with a "the hell?" look. I try and go to lightly kick his leg and he grabs mine.   I then got detention for a week.
0	Indeed. As this illustrates, automation isn't the main issue in our society. The main issue is that the fruits of the automation are hoarded by a small class of capitalists, rather than shared with the wider society.   Scientific, artistic, and technological advancements are not the results of individual brilliance more than they are culminations of the societal and cross-societal collaborative efforts. The fruits of these advances should be shared more widely; not used as a tool to further disenfranchise those who labour for their living
1	Discounting someone's opinion entirely based on rank is an issue the Sc2 Forum has and it's a very bad logical fallacy. A logical fallacy is a device that sounds logical but is, ultimately, false.   For example: I'm sure somewhere, some bronze player swore by Ravenous Hydra Kha'zix. That probably wasn't the most optimal build at the time, but it's still a good build. That Bronze player was probably insulted, ridiculed, and laughed at by the "superior diamond players."   You could have an IQ of 30 and still possess the ability to say something right that is an apt criticism. It's highly unlikely, but possible. Credability only determines the likelihood, not the certainty, of being right or wrong.   Likewise, it doesn't even matter the "Mechanics vs. Knowledge (it doesn't matter if you can execute the play, or if you can think of the play, either way, it only matters if you can make plays). Criticism can be correct from any source, all that matters is what's said.   With that being said, this isn't criticism "OMG Wikd sucksa so bad 4 buildin' trinity on Malphite." This is illiterate bashing, if you want to have valid criticism change it to something more akin to this "Trinity Force is inefficient on Malphite outside of laning phase and other items offer better tankynesss while still providing a damage boost, and thus allow Malphite to fulfill his role of tanky initiator anti-carry.
1	So I've mained AD my whole LoL career, and if I've learned one thing, it's how to team fight as an ad carry. I used to try to dive for the squishier carries to get rid of their damage. That worked sometimes, but a lot of the time I would just get bursted down by their tanks and carries at the same time, so I changed my play style. I figured I would evaluate the people that were diving for me and think about how much "damage" they could do to me. When you're getting dived by champs like shyvana, you need to just maximize your damage and kite her until she is dead or is running away (never chase after a low hp tank while there are other higher priority targets). But champs like amumu who have no real threat after they engage (amumu ult is pretty much all he does in team fights), you can basically ignore. Yes he does some damage, but in all honesty, you should be able to just go for a higher priority target while your support/tanks keep them off of you.
1	I mean, Ahri basically spends the whole video running (is she oom? lol) and doesn't even carry/summon her orb until she oneshots Zyra (really)   cd? oom?   and also the cinematic try to be more "realistic", thats why champions keep geting 1 shoted.   how hard is it to understand?   >  Near the end Rengar comes out of stealth and just keeps staring at Darius for no reason.   again, a more realistic aprouch with a touch of drama. You know, a cinematic is not a replic of what you do on SR. It woulndt be fun at all to see a cinematic of draven AA all day long...   > Draven manages to miss an auto attack.   realistic touch...
1	No, I can't imagine you'd get banned for simply playing from a different IP address than normal for a few games.   For example, I play on my desktop 99.9% of the time, but there was a tournament at my school, so I played on a laptop on the school network instead of at home. Of course, I used my main account. It would be pretty unreasonable to get banned for playing at a friend's house. There's no way.   However, if you have someone else playing for you from a long distance for a lot of games playing champs you don't usually play and doing extremely well, Riot may well (hell, probably do) have a way to detect such anomalies.
1	Armor runes scale well at all points in the game and health only really helps you out in the early game, Amor runes aren't bad enough in the early game to justify and extra 78hp.   Also remember that Armor is assisted by health items increasing your "effective health" so 9 extra armor will help you get more effective health if you end up buying a banshees, 78hp will not increase your effective health anymore than the 78hp it provides.
1	Queue up with some friends who don't rage for normal games (if available). At the end of the day it's a video game and you should derive some sort of fun from your experience. I understand that leveling up can be tough. I almost exclusively did it with friends at first. I loved queuing games by myself at first once I hit 30 but after a few bad experiences I would only play if my friends were with me.  I honestly didn't stop having anxiety about playing until I played ranked with a friend. I started to play on my own after that and ran into a few more bad people.  Again, all it took were a few good games to realize that it isn't so bad. If I ran into people who were raging for no reason, raged over first blood, gave up at 10 minutes etc I would mute those people. My ignore list grew and grew. I started to just ignore everything and work on my mechanics/game sense. Had another period where I was too anxious to play then one day I just said "fuck it" and wen't head first into it again.   After all of my practice I noticed that I was significantly better than people around me, the people who "raged". They would get so caught up in what they thought was right that they ignored crucial mistakes that they made. I'm not saying I'm perfect or I make the best plays but I was able to think with a clear head and make game winning turns in fights or pushes. I went from Silver V to Gold in a matter of 2 weeks just focusing on my own game, watching streams and tournaments, and after a month of practicing in normals with friends after I wasn't pleased with how ranked was going.
0	First off, I have nobody to talk to.  Honestly, nobody but one individual (who doesn't want to talk about it) can help because there's way too much info to take in (a therapist could probably help but hasn't been available recently).   I just vented to myself.  I would sit there and go over what I was feeling, spilling out everything that came to mind, just to get it out of my system.  It helped a lot because otherwise I would have all of these built-up feelings that would really keep me down.  I felt calm after my vents and clear-minded.  And then just two days ago  (I think) , I began recording myself when I vented.  Because of that, I felt obligated to go into detail about exactly what I was feeling.  I stopped being extremely repetitive in what I was saying and began to stop sobbing constantly (though I did still cry here and there, but not  nearly  as much).  I had to use my brain, come up with a sentence, and spit it out like I was telling a story to somebody.  These recordings (3 in total so far) all last just over an hour each.  I then later listen to them like a podcast, examining every second, going over to myself how I was feeling at that time and why.   Another little way I helped myself was try to get back in contact with a friend of mine that I hadn't seen in over a year.  I ended up inviting her to come over to where I was and we ended up having a really fun time catching up with one another's lives.  I was in a happy mood and we plan to meet up again before she takes off for college in a few weeks.
0	This might seem insane but (if she isn't joking) she may just be wondering if there are people you are friends with who actually don't like her but won't be honest about it as long as you're with her. Just my take, could be wrong though.
1	Well, I guess then Sundance should take a look @ tales of the lane (which had better production value, atleast in my opinion) and other bigger tourneys which probably run at a fraction of the costs MLG has.
0	I was in the ER, and in the bed closest to me was a drunk guy who was complaining  about back pain.  I heard him explain to the Dr. that his back hurt and he did not know how or when it started.   After examining the patient, the Dr. told him that he had been stabbed, and the blade was still in his back, since the handle was broken off it would be hard to remove.   The doctor pressed him for any more information about when, or how it happened, saying that it could make treatment better.  Drunk guy said he had no ideas, and the Dr. should just pull the knife out and he would be on his way.   The Dr. left, and Drunk girlfriend showed up.  He told her a story about Drunk best friend stabbing him, and then driving him to the ER.
0	Nothing pisses me off more than college kids on the godamm bus I commute to work all year on the bus and the best time to do it is July and august when all you fucking kids are back home doing whatever now it's September's again and I get on there loud as Fuck and for some reason smelly as fuck(I deduced that college kids don't shower more than twice a week where I live
1	Get good at game by your own measures; this way you'll get confident you can win regardless of which lane you're made to play, cuz you get a couple or more champs to play all of them. Get more confident overall, this way you won't ph34r losing, you will assume you'll win the game before it even starts ("winner's mindset").   Don't think of winning or losing as the purposes of games you're playing; the purpose is to get better. If you learn from every game it doesn't matter whether it was a loss or a win.
1	Even if this was true, which is not, this team would never succeed. For the one and only reason. They are toxic. And it's tightly connected to the reason why they are playing good. If they are stripped of their toxicity, they will play bad or they will even loose any interest in competitive scene. And with their attitude they will disband in 3 months, or get banned again.   Their main driving power is their own demise. And I doubt it will change throught their whole life, except through some sort of miracle, like witnessing God and turning to religion, developing brain tumor and completely chainging personality, ending up in army and after an ambush and 6 months of imprisonment by some third-country army finding new view for life.
1	For what it's worth, on the topic of new wireless routers, the last time I had to buy a wireless access point I returned about 4 of them because of connectivity issues.  I finally got around to just trying the cheapest one that the store had, which worked perfectly and still works perfectly today, many years later.   It was a linksys WRT54G, version 6.  These days I highly recommend WRT54Gs, which I believe are still in production and still cheap.
0	I met someone like this a few years back.  Was a house party on the Oregon coast and I walk in the kitchen.  A black guy introduces himself, shakes my hand, and announces to everyone present that he "ain't no faggot".  My wife thought that was strange.  This guy was a trainer at a big gym franchise, and the whole night his topics were working out and how he hates faggots.  He even went as far as to say that if he had colon cancer, he would much rather die than have "some faggot stick his finger up my booty."   When he asked me if I'd let someone do that to me if I had cancer, I said hell yes.  I like living.  Then he called me a faggot.  At least he would die "a man", according to him.  I LOLed.
1	I honestly dont think Janna destroys her. Hmm actually if were talking competitive play maybe. But if you have varus and leona in lane, Janna is way to squishy at level 2 to stand up to an all in. Usually I can land my eq combo with varus quick enough to kill her or force her out before her adc can even get off her 2nd auto. Post 6 is a bit trickier ill admit, but either way were talking about more entertaining the LCS. I think Janna and Leona would be much more entertaining in the LCS.
0	Stamina in bed is not stamina in the streets. Some muscle guy, who could beat the shit out of me in 10seconds,  are 2pump chumps. Other guys who are fat slobs have some ninja mind trick to tantra hump forever.   For a female perspective I don't think  stamina  is as important. I may not like banging a starfish but it's not game over like a busta.
1	I went from 90 points in bronze 2 to like 15 points in bronze 4 over 3 days in an epic rash of bad teams.  I dont in any way shape or form mean to say that in those games I didn't make any misplays, but at multiple points in that stretch of time, I had a whole lot of really really bad players (I dont mean like a couple bad decisions, but 1 to 2 players on the team that would be 0/5/0+ by the 10 minute mark. or afk/troll picking AP nid support and ONLY splitpush, etc) ANYWAY, I went all the way down, and soloqueueing after that I was consistently last pick, and unfortunately most people dont realize how differently the jungle functions than playing a lane and/or even though I have pretty good ratings with most of my jungle champs, people just absolutely refused to support and would push me out of the jungle.  I actually really enjoy supporting, and have pretty good win/loss with a few supports.  Anyway, I like playing just about anything (I dont like to ADC, my last hitting isn't amazing in duo lanes, and I genuinely find it kinda boring early.) but that's why I rarely get to jungle.
1	I won a game I THOUGHT was impossible to carry. A support blitz that didn't know how to play blitz... OR support. I was mid and had to buy wards instead of blitz, he was too busy buying armour against their tripple AP team, with corki ADC, instead of wards. Only pull I think I saw him land was when I was about to hit ori ulti on a target, and he pulled him out of it. And he pulled him to a position that was overall better for the target than where they were...   We still somehow won that through playing carefully, not doing stupid throws and wait for enemy team to throw instead.
1	See, this is where people are misunderstanding. You can use the drop hack to just lag out specific people and disconnect them. YOU DON'T HAVE TO DELETE THE GAME FROM MATCH HISTORY. How will they climb if the game is never recorded? They only delete the game from match history when they are scared of getting caught.   This happened to me in a game and I constantly called out their predictable disconnect uses as drop hacks until they relented and just made everyone d/c and remove the game from match history.
1	I'm an engineer for a living, and while I don't help look after infrastructure as large as Riot's I don't deal with small potatoes either. What you guys have to understand is that, just like the last time this happened, the details and investigation regarding downtime of this nature takes time. You have to gather detailed packet analysis, identify where the instability or traffic issue is both originating from and where in the chain it is exacerbated or halted, then come up with a plan to not only deal with the problem but also introduce countermeasures to minimize its impact in the future. This is what happened last time - don't you guys remember the detailed answer we got once the engineering team had completed their work? That's what we'll get here.   I say minimize and not prevent because if this is not a stability problem but another instance of attempted attack on the servers, it's an arms race. Network and infrastructure instability due to malicious outside attack is not to be taken lightly and anything beyond "we're looking into it" takes some time to talk about - and releasing detail about potential countermeasures makes it easier for groups to sidestep and re-double attacks. You can bet that when they do say something, Riot will have already been in progress or have done what they have said they're doing to bring server stability back up to par.
1	The thing about AD carries is that generally their kits are very very similar in that they all mostly auto attack. You can't really stray from that formula without either making a ridiculously powerful champion that has powerful autos as well as powerful spells or making an underpowered ad carry that relies mostly on spells (like ez). So, it's kind of hard to put out a unique ranged carry when there are already so many that have very similar playstyles as ranged carries.   Same with support, there are only so many ways you can design them without them being better suited for other lanes or just completely unviable.   When it comes to AP and tanks/bruisers, they either completely rely on their skills or rely on them much more than ad carries. That fact allows for so many different designs while still being capable of being balanced.
1	Leona in lane hits 3 powerspikes at levels 2, 3, and 6.   For the first spike, what this means is you need to hard push your lane and hit level 2 earlier than leona does. If she zenith/stuns you while you're only level 1, it will at the very least, burn you through your pots, and then she's just going to all in you again once off cd.   If you hit level 2 first, try and all in her. If you at least burn leona or her ADC down to half health and keep them there, she definitely won't go in on you before she has shield, and even when she gets it, she'll still play passive until it's stronger when she hits levels 4-5.   If both lanes are relatively equal, you need to keep her bush warded starting the minion before she hits 3 so you can keep an eye on her. A full QWE combo out of the bush with an ADC that can proc all 3 passives could probably kill you, or send you out of lane and start it snowballing away from you.   Understand that leona is all-in with 0 sustain. That's it. Which means if she can't all in you because she's or her ADC are lower in health, abuse them and don't give them time to recover. In line with that, If leona  does  all in you, watch how many of her passives the opposing ADC procs. If they're synced enough that they pop all three, GTFO. If the ADC is late following up and only one gets popped, Switch the aggression around. Those passive procs account for a bit of leonas threat, and if the ADC misses 2/3 of them, thats 70-100 damage they missed out on. Now, if you and your supp go ham on the other adc since leona no longer has any peel or burst, you may actually come out ahead. Just remember, leona's combo is ~10s cd. If you're still skirmishing when that comes off, it will turn the fight back around.   Be aware, if you're in range to AA Leona (unless cait/kog/trist), she can probably get a zenith blade off onto you. Its best to harass her with skillshots if you can, and only with AA's with your supports skills off CD in case she all-ins you.   When Leona hits 6, she  will  go all in on you. Do not stay in lane without your support. Do not count on your tower saving you. Giving up some CS/XP/Tower to wait for jungle/support so you don't die is far better than giving up all 3 + a kill. The Range on her ult is approximately 3/4 of a screen away, so even if you think you're safe, you're probably not. At 6, If you can see her on your screen, she's a threat.   Ultimately though, Leona isn't countered by ADC's. The other support is what shuts down Leona. I climbed from low silver to Gold 1 (Plat soon, hopefully) on leona's back, and the only time I really had problems was seeing a Janna or Ali on the other team. A good Janna will ruin Leona's world, and I mean shit all over it like a puppy with diarrhea. Ali will make Leona second-guess every all in since she requires her adc to follow up. An Ali headbutting away the enemy adc when Leona goes in just leaves a stuck Leona getting beaten in the face.   After Lane phase is over, you need to make Banshee's Veil a priority. I  will  aim for you with R. If I hit it, the team is coming for you. Know that.   And this is just advice for all champs in general, but if leona is behind, she has a really hard time catching up. If she can't survive going all in, then most of her usefulness to the team if negated.
1	Sped up Chess?   Starcraft II can often require faster reaction times, awareness and decision making (much more intensive decision making at that) than CS or League of Legends. There's a reason that the discrepancies of skill between Asian-EU-U.S. in LoL play are less significant than in Starcraft II; because, put bluntly, Starcraft II is that much more difficult.   Actually, what I said was also a little unfair; LoL  can  be more difficult in the sense of teamplay etc. But even though you have to coordinate and communicate, I think that Starcraft II still wins out because of how intense it is on each single player on each side.   I don't think a real RTS like Starcraft (C&C, AoE, etc) can be compared to a turn-based game in any extent, really.  Because you're managing  everything  with an RTS like so; economy, the positioning of all units, military production, military movement and combat, vision/knowledge, et al.   League of Legends is still a demanding game; the smallest miscalculation on how much damage you can do versus X champion can be a kill or a death for you -- and some times, those airtight niches are actually ripped out into the eSports scene and amazes caster and viewer alike. It's kickass to say the least (hence why I'm here). And whilst I can always drill on about the booming and threat of all of the micro players need to do in Starcraft II (sometimes to do some thing as simple as come out evenly), there's a  ton  of merit to those who can coordinate and play effectively together to achieve a singular goal  together .   I think LoL requires more intuition than any thing; it still takes awareness to avoid ganks or untimely events and besides that, I think nearly all skills and champs by themselves are quite easy to play. A lot of people think Orianna is very skillful, compared to every other LoL champ. I can see how she is more difficult, but it didn't take absurd amounts of games with her for me to become adept with her; the ball is a straightforward addition and with the changes they've made to the UI to make it even easier/informative, Orianna has become an easier champion yet again.   The skill isn't in individual play; it's knowing what boundaries you can breach against another player. Those  tiny  calculations some times have chance involved; you may be looking at if they're not focused enough and you're able to do some thing before they can. If they  are  focused enough, you could very well and easily die. But you take an educated guess to strike against them for a definitive lead as best you can. And it can work. The same happens in Starcraft II as well, actually; it's a pretty good tactic to draw a player's attention to multiple places. One article is  exceptional  for [this kind of thing.](   Worth noting that quite a few players are over the age of 22 in Starcraft II.  I'm not ripping into you and had no intent to appear like I was; just thought this was probably the best opportunity to yammer all of this.
0	They come from two specific roots: 'th-' words come from Proto-Germanic [* sa ]( oblique '* þa- ', a determiner meaning "that"; and 'wh-' words coming from [* hwaz ]( a general interrogative pronoun.   Specifically to OP's question, there were two types of adverbial extensions to these roots, * hwa-n , "at what time", * hwa-r , "at what place", and * þa-n , "at that time", * þa-r , "at that place".   In West Germanic languages, * hwan  and * þan  were further extended to * hwannai  and * þannai , with what I assume is a locative suffix, but with the same general meaning. These last two are the direct ancestors of English 'when' and 'then/than'.   "What" and "that" both come from the neuter nominative forms of these two roots.   There was also a second determiner, [* hiz ]( meaning "this". It more or less crumbled apart and became the basis for English third person pronouns: "he", "him", "her", and "it" all come from this root. But the original meaning still lives on in the adverbial extension * hēr/*hi-ar , "this place", source of modern English "here".   A little more on the 'wh-' words: "who", "whom", "what", "why", and "how" all come from it as well, originally being the inflectional cases on the one root. "Who" and "what" are descended from the masculine and neuter nominative, * hwaz  and * hwat , respectively; "whom" comes from the dative case, * hwammai ; "why" and "how" each come from a variation of the instrumental case, * hwī  and * hwō , respectively.   The back rounded vowel in * hwō  caused the approximant /w/ to disappear in English "how", leaving only the original voiceless velar fricative, which regularly became /h/ word initially, but disappeared in front of other consonants.
0	Why do you have to tell your whole life story when you know she's probably not going to be able to handle it?  If you end up getting married to this woman, sure -- tell about your ex's horoscope, likes and dislikes, and the length of her morning pee for all I care.
0	So I'm going to let you in on a bit of knowledge that will probably go unappreciated. The completely raw meat of just about any animal is, bar none, the best meat in the world (exception pig, never eat raw pork, ever.) Thinly sliced raw beef is a treat to die for and raw venison is majestic. But then you have the problems of transportation and storage.   If you shoot a cow in the head and eat the meat right then and there, it is literally, the best thing you'll ever taste, really, just the memories of it make my mouth water. But that is highly impractical, chances are most of us never will get to enjoy that. So the meat has to be processed and cured to some degree. I'm not going to go into unnecessary details, but processing the meat makes it unfit to eat raw (it is really fucking disgusting, but I won't go there).   That's a shame, because as I said earlier, "the raw meat of just about any animal is, bar none, the best meat in the world" so by the time it gets to your local super market, you have a slice of great meat wrapped in shit and germs. You have to cook the meat long enough to kill the germs on the outside or you're going to have a bad time that may include a trip to the local ER.   So we have this interesting problem, the more you cook the meat, the safer it is, but the less you cook the meat, the better it is.   By the time the meat gets hot enough on the outside to kill the germs, you've pretty much ruined all the meat outside. If you are lucky you have a core of great tasting red meat in the center.   That's traditional cooking, and that's where Sous Vide cooking comes in. Sous Vide is about cooking meat at the lowest possible temperature and persevering the lowest possible safe temperature, and thus the best possible taste.   Sous Vide is the best tasting cooked old meat possible. It is amazing, the flavors that happen with Sous Vide, they do not exist for normal people.   But people are scared of raw meat. So when you cook a Sous Vide dish, you fry it up in a pan with oil, and make it ready for the customer, by burning the outside and making it look "right."   Truth of the mater is, a raw chunk of beef taste greater than most people will ever know. People don't get that, and transportation sucks, so the best most people will ever know is a hunk of meat run trough the Sous Vide cooking process.
1	For me ranked is an addiction, i'm just too competitive and after losing i have the feeling i NEED to win, to finally win my diamond promos.. But its just so frustrating so i play more and more to finally get out of plat 1 and be a diamond butterflyyyyyy.. :[   SOOO.... For me ranked is addicting maybe making him stop playing rankeds will help. Cause then he has no goal to achieve = no rage = having fun, etc and maybe it will lead him to stop playing LoL.   Or u could just fix a hot girl for him loool ;p!
1	I don't have a way to reference the client right now but I feel safe guessing it's because then you wouldn't need to buy RP and everybody would have a bunch of champs for free.
1	The money isn't everything thing is't a good comparison, because a spoiled rich kid didn't work and earn themselves the money, it was given to him. Qtpie has the skill and earned the Elo himself.   A better comparison is a kid from the streets ending up some billionare on wallstreet because he had the smarts to do so. It's possible, yeah, but YOU have to be skilled enough.   Supports CAN 2v1 and CAN carry out of low elo if they deserve to carry themselves out. I'm a shitty player, but a friend of mine is diamond and I've seen him 2v1 and carry as his adc (sometimes me) feeds.
0	That's a tough one. I had a boyfriend who was... statutorily raped, I guess is the way to put it, by a 40-something female teacher when he was 16. Like any child molester she made him feel special, invited him over to her house for special study sessions because he was so "gifted," flattered him, pushed his boundaries until he was having a full-on sexual relationship with this woman that involved all kinds of kinky shit (and got him an A in a class he likely would have failed otherwise). We dated about five years later and he was pretty messed up in a whole lot of ways.  But the thing is, if said teacher had been a guy, it wouldn't have happened in the first place. If a male teacher had put the moves on him he would have freaked out, reported it to his parents, guy would have lost his job at the very least. But the fact that there was this whole societal narrative in the first place-- what a badass, fucking the teacher for an A!-- was a big part of why he submitted to it to begin with. And initially he was pretty proud, made for a good drinking story, and he was smug that he'd had all this "experience" that most young 20-somethings did not.  ... But then, after about a year after we started dating, it began to dawn on him that in fact  he'd been used, abused and manipulated by this woman, he was likely not the first or last of her class pets, he was not the conqueror. Then he became a full-blown raging alcoholic.
1	I'm a brazilian who born in Brazil and still live in Brazil.   u no brazil i es #1 brazil hueheuheueh   Edit: Seriously now, I'm brazilian too.   I must admit that I think it's hard to find some good brazilian players over there. Ok, I'm not the best, and I'm totally aware of it, but my "dream" is to make a good team of brazilians and play in go4lol and such things.
1	I am a generous jungler and give away almost all my buffs and even a lot of my camps, I like to aggressively gank/counter jungle instead.   However, I still believe laners should generally ask before taking jungle farm throughout the laning phase. Its not so much that the camps won't spawn fast enough as communication is ALWAYS important. Just ask, I'll probably say yes, but please ask. Why? Well firstly it's polite, it shows that you respect your jungler and their role in the team. Secondly, you have no idea what my intentions are, maybe I was intending to aggressively farm till level 6, maybe you taking golems and wraiths just screwed up a strategy of mine, who knows? You don't, because you didn't talk to me about it. If you ask we can work together to achieve compatible goals. If you just say, hey can I farm golems? I can take that into consideration when I'm judging my clear time and gank opportunities and we can work as a TEAM.   When communication is there I have made some really great trade offs by sharing jungle farm, I've given my top free farm on golems and they have consequently got super farmed and won lane without my assistance allowing me to focus on the more fragile mid and bot lanes. I've had mids who I've given the wraith camp to and as a result they have warded the enemy wraiths and helped me to counter jungle. There are benefits to sharing jungle farm and not acting like "hey all this here is MINE", but it requires communication.   There are definitely situation where you are going to want to take all jungle for yourself, generally when you are behind. There are also situations where you won't want to give away buffs, like when your mid is losing lane and will probably just give it to the enemy mid. Just to clarify, by losing lane I mean feeding. If your Ahri is 0//0/0 but is having trouble holding lane because she is always being pushed by their Malz, give her blue. The CD and mana will allow her to spam her spells, take pressure of her lane and start roaming like she should.
1	Jungle Cho does work, but there are so many better choices for both Cho, and the Jungler.   I understand why you would think Cho would be a good jungler, he has pretty good, if not great, sustain in his passive, his ult seems tailor made to kill minions, and he has good CC. However, this is not enough to combat some of the drawbacks of Jungle Cho.   The main disadvantage of Cho, IMO, is his low movement speed compared to other junglers (also he doesn't have a gap closer). This makes clearing the jungle slower despite him killing creep camps at a moderate pace (not factoring in Feast since junglers don't care as much about clearing camps after lvl 6, more ganking). More importantly however, it makes him prone to counter jungling and losing to the enemy jungler.   Without the speed to get to camps in danger of being stolen, an enemy jungler could easily come in, take a few camps whilst completely avoiding Cho'Gath, and get out, seriously hindering Cho'Gath, while Cho can't even counter back for the same reason.   This also gives him less dragon control, resulting in easier dragon kills for the enemy, worth quite a few champ kills in gold. While he makes up for this with easy Feast steals, he does not need to jungle to do this. In fact, he would have better dragon control if he was bot, since he would be closer to dragon on average.   Also, although his CC is strong, his knock-up is iffy at best and easily dodgeable by an attentive enemy, his silence is only close range, and, as stated earlier, he has low speed and no dash so he can't really give chase unless he lands a Rupture on the run which any Cho can attest to being an arduous feat. Since you have to put the rupture in front of the enemy, it is even more visible, and sometimes, you just don't even have enough range to do that.   His long cooldowns on his spells also hinder him from being a dominant force when trying to clear jungle fast or ganking, since after blowing his Q and W, and maybe an R, he has to rely on his relatively weak autoattacks to kills the enemy, made even harder due to his slow chasing.   Some of his roles such as being extremely capable of stealing buffs from the enemy and not dying ever can be used as effectively whether Cho be a jungler or not.
0	It's a complicated historical accident, basically. Democracy was still a dirty word at the time of the founding, though that was starting to change ever so slightly, and there was no real historical precedent for representative democracy. The US model more or less helps invent that idea.   Many of the founders would have called their government 'republican' but that really wasn't particularly descriptive of a form of government, since historians today would describe a varied set of regimes as republics including Rome until Augustus, the classic English constitution, and the Italian city states of the late medieval and early modern period. We would today characterize these 'republics' as oligarchies of various kinds. And this is to say nothing of various other regimes, including absolute monarchies, which would have claimed to be republics.   What made the US model different from these other republics was primarily its source of legitimacy. In the US, legitimacy was linked to the will of the people or popular sovereignty. There was no sense that any particular class of society had a right to rule in the way claimed by the aristocracy in Europe. This is why the property restrictions on the franchise all but disappear within a generation and America embraces democracy as such during the Jacksonian era.
0	I don't think it's particularly bizarre to  feel  angry at everyone in a category you know benefits from being privileged over you on a daily basis. It's pretty human to have strong feelings of that sort, especially when something particularly egregious comes up and a majority of the people in the privileged category are clearly fine with it. It's just wrong to codify that angry feeling into a blanket statement as prejudiced as "I hate all [privileged group] people."   Edit: And, from having seen such statements made before, they're almost always hyperbole. Like you'll see someone say "Ugh, I hate [x] people!!!" and then later they'll soften it and talk about how hard it is to not take out their anger at a wide swathe of [x] people on their boyfriend who is also an [x] person.
1	He's not a trollpick, he's very uncommon and people get mad when you don't follow the meta.   However as Rule 11 says on the tribunal [FAQ](   Can I be banned for not playing the meta?   Players are not banned by the Tribunal for not playing the meta; they are banned for consistently creating negative experiences for others. We have data suggesting that reviewers of Tribunal cases are very thoughtful and accurate in their verdicts, so if you were reported for not playing the meta but were being a positive player, you can expect to be judged fairly. In general, players should feel empowered to play what they want and to try new strategies; however, this does not give you a license to be disrespectful or rude to your fellow gamers.
1	It's not just that he isn't helping, but that by killing low hp champs you basically give them full health and they can return. You want to let low hp champs sit in the back and fight to stay alive. Then when the teamfight starts and you get 2-3 kills you can kill the low hp champ and dmg the tower.   If you kill him right away the other team can stall and wait for him to return.
0	You see, some person finds something (snowden). Then journalists write about it, and some redditor shares it with us (usually with some false headline) and a group of redditors start what we call a circle jerk. Now, in a circle jerk logic holds no place and people with terrible ideas (revolution) are backed up, and anyone who has a different opinion gets downvoted into oblivion.
0	The guy is lying- she didn't admit that to him, look at his post history- this is what she actually said "So after a day of hanging out yesterday with her and her room mates around town, at the end of the night I decided to ask her if everything was okay and that I'd noticed some distance between us and she said she felt it too and the bad part was it didn't bother her. She said she didn't know what she wanted and that she doesn't know if she wants to be in a relationship. She said that she was getting over some personal issues(through therapy) and that she really wanted to focus on herself right now and be selfish.  We talked for a couple hours, it started out as we should take it slower and give each other some space for a few days to think about it to her saying that you can't go back from a conversation like this and that we should break up.  She said things like it sucks ending a relationship with so many positives, that we had so much fun together and that she wants me to be a part of her life.   I don't know what to do, I really care about this girl and it seems like it just happened so quickly.  Should I consider this over? Or should I just give her some space and see if she changes her mind and that its just a phase we're going through and that you can come back from a conversation like this?   Thank you for taking the time to read this and any advice or perspective you may have.
1	I want everyone that watches LCS to look at the winrate charts for champions. To many people think champs like yasuo/lee sin are op and need to be baned/picked. They are both part of the 20% lowest winrate champions. It goes the other way aswell, people will get mad at you for picking things in ranked that are never played in LCS, even though they are top 50% champs. If you want to know what's op in your division just use this: [lolking](
0	I once had a loaf with an odd number. I kept the last slice and bought a new loaf. As it neared the end, it became obvious that that loaf was odd as well. When the time came, I made a sandwich with the two final slices. It was probably one of the proudest moments of my life.
0	A Yule log is a large log which is burned in the hearth as a part of traditional Yule or Christmas celebrations in some cultures. The origins of the Yule log can be traced back to the Midwinter festivals in which the Norsemen indulged in nights filled with feasting, "drinking Yule" and watching the fire leap around the log burning in the home hearth. The ceremonies and beliefs associated with the Yule log's sacred origins are closely linked to representations of health, fruitfulness and productivity.   To many Europeans, the Yule log was believed to bring beneficial magic and was kept burning for at least twelve hours and sometimes as long as twelve days, warming both the house and those who resided within. When the fire of the Yule log was finally quenched, a small fragment of the wood would be saved and used to light the next year's log. It was also believed that as long as the Yule log burned, the house would be protected from witchcraft. The ashes that remained from the sacred Yule log were scattered over fields to bring fertility, or cast into wells to purify and sweeten the water.
0	That's okay man. Imagine yourself to be a hostel. Your feelings are your guests. Sometimes you get some nice ones, sometimes you get some nasty ones. Some guests stay a long time, some just a short while. Your job as a hostel is to accomodate all of them, without judgement. Eventually all of them will leave. And you will be fine.
1	Just got through gold 3->plat5 after 20 wins and 5 loose.  I can only add another thing. From your point of view, you rely only on jungle in order to climb to plat ? Is it ? It's not bad though it's better to learn some stronk pick for each roles. Like getting 3 char for your main role (Jungle ?), 3 char for your second role (Support ? Since ... It's a nobody play role ... KINDA.) and one for each others.   That's how i worked though i have at least 5 for each. About how did i climb ? I noticed that a lot of people ... prefered to play other things than support. So i learn how to support like a boss and learnt the power of a perfect duo bot. Out of 20 wins. 13 must have been thanks to blitz/sona Support.
0	I hate to wreck the party, as this comment is actually pretty funny, but heroin won't pass for insulin. (unless the person who found it has no idea what either one is supposed to look like) From a standard dealer you're only ever going to find powder/pill form. True you could cook it to clean it up a bit, then try to bottle it, but it will clump eventually from what I've seen. Also, If you found a dealer selling "liquid heroin" you're probably getting ripped off.
0	I would argue that prohibition creates 10 billion in tax burden to us tax payers a year because of incarcerations from marijuana. Add the revenue from selling marijuana and that is a big chunk of change. Not enough to fix the economy but an easy fix. Plus i mean its kind of immoral to lock someone up for selling a weed that does little to no harm. So it has a direct effect on every U.S. citizen.  Also, those violent cartels make half their money off marijuana sales. That being said protecting civil rights is also a big win.
1	b-bbuutt little legitimate news that use eye-catching headlines is the staple of esportshaven   I'm not arguing the legitimacy of your website/articles   I'm saying you use as little facts as possible with the most eye popping titles.   Sounds mad bro :^)
0	Exact same thing happened to me for a final project in my senior year of undergrad.  Guy could barely speak English, which I totally did not hold against him, till he turned in my paper which had no grammar errors.  Teacher knew he stole it from me yet I was the one who had to re-write my entire report because of this fuckwad, or he would fail me and turn me into the disciplinary board.  He couldn't even do the research part correctly and constantly asked for others' help.
1	I play a good amount of Sejuani (enough to justify buying a skin) and while I agree that her damage is subpar for the most part, it is NOT ignorable if you build around it.   After the usual philo stone and heart of gold, I always go for Sorc shoes and a sunfire cape. Sunfire cape is a great item for Sejuani (just like Amumu) because it meshes with her playstyle perfectly. She HAS to stick to people to do damage with her W and Sunfire basicly adds 44 DPS to it. Sorc shoes helps keep her W and Sunfire cape damage relevant past the early-mid game.   I sure people will bitch about how Sunfire cape is a bad item (it's very situational, not bad) but if you go full super duper tank (merc/tabi, frozen heart/FoN), people will simply ignore you because you do no damage and if people ignore you as a tank, you are doing a bad job. The reason skarner and udyr have to build super tanky is because that have to run up to people to engage a team fight (and eat tons of damage on their way). Sejuani has the benefit of being able to ult half the team and Q-E into them before they can even react. With this type of engagement, you don't NEED to be an ultra tank, just tanky enough to survive long enough to do damage with W.   I just don't think she needs anything right now. A lot of people are clamoring for Nautilus right now but even Sejuani does a few things better then him. Adding more damage to her would hella OP considering she has an amazing ult, good CC and good damage mid-game and further (early game her damage is terrible).
0	man come off it, i wasn't trying to insult you. it was more of a friendly "howdy stranger, you have time to do strange and pointless things. i will point it out." i thought it was funny and upvoted your posts.
1	My biggest throw was when the other team had all 2 of our inhibs, baron buff and had our forest fully warded. We turtle mode shit up actually ace them, quickly rushed into their base cleared their outter turret, inhib, and the two tower. Once we started attacking the nexus and my team is calling "GG EZ" I hit /surrender, and of course my friends would be derps and acctually accept it and we ended up having their nexus blow up, then immedietely having the camera move back to our nexus then having it blow up. We got the "Defeat" sign :(.
0	Just had this happen. Except we actually were intimate at the beginning for a couple of months until she said she wasn't ready for a relationship and wanted to work on the friendship. I posted what's below in a similar Advice Animals topic yesterday. The kicker is, I keep feeling somewhat guilty about how things played out and feel like I should reach back out at some point. Damn emotions.   >"This is how I should have operated. I reconnected with a woman I went to school with and we dated for a few months and were intimate. She then said she wanted to slow things down and work on the friendship and work up to a relationship. I offered to back off but ended up going along with it and settled for "more than friends". We only saw each other a few times over the next few months but kept up the texting, flirting, hypothetical talk about the future (marriage jokes, kids, pets, etc). Finally, she basically stops talking to me before and after my birthday (I saw her for that). I call her on it and she said she doesn't talk to any of her friends every day and is more comfortable slowing things down.   >I was pretty hurt by that and didn't talk to her for a couple weeks. Finally sent her a message saying that I hope she finds the right guy, that the mixed signals hurt, and that I'd like to be friends in the future. Never heard back.   >Texted her this past weekend to see how she was doing and see if some stuff on Facebook and Pinterest was her trying to send a message (Protip: It wasn't). But said she still wanted to be friends but pushed me away because I took her flowers when I went to see her for my birthday. Said it was too much. I said since we were "more than friends" that whole time I hadn't thought that flowers were over the line. I told her I still wanted to be friends, and was trying, but that it had been tough to just switch to viewing her as a friend after hanging on to that idea of being more for so long (not to mention having it seem mutual). She wrote back again saying that I made us out to be more than we were and I was coming on too strong now too.   >Well ouch. My point I was trying to make is that I'm cool with it if she doesn't want a relationship, I just wish she'd expressed it in a less painful way. Instead she tried to make me out to be clingy :/   >Feeling pretty gutted and misunderstood, I told her I was just making things worse and stopped texting. Typing it all out here makes no difference but it's cathartic. It's just a frustrating situation."
1	Eh, not quite. Going to use quotes to make sure this is clear so this doesn't become overly long and confusing thread. So this is how it is right now:       Group A and B are in the same country:          >The pairs were placed in Taiwan or Singapore at league officials’ discretion after the groups were drawn, but pairs could not be split up, as that would affect the bracket stage matchups .       Group A will be playing against Group B in the quarters.          You said   > Current: A+B Phase 1, C+D Phase 2, A and B go against C and D's in QF.   So you are half right here, A and B will be in the same country for group stages however A will play B, not A and B vs. C and D. Remember Quarters are in Korea.   Next up, my proposal:   You said:   >Yours: A+C Phase 1, B+D Phase 2, A and C go against B and D's in QF.   Half correct again, I want A and C to be in the same country for group stages but have the same playoff bracket as Riot listed above. A will play B, and C will play D.   The benefits of my proposal over Riot's is that it facilitates better scrimmages for teams. A and B groups don't want to scrim each other because they will meet in the quarters, same for the C and D groups. This normally wouldn't be a problem if the event was held in a single country but because its not, there are problems with having different servers or ping.   So if A and C are in the same country, they can scrim each other better since they can only meet in the Semis and would have better connections.
1	There are a few problems with this map for standard LoL play.  Main Points  will be in  Bold  while  Sub Points  will be in  Italics .   If you have a rebuttal or another point, feel free to let me know.     1. Lack of Minions extends game time/introduces a possibility for there to be no way for the game to end itself.   A. This introduces the possibility for players to farm IP and XP without actually playing.   B. This also prolongs the game since there won't be minions pushing lanes at all times. Instead, teams will stay near their jungle creeps and farm to max level/to late-game gear.     2. Excluding Champions, Wards, and Champion-Spawned minions, having Jungle Creeps only to gain EXP/Gold from keeps the entire team from progressing at the same rate.   A. Jungle Creeps with any respawn timer longer than 1 minute, especially weak creeps denies teammates gold and experience that they could otherwise need in order for their team to gain an upper hand against their opponent.   B. Having shared experience with some jungle creeps would end up reducing the overall EXP that the team would receive, effectively slowing their progress as a team.   C. Having shared experience for all jungle creeps would increase the overall amount of experience a team could accrue at the cost of denying teammates gold, though less so than if only a few creeps had shared EXP.     3. Characters with high-move speeds/stealth would become over-powered in this.   A. The stealth would allow for simple infiltration, ward placement, and creep stealing.   B. High-Move speeds would allow for easy creep stealing and early ward placing, possibly enabling fast moving champions to counter jungle in early game.   C. Abilities that allow for vision from either being in an area such as Teemo's mushrooms, or reveal on-hit such as Caitlin's Yordle Snap Traps, while performing like they were designed to, would be much more effective if the entire map(minus Baron and spawns) was affected by Fog of War.
0	Oh they exist. I've meet plenty - I attended the most ultra liberal patriarchy-hating college I know of. Every day I'd see and hear things that made my jaw drop. Seriously, it was amazing. I sat in awe as a student presented a slideshow on why male sexuality was strictly one dimensional. I was told that I wasn't allowed to criticize the depiction of men in media because of my privilege. No I did not make that up - every cliche you can think of was uttered. The Onion has nothing on the shenanigans I witnessed.   So I know for a fact that these crazy self-labeled feminists exist because I traded barbs with them for over a year. And can you guess how this experience changed my beliefs about gender quality and femenism in general?   It didn't, because  letting radicals dictate your understanding of feminism is as stupid as letting conspiracy theorists dictate your understanding of politics.   Actually that's not strictly true. One thing did change - I lost any respect I might have had for the radical men's rights types who use their female counterparts to justify undermining the value of gender equality through the smoke-screen of removing the influence of radical feminism from our laws and institutions. When these people try to sell me on the idea that femenist ideologues are cackling as they conspire to strip away male rights, I have to laugh. The ones I met couldn't conspire their way out of a paper bag. Please, tell me again why such-and-such domestic violence law or divorce law is the product of this conspiracy and not merely an understandable vestige of a historical and cultural context that you seem determined to ignore. You know where I've heard nonsense like this before? From radical femenists! (I swear both these groups have so much in common with each other it's a wonder they haven't hate-fucked yet.)
1	If he flashed earlier it would have made no difference because Braum would not be able to throw an open Q anyways. He was debating whether or not he could finish Braum before his Q comes up so he can perhaps save flash.
1	There are even audio queues for you to realize that the game loaded. I get why you asked about it because sometimes I mute and forget that I started a game, but in the end it might be more frustrating since it automatically "pops" up when you hit the loading screen and if someone is trying to read something quickly such as a champ counter or something, they would be fighting popups left and right.
1	I absolutely agree that if you invade, you have to make sure your jungler steals the buff. I've even seen things like smiting early and the support getting the buff put the jungler almost irreparably behind.   However, on the laners getting behind... I'm somewhat conflicted about this really don't know how to strike the balance. I've had invades that were drawn out or where the invade fails and the jungler now needs a hard leash.   Our team might get ahead on gold, but our top laner is level 1 to the enemy level 3 when he gets back... given how snowbally that lane is and that top laners tend to be melee, this can rapidly turn into a very bad situation. Similarly if the laner is in for a rough time from the start (like facing a natural counter, or a weak early game champ vs a strong one) it could be a big deal if they miss anything more than that 2-3 CS.   Even with mid lane, some matchups can go very sour if the enemy gets a level advantage. It's not uncommon for mid to be decided by who hits level 6 first. Some champs like Cassio can get very dangerous if they're even allowed to hit level 2 first.
1	My tip to you (and this had helped me SIGNIFICANTLY) is to play one game (whether win or loss) and take a break. During this break, analyze your mistakes and what you could have done better. If you're frustrated from a loss, do something to take your mind off before queuing again. By playing in intervals, you reduce stress and in my opinion, I feel as if I have more of a chance to win. Been playing about 1-2 games per day and won about 8/11 of them.
0	I had a high school English teacher who gave me an F on a paper because she said I plagerized it when I didn't know what the word 'ubiquitous' meant in one of the direct quotes that I cited.   Then over the summer I was diagnosed with cancer in my spine which caused paralysis. So out of the 'kindness' of her heart she decided to let me redo the paper. I rewrote my paper while in a hospital bed and she STILL said it was only a rough draft and tried to give it back for me to redo. At that point I think my mom went bitch mode on her and told her she could shove it AFTER she graded the damn thing.
0	For students it can be very handy when the teachers use these "obvious numbers."  This means that once you solve it using the proper methods you have a very easy checking method.  This can help you to find out that you made a stupid mistake (1 + 1 = 1) or perhaps that you dropped a negative sign, and then there's the possibility that you did the method incorrectly.  This gives you the chance to go bakc and find your mistake before the teacher's red ink comes out.
1	honestly this deserves to be top comment and what is wrong with LoL as a whole. When you notice someone playing bad in league, currently, the community wants you to just shut up because you dont know if this person is about to commit suicide so "dont hurt their feelings." I know thats a huge exaggeration, but I mean come on. It's a game. If someone thinks youre bad at a game, who cares?
0	Please bear in mind that no matter how small your town is, or how large your city... No single post office handles your mail/packages. If the shipper is in the same town/ city, their carrier picks the package up or they drop it off at the post office.   From there it is put on a truck to go to the nearest sorting facility. There it is sent through machines that scan it to know where it goes and check for hazardous materials.   Assuming it just comes back to your town, it is put on a truck and sorted by clerks before it is received by your carrier. Should it go elsewhere, it is put on a truck to go to the sorting facility nearest you. There it goes through the machines again before being put on a truck to your post office.   One thing I noticed was that it was sent Parcel Select. The cheapest form of shipping. If the glasses are expensive, send them Priority. Insurance is included. If you can get the shipper to agree, send it in some form that requires a signature. If he has to come to the door to get your signature, it adds immediate accountability for the carrier. Insurance will pay for damaged goods.
0	There's nothing wrong with being an art major. Honestly, you should only ever major in something that excites you. If engineering or programming excites you, you're probably going to live a pretty easy life. You're going to find a job relatively easily and you're going to make a lot of money. Now, if you hate programming and do it for the money. Then, well, your work life is going to ruin you.   On the other hand, being an art major is a little bit harder but equally worthwhile. It's going to be harder to find a job and it probably won't pay as much, but if it's what you love to do you have to buckle up and pursue it. At the end of the day you'll be just as happy as the engineering major/programmer. However, if you pick an art major just because it's easy and you have no real passion for it, then you'll probably live a life of unfulfilling work and low pay.
1	Most champions can be categorized like this:   Easy to play yet hard to master in higher elo play, due to simple kit. (ie. Akali) Not played competitively. Rarely played in high elo, considered overpowered in low elo.   Hard to play, hard to master, easy to outplay opponents in higher elo player, due to multifunctional kit with lots of possibilities. (ie. Zed) Often played competitively. Not overpowered and well balanced.
1	Okay, seeing as you posted this already I don't think there's a reason for me to make a post myself. I just wanted to underline a very very important point Monte made in game 2. Sorry for the rant.   It doesnt matter if Link/Xmithie/whoever underperformed and I really dislike the big reaction that came out of these games: "omg bench X, there is no way CLG will be any good with them"   [2nd Game at 49:40 beginning]( is what I'm talking about. Or at [52:45]( "that's not Xmithies fault, that's picks and bans being terrible."   For the people that don't want to watch the whole thing (no problem with that), just listen to what he says instead of maybe jumping to conclusions from the match itself or the post-match  "discussion" thread  played game 1 and 2 just as good, if not better than TL and even if Link and Xmithie hit all their skillshots/lay wastes/gold cards Team Liquid would still have won the series overall. TL was better prepared from what I can tell, both mentally and ingame-strat wise and they were the better team. Instead of looking at individual play from CLG members we should look at the bigger problems, namely pick/ban and (imo) crumbling under pressure. Because I think CLG know they could have picked better, Xmithie knows he can hit those ults and Links TF is not as bad as he is made out to be in this series.
1	Just going by personal connotations:   Hugh Jackman and Famke Janssen for Graves and Leona (seriously, Pool Party Graves splash art and Leona in the Pool Party Login splash art).   Mark Wahlberg and Chloe Grace Moretz for Garen and Lux.   Jason Statham and Woody Harrelson for Draven and Darius.   Halle Berry for Karma.   Matt Damon for Jarvan IV.   Bruce Willis for Swain.   Jamie Foxx for Lucian.   Liam Neeson for Tryndamere.   Owen Wilson for Twisted Fate.   Channing Tatum for Taric.   Doug Jones for Singed.   John Rhys-Davies for Gragas or Gangplank.   Kevin Durand for Brand or Shen.
1	since I started akali my build has ALWAYS included a mejais.   she's one of the best heroes to snowball on, because she can beat quite a few people in lane, or at least farm well if she's not doing so hot. my build if i'm surely winning the lane and it's going to continue   boots 3xpot at start go back at 1350ish, buy mejais, ward, more pots go back to lane and play aggressive, continue to kill your lane every time you can, and go back with 650 or wait til 1850, and get Mobi boots + revolver, then roam to build stacks, finish the gunblade and then get a ga. the rest of your items are situation based, and if you're not doing too great you can build the gunblade before mejais, it'll help you become a threat in the mid game, even if you're a little behind.   Anyway, that was a really high attempt at me writing on wtf i do on akali. A lot of people hate on it but it got me to 1900+ last season...it can't be that bad, and I think it's perfect for carrying "elo hell games". Just my 2 cents.
1	To whom it may concern, First, I’ll post my credentials. Then, I will talk specifics. My in game name is; obey the frog My top rating for season 1 is 1310. I currently have 400 + wins in normals, and 170+ wins in ranked with close to that amount in losses.   I Currently Play: @Top Solo - Cho, Singed, Morgana, Brand, Gangplank   @Dedicated Jungler - Amumu, Udyr, Fiddle, Gangplank   Amumu has been my main for quite some time. I currently have 200+ wins on this champion and 2 Quadra kills to my name, but unfortunatly in normals, and a 61% win rate in ranked. The next 3 I almost constantly play because of how much fun they are, and always jungle. I have a good record on Udyr in season one ranked, 60% win rate. I have been playing Fiddle and GP much more in arranged 5 normal games than ranked and I am confident in both. Currently I've yet to be out-smited in my last 50 games at least, while jungling. It doesn't happen.   Giant wall of text-
0	The difference is that I think Reddit's sexism comes from ignorance, not actually thinking women are inferior. The vocal majority of Reddit just doesn't understand the way that women operate and so they come across as being "crazy". I will admit that I feel this way some times too. Women are just on a different wave length than men, thus women think men are immature or pigs, while men think women are crazy. It's really just a difference in culture.   Yeah I will admit that I think women are crazy sometimes ("I think" being necessary here, because who am I to say if I am right or not), but the key factor is not to voice that in a specific situation. These guys on Reddit who think women are crazy, say "she wouldn't date me so she's a slut" or whine about being friendzoned need to step back and shut up about their thoughts on women. Even if "all women are crazy" you need to shut up about it, because no woman is going to be endeared to you when you say "Man, women are crazy"
0	My ex and I agreed to having kids and when we started trying she had a "blighted ovum". Her doctor recommended a DNC to avoid cramping/pain  and said wait a cycle then go ahead and try again.  We tried again and she got pregnant and developed into a fetus however the fetus stopped developing early.  It was likely the DNC hadn't finished healing or her body was still rejecting the first failed pregnancy.  Either way a relatively high percentage of failed first trimester pregnancies is not uncommon.   Her and her twin sister declared that I must have genetically compromised sperm and continuing to have sex must have caused the miscarriage.  Her twin sister had undergone fertility treatment for several years.  They tacitly blamed me amongst their circle of friends.   I did my own reading and research and then spoke with her OBGYN when we went in for a follow up.  The OBGYN just did the 'these things happen - don't worry, keep trying'.
0	This doesn't relate to your main point, but addresses the "bro code." The usage of the "code" has evolved to encompass general social obligations hetero males have to each other and varies among different groups. One can spin many actions into the code, as it isn't strictly defined.   For example, if a friend tells a bro's SO about how the bro was bragging about cheating, it could violate the code on grounds of confidentiality. But that friend could counter with "cheating violates the code" or "getting me involved in your infidelity" as violations.
0	See I would think it is the other way around. If someone has there head up there own ass and doesn't nt know or understand their actions, or just don't care ok that's understandable. What i think is more morally reprehensible, is knowing what the right thing is and how it negatively effects people, then choose to so the wrong thing. Just because you are introspective enough to know you are hurting people does not stop the fact that you are hurting someone. Doing the wrong thing voluntarily, is worse. I hate hearing how people can somehow justify their bad actions, to themselves. You aren't fooling anyone else just yourself.
1	I've been getting low FPS when i get into random games for seemingly no reason since the Jayce patch. I usually have 60 FPS on max graphics settings, everything on my computer is rated 7.5+ by windows 7, so I should have no problems there. My internet is very good and never have problems connecting (I DL fast and have low ping). I can usually run 30+ tabs on chrome along with skype, 2 games, and background programs like LoL recorder. Only happens when I get into a game (nothing before) randomly and it doesnt change when I change graphics settings or reconnect. I have to restart my computer fully for it to go away (takes ~5 min so I come in being behind by like 6 levels) which makes me think its a ram problem. But I have 8gigs of ram...
1	First of all.. I really wonder why SK didn't pick Twisted fate. They were hovering over it for what? 20 sec in champ select. It counters both twitch and eve's, but also can force an engage on someone, a thing their team was lacking.   Another long analysis from me :)   The rotations of SK very pretty horrendous. It started of... what can is there to say? 1st of all Lucian + thresh can shut down twitch + morg in lane. To opt into a laneswap is very strange. But if that wasnt bad enough, lee and aatrox split up for the 1st clears, just so that SK could save some trinket wards. This makes for a much less safe jungle clear, and they gained nothing from it the way they did it. Not to mention that they got caught out on their wraith camp!   There is more bad "rotations": Rotating mid with TF full hp and mana, top and bot tower still up. Overall bad ward coverage. Yes it is hard to regain ward coverage when enemy dominates vision (and they have two stealthed and one teleporting enemies). When enemy team has that many sweepers, placing wards in strange places will pay off. It is absolutely crucial to have some map-pressure through wards.   Picks:   The aatrox... the aatrox... Not much to say here, I think most of you understand what the aatrox really can do in a teamfight vs fnatics comp... nothing. Yes he can deal some damage, but the amount of peel fnatic has (mind you, SK knew Fnatic had picked morgana and twitch at the time they picked aatrox). I already stated that I would have much preferd TF on SK than Ziggs, but if lulu hadn't been banned, that would have been a choice aswell. Orianna could have worked quite well aswell, I believe, and would have made some sence with the Aatrox pick. But SK lacked any real follow-up, and that with a comp already lacking engage.   Aatrox... Well, anything would have been better. Trundle is a decent pick in pretty much any situation, and would have been good specifically against Fnatic, to deny their engage and retreat paths. Rengar could have possibly been able to occupy twitch, or even kill him. Renekton would have crushed top, and wouldnt have been any worse in teamfights. Ryze would have been able to destroy Fnatics frontline, while being tanky enough to survive 1st rotation of damage. Yes not good enough range to reach twitch, but still better than Aatrox.   (edit:) Items:   I am unsure what SK could have built for (perhaps) a better game, but Locket (props to yellowstar) seems like a forgotten item. Would really have been a huge bonus for SK since pretty much all the up-front damage was magic (Eve r + q, TF, Shyvana r + e + w) I also believe a suicide build on lucian would have been worth a shot, aiming to throw lucian on twitch in a suicide mission.
0	In historical context, during WWII, the Nazis were not the crazies. In fact, they did offer a solid financial improvement via plundering the things owned by people they disenfranchised. Along with replacing positions of these minorities with German citizens lowered the unemployment rate (Jews were not counted towards unemployment). This, with a massive increase in the national debt, basically paid off the German people in a transition to a war economy in six years prior to the outbreak of the war.   The average (non-minority) German started making more money, had a much smaller chance to be unemployed, gained great medical care, saw huge changes to infrastructure (the Autobahns, railways) that helped them get from place to place... and all they had to do was to continue blaming the Jews and other minorities. That was much easier, because it looked to be working.   This was of course the short term plan, because this is not sustainable economy. Hence, the start of the conquest as soon as the exploitation stopped being profitable. The beauty of this choice was obvious from a financial standpoint. The massive amount of infrastructure built, the huge increase in factory production, and the transition to a war economy had been underway for six years, fueled by stripping thriving Jewish communities of all the resources they had, as well as selected people that were anti-Nazi.   What continued from there was basically the plundering of conquered states of resources, and starting the taking from minorities over there as well, this time to the extreme as exterminating people was already something that the previous years of financial success had made people turn a blind eye to. Nobody wanted to know how things were taken from the Jews, what happened to them, or why they vanished. Because if you were turning a blind eye to that, everything was better, and the Jews weren't there - so it must be that. It was easy to believe that the Jews had ruined everything. People wanted to believe that. Because now they were given a new, beautiful house by the government (used to belong to a Jewish family since executed), a nice, decently paying job in their own shop (the tailor was shot in the head for being gay, and the government repays loyalty), and the kids got great medical treatment for free.   Most Nazis had to swallow one lie: It was someone else's fault for all the huge mess that happened before the Nazis. Other than that, all the backing for the Nazi regime was perfectly rational. From a sheer economic standpoint, the citizens were better off. They had become a military empire, feared by their enemies, only such a short while after the defeat at the last war. People were joined together behind one cause, making their country great. And the guys in control, well, they seemed to know their shit, because wow, look at how things are better now.   Swallow one lie. That was all that was asked. And you get a better life. Your friends get better lives. The entire country gets better. Just one lie.   The Nazis were not crazy. They were average people. Hitler was popular. And he convinced people to do one thing, and that thing is so easy... blame someone else. People clung to that. They did their best to ignore any evidence of the wrongness of it. They were not crazy. No one wants to admit that their lie protected the greatest war crime ever committed. That they turned a blind eye.   ... they didn't know. Actually, they wouldn't have supported it if they knew. They were lied to. It was so convincing. You have to believe everyone, or else what can you believe? It was just a mistake. Everyone was misguided by monsters. Those people were evil. How could anyone have known?   This is a thought process that explains why being a Nazi was not, and to a great extent still is not, an act of insanity. All you need to believe is one lie. One sweet and easy to believe lie. One that says "it's not our fault". It's a soothing lie. One that children say to themselves when things look screwed up. It comes so naturally. And everything will be better.   One lie.
0	You get a gold medal for mental gymnastics for somehow differentiating not noticing something with something not being immediately obvious. Let me break it down for you so that you can quit puking up identity/victim political dogma: 1. There are racist, discriminatory people of every race, gender, age, creed, ethnicity, national origin located all over the world. 2. Some of them will give you a hard time for no reason at all, other than they just don't like you for some accidental reason, i.e. your skin color or maybe the color of your shirt. 3. Some people won't like you because they're jerks. 4. Some people won't like you because you're a jerk. 5. In the end, if the negative people make you feel bad about yourself, it's because YOU are weak-minded. 6. Most of the time, your personal successes and failures are just that: personal. There isn't some bogey man keeping you down or lifting you up.
0	When I worked there in 2007, it was absolutely awful. I hated having to push so many unwanted products on people who really just wanted to buy whatever they had in their hands already and leave. "Oh, I know you just wanted this game, but have you thought about getting this subscription? No? What about preordering this game? No to that too? Well..."   It was mind-numbing. I wasn't too huge a fan of constantly trying to rearrange the games that some knucklehead kids would come in and fuck up.   Being paid by way of a company debit card sucked too.
0	As a former Graduate Teaching Fellow (you know, the guy who teaches your 101 class so the Prof. can focus on students that actually care) I can tell you that the school puts a LOT of pressure on Professors to "update" their texts on a regular basis... and by "update" I mean "change to the newest textbook and force the kids to need it".  Schools put pressure on the professors to use "verified teaching materials" as well, meaning expensive textbooks rather than, say, something cheap or free online.   One of the professors I worked for would do so and then tell kids the first day of class that they didn't need the textbook; if they hadn't bought it yet don't and if they had return it.   Trust me, professors (except the ones that write textbooks) hate this shit just as much as the students do.  Most of them, however, sacrifice your money in order to appease the school so that their career isn't held up by a dean/department head who remembers they were the prof. that ignored their "suggestions" to "update" the course materials.   It's all very political too, because even if that professor doesn't care about advancing his career for whatever reason (such as tenure) the department head will screw them on things like classroom assignments and department resources.
1	Peeling is actually extremely important when your ad is the primary target of the enemy team. Lets say the enemy team has some dive heavy front line (e.g jax and rengar)... they're going to be able to lock your carry down and do full damage if they're left alone (unless your ad is a god).   What you need to do to give yourself the upper hand when this happens is use your champions with the most utility to peel for that ad carry. If you had cho'gath and taric on your team, and your top laner was something dive heavy like olaf or jarvan, your cho and taric can peel a lot with rupture/silence/dazzle, and taric can also heal you. Not to mention the amount of damage cho and taric do is actually pretty good, which can be enough when played right to save your ad while simultaneously killing their front line, leaving YOUR frontline (AP/Top laner) to go ham on their backline.   The thing is, peeling for your ad isn't always the best option, if your mid is getting focused down because they're fed or a huge threat to the enemy team, your ad should be able to kite around 1 person while your team helps your mid, and if there's no one hitting your ad, obviously they don't need peeling and you can help elsewhere while your ad has free reign to shred everything.
1	Not so fast! Remember, this was a 3v3 build, not a rift one. It's a lot harder to shitstorm someone like that with only 3 champs, 2 of which are probably melee bruisers with 2 other people tailing them to contend with. Even if some of my points are flawed, the main bit still stands: The DPS of 3 champs is lower than the DPS of 5, even before you subtract the guy who got grabbed, and he's probably going to die pretty quick anyways. (Especially if it was a carry or Teemo.) Even if they DO focus him (with 2 guys) , Skarner probably did his job already.
1	when I play Akali I run 20 AP from runs and start with a Doran's blade to activate both my passives. my next items are sheen and boots right away because the damage bonus from sheen is most effective very early game and tapers off until you can turn it into a lich bane with a sufficient amount of AP
1	The only time I would watch anyone else play is when you literally know nothing about what you want to try to do.   For example, if you've never jungled before but you'd like to become good at it, it'd be a great idea to watch theOddOne's stream to learn the basics. Once you feel like you have some basic overarching strategy (maybe some items to start with, champions you feel you might like), just stop watching streams and get better yourself. You have to realize that you won't win games doing what the pros do because the pros play an entirely different game than you do.   If we were to talk in ELO brackets, there are different metagames present at different ELO's.  At low elo, for example, amumu is a very popular pick and ban, but you don't see this at mid to high elo. This is solely because CC is king in low elo, and amumu has awesome CC. Nocturne is awesome at low elo, crappy at mid elo, and awesome again at high elo. At low elo, people are so out of position that he gets free kills throughout the entire game with his ult. Then in mid elo, he loses a lot of his power because people learn to play with his ult in mind. Then at high elo he gets good again because players learn to pick champions that synergize with his dive playstyle.   The main point I'm trying to make here is that you should find out what wins the games you're in. Don't worry about what the pros are doing because chances are, unless it's blatantly OP, it's not going to work for you like it does for them. Find a champion that you do well with, and figure out why you do well with them. You'll find that strategies are what wins games, not what champions you pick. Pick champions that accomplish things you want to do in game. For example, take advantage of the fact that people lack map awareness at low elo and play ganking junglers. Eventally, that's not going to have as great of success for you, so move onto something else.
1	Play renekton/ryze (easiest ones atm) and master them > Never ever ever die > BUILD PROPERLY EVERY MINUTE OF THE GAME > Win. The whole top lane can't carry is just a lie. Either they come to you or you are at inhib at 15min. And if they come and you're not sure to beat every single one just retreat, because rule #1 is to never die. If you never die as the top laner enemy team can't win. You are the front lane meaning you are everything.
1	These other champs (as far as I know) don't have a 60% win rate like Warwick does. Nerfing this item will hurt those champs that use it that aren't OP like Warwick is. The ACUTAL problem is how Warwick interacts with this item and enchantment, how he can just slap them on someone 5 times in a row while they're supressed and can't do jack shit about it. The solution? Change how he interacts with the item. I suggest making his ult attack 3 times instead of 5 while maintaining his old base damage values. That would reduce both the true damage and the magic damage by 40%, making them only enhance his ult, not define it.
0	I don't know where OP is from but in washington state our pot legalisation was linked to alcohol. i forget what the specific legislature was but after the pot legalisation alcohol was made more available [sold on sundays] and taxed differently. so maybe that's what the lady was thinking.
1	The reason that I don't use teambuilder is that I usually play with friends and we dont know whos going where till the last second, if we did team builder we'd spend more time sitting around that playing.
0	Worked the exact opposite for me. My parents required me to eat everything on my plate, or at least make a decent dent in it, before I was allowed to leave the table. They're both incredible cooks, but I was a dumb kid, so this proved problematic. It made me an incredibly picky eater because I reacted negatively to being forced to sit at dinner for two hours until I tried everything. I didn't start trying to broaden my culinary horizons until about a year ago.
1	GJ. I am actually 1113 ELO and I won like 4 games in a row. Actually, I saw that playing soraka carried me alot, because I'm hoping that my teammates carry me. But right now, I'm carrying  them . All my heals, my 125 Armor, my Aegis, my Zeke / Abyssal, my Shurelya, my Solari, my ulti. All this.   All this wins me the game.
0	This answer is not taking into the account the odds of  actually having this conversation . If you expect today is the birthday of 1/365.25 people, that means there are 19 million people with birthdays today. However, they are not all walking around saying "Happy Birthday!" "You too!" to each other.   The probability stated is the odds that another  particular  person, chosen at random, will have the same birthday that you do, assuming people are born uniformly across the year. Also note that the [Birthday Paradox]( does not apply here, since it gives the probability that  any two people  in a group will have the same birthday  as each other  which is very different then the probability that a particular person has the same birthday as you.   Next, note that the question is "What are the odds of this happening?" This is a tricky question, and subtly different interpretations can greatly affect the outcome. In particular, it depends on what you take as the givens in this scenario. Some other possible interpretations are:     Given OP is in a bar, and it's his birthday, and he has this exchange with a girl, what are the odds that she is cute?     Given that it's OP's birthday, what are the odds that he goes to a bar, and has this exchange with a cute girl?     Given the universal physical constants are what we have measured them to be, and that our knowledge of the laws of physics is correct, what are the odds that the earth formed, and that the exact sequence of organisms happened to mate in order to produce OP and this cute girl, and they lived lives such that they would both be in this exact bar on this exact date, and the situation asserted itself such that they would have a conversation that would lead up this sequence of words being exchanged?
1	You aren't showing you have actual knowledge of the match up   Assuming both ADs are the same to keep that as a control: Leona can't do anything level 1. This basically means Sona is going to hit level 2 first so there's not really a chance for Sona to get all inned. Even if somehow she gets engaged on level 2 she shouldn't die as long as she takes tank runes + start ruby crystal.  sources (4 if you count your passive) vs 3 (Q, Q auto, power chord)   From there on (until level 6) it's a matter of having W Power Chord primed to mitigate damage and sustain. The biggest advantage Leona has at level 6 is that her ulti cooldown is 90 seconds vs Sona's which is 140s, almost a full minute.
0	When I worked in a grocery store we had a fat women flag down one of our sacker's in the parking lot who was getting shopping carts at the time to have him bring her a motorized scooters.  He brought her the scooter and went back to get carts, well about 10 minutes later he noticed that she never came into the store.  Naturally we thought it was stolen so we checked the entire shopping center our store was located into find it and didn't find it.  When we get back to the store another store calls us and said that they had a customer with our scooter.  Funny thing she had taken it to a Christian store on the other side of the shop center because they don't have any and she didn't want to walk around their store cause it was to much work for her.
0	Help me internet --   Same here. Got an associates in IT. There was a high school program to get an associates during my junior and senior year of high school, instead of my electives. I did that to get some core classes out of the way.   Ended up getting an Internship in IT paying $16/hr to start saving for college. Now is the time to switch my Internship to a field in something I'm actually majoring for a Bachelors in, but I'm afraid I won't get enough money.   I could keep this internship and maybe even get hired.   Or actually do something I enjoy and maybe get less money.   I also have a problem of going into Civil Engineering or Architecture. I love Architecture, but Civil Engineering has much more of a market.
0	It's convenient for the person asking, sure. But I'd argue all the negatives you listed are basically part of the game: it'd be nice to walk into a bar and know exactly who's interested in you and who's not but it just doesn't work that way. You don't know whether the person is interested in you the same way that the person doesn't know anything about you besides whatever interaction you had with them (which has left you with a # and questioning how sincere they were being). Like I said before, and I know it's unfortunate but,: offending normal people who would prefer being turned down (and so be more likely to get over it) is better for the individual-being-asked than offending the (hopefully uncommon) person that will react like a dick/looney-tune.
1	I completely disagree, this format encourages you to comment for the sake of the comment and not for it's meaning/your opinion. It also rewards comments with generic statements and often punishes you for having a different opinion. Top comments sometimes doesn't even contribute something, but are funny things or clever wordplays. Famous people always get the most attention, regardless of what they say. Imho reddit is exactly the opposite of a platform for productive discussions/conversations. It's more of a game.
1	The management of TL didnt give a shit, thats why they didnt feature LOL articles, but there was still a very active LoL community within the TL community.   People dont seem to understand that TL was like THE place of esports in the west for the the past 10 years, before it became even remotely profitable.   Places like TL are what make me proud to be a fan of not just esports, but the community surrounding it.
0	This isn't weird. It's normal healthy thinking. Nobody gives a shit about "for better". It's the "for worse" part that'll fuck you up if you haven't thought of it ahead of time.   What you really need to imagine though is 17 years from now when you're both bored of each other, and you've been living together so long that your little idiosyncrasies drive each other insane (think roommate syndrome, but for decades), and the two kids you had that you  thought  you wanted and the house you bought now take all your time and money for raising and upkeep.   You never get to do the stuff you want to anymore, it's all in service to these kids or this house or at least keeping her from complaining. She's not nearly as pretty as she used to be after two decades and those kids though. And neither are you, but hey, you two said the pledge and signed the contract, so you get each other forever, like it or not.   And you sort of feel proud of these things, but not really, because everyone else on your suburban block has done pretty much the same thing, so it turns out none of this was really special, like you thought when you got started. It's really just pretty average and everyone thinks it's special when they get started, which means your life was average too. You just feel tired all the time now, and she's complaining about the credit card bill again, and your boss is being a real dick lately.   THAT'S what you need to think about.   But then, as opposed to that, you could've been born in Somalia missing a leg. So maybe being an average suburban worker bee in the US isn't too bad compared to the other hands life could've dealt you. Oh well...guess you'll go to bed now. Work in the morning, after all, and the heat pump is making a weird noise again sometimes and there are mouths to feed here.
1	Honestly, Dominion is the most fun I've had in league in ages (Except for watching Alliance) and although I've recently stopped playing League I honestly enjoyed Dominion way more, much closer games, much more action.   Most people disregard Dominion, but it really is an amazingly fun gametype if you play with a few friends. Way more than SR for me.
1	I think the idea was to put a cap on the sustained burst of AP casters, yes, cassio, ziggs, brand, anivia, swain, xerath, ahri, everyone.   I play Kennen mid and pre-nerf i have noticed that certain champions become a bit too strong early on, specifically a ziggs that outharassed me out of lane by missing half his bombs after feeding first blood. And a xerath who took blue at level 1 and effectively outfarmed while harassing me to a complete lane feed and loss. Apart from dodging a spamfest of harass skillshots I could see no other option to stay in the game from that one.   The jungle sigils let junglers keep up their mana and the blue nerf stops ap casters from having constant sustained burst with no downside, in effect making burst damage casters overpowered sustain casters.
0	Because some people like to believe that if they tear down another group, it makes their group(and thus, themselves) look better in comparison.
0	Oh man I had one of these when I worked in big box retail. It was the most gratifying experience ever.   We had the same policy, where we weren't allowed to ask for ID unless explicitly requested by the POS.   We're closing up shop for the evening, for reference 8pm. 8:03 rolls around, and the tumbleweeds are rolling through the store, save for one single soul. She casually meanders up to the counter with nearing a thousand dollars worth of electronics. Carefully lying them on the counter, she willingly, no,  boastfully  lays out her credit card and ID on the counter (and of course they matched - why else would she offer). Now, our POS had a security feature where we were required to manually type in the last 4 digits printed on the card (in order to verify that they matched up with the number that was actually read from the magnetic strip). Of course it didn't.  Cue excitement. , and she was, of course, no less than shocked that I was unable to process her transaction.   She huffed and begrudgingly agreed to try her "daughters" card (who was outside waiting and came in to assist - they couldn't have been more than 10 years different in age, but who am I to judge). Surprise, same issue.   Lady is "baffled," so I tell her I can enter the card number manually (the one on the front of the card). She disdainfully agrees.   I do it, only to be prompted by the POS to call the merchant to authorize the transaction. I can barely contain my excitement. I am rarely ever afforded the opportunity to shut someone down so hard (mostly because any sane swindler would have put a stop to it at this point) so of course I jumped at the chance. Yet again, she tells me that I have to sell her this stuff and that it is somehow an issue with our register.   I cheerfully dialed the merchants 800-number, maintaining what she thought to be my most diligent customer-service smile, when in reality, I was struggling to contain my fit of maniacal laughter.   I follow the phone representatives instructions to the letter, matching IDs, reading account numbers (several times), ID numbers, names, et al.   After about 15 minutes of this, the lady on the other line drops the bomb shell, and I almost exploded with excitement:   "The name on her ID is  definitely  not the name associated with the account."   I relay the information to the customer.   "Well, it could be in my husbands name."   I give his name to the representative.   "Yeah, that's definitely not it either."   Once more, I manage to express shock and dismay to the con-woman and her "daughter," explaining that I "completely understand her frustration and have no idea how this could happen." All the while, in my head, the excitement was nearing on oozing out of my nose.   "Oh, well, I'll have to call the bank and sort this out!" she huffed, and out the door she went, itemless.   The fun I had at the audacity and stupidity of this woman and her cohort was well worth the extra 20 minutes past closing, plus returning the unsold merchandise to the shelf.
1	Boxbox has these flashy soloque moments so often in the front page of reddit. It really is nice, he's such a positive guy and seems to have tons of fun. I really hope he inspires people to play with more positive energy, well I guess this is just wishful thinking, but giving up and getting mad in soloque really leads to nothing and still it happens in EVERY game.
1	Swain is a toxic piece pf shit to lane against. Never won lane against him without the help of the jungler, and probably never will. Especially in toplane, against melees. Want ti cs? Here, have a targeted DoT that takes a quarter of your HP bar. Low on mana? Oh, just let me lasthit a few minions and its cool. Low on health? Let me just turn on my ult THATS ON A 8 SECOND COOLDOWN. And dont tell me he is easy to beat pre 6, because if you try to all in that fucker he'll just slow you, snare you and kill you. Then he goes fucking b and buys his catalyst and the lane is over.
1	there is a difference between saying "dont condescend to me" and "dont be condescending". the first means to refer to someone as an inferior thus uplifting yourself in superiority. the second means to refer to the other person as if it was patronizing. but what do i know, i wasnt there.
0	When I was 18, half a lifetime ago, I was super depressed. My parents divorced when I was young and lived over a 1000 miles apart. One night I feeling really bad and somewhat suicidal and called my parent who lived far away saying that I didn't want to live any more. That freaked them out and they drove the very next day to come save me. I then went to live with them, but I only felt worse. I now had zero friends and I was quickly remembering why I left that parent for the other years before. After 3 months of getting even more depressed I move back to the original parent just after my 19th birthday.   It was a bit different then and some of the shitty friends I had, were gone and I was able to make new friends. A few months after that I joined the Navy and while I don't recommend it, it did change my life. I was a non-combatant (Navy Corpsman) and taking care of the Marines allowed me to do something that was greater than myself. I couldn't fail because I would fail others, others could die if I failed. It worked. After my five year service I used the GI bill to go to college and now I'm about to finish my doctorate in Neuroscience. And I already have a job lined up.   So, what's my point? Just moving isn't going to make things better. Hell it could make things worse. You might get more lonely and more depressed. We all make mistakes and have to live with our past. Moving to another city and changing your name isn't going to erase your memories and the pain and turmoil you feel. What will work is finding direction, creating a 10 year plan (now that is scary as hell, but do it), and stick to it. Maybe you'll change your mind and make a new 10 year plan, but the thing is, get outside of the present and think about your future.   It sounds like you probably have shitty family and friends and not a lot of support. You need to get those people out of your life and make new friends (I know, family you're stuck with). Get involved with things that you like, be it music or volunteering. Do things that make you proud. Make sure that every day is a non-zero day (see /r/NonZeroDay).   Anyways,
1	Unfortunately there will always be ragers, but I'll still do my part by reporting the baddies and honoring the good people in hopes it'll make the slightest difference. We all know that professionals should be role models. The thing that just gets me is the fact that being professional sportsmen, they are going to be in the limelight, and that in itself should be reason enough to control your attitude. We all get angry and have bad days, but if you've got thousands of people watching you then you need to act professional in front of the camera.  It seems like he has learned from it so I am happy about that.
0	Not at all (in that I'm going to call you in an idiot). I agree with and encourage gun rights, even though I generally do agree with Obama and even the dissenting views of the supreme court that the current interpretation of the second amendment is fallacious. This doesn't change the fact that, if I determine it personally necessary, that I want to be able to have easy (not unrestricted) access to a weapon. I think its important for everyone, including the government, to know that any given person may have the means to defend oneself with extreme force.   The only reason I posted my reply is because you admitted that your knowledge on the subject was limited, but still made some pretty serious assertions which, in my opinion, cannot be supported by the evidence. I think you are right to say that the Obama administration purposefully stymied the talks in July because of the fear that people would make the assertion that you made. However, I don't see anything in this treaty or in Obama's record that makes me worry about his intentions changing federal gun policy. Further, I haven't seen anything in this treaty that any administration could use to support strengthening gun restrictions in the U.S. My understanding is that its focus is largely on human rights violators. Is my understanding wrong?   I'm sorry if someone else respond similar to me in another reply, but I didn't see it (maybe it got buried by downvotes or I just didn't notice it). I swear, not all Obama supporters are completely enamored by him and feel that he can do no wrong. Personally, I just agree with him on more issues that I find important than I did Romney and republicans in general. He's certainly nothing more than a typical (though charismatic) politician and I am rather disappointed in his failure to live up to a lot of his rhetoric.
1	Just looking at it right off the bat (didn't read through it but skimmed through) some format-like changes would make the guide much more appealing and easier to read.   In some parts it seems that you've forgotten how to separate long posts into paragraphs. In the areas where it looks like you have paragraphs there is no space between and just makes the guide harder to read. Quite frankly I kinda say "no thanks, not reading that" because it looks like a massive wall of text.
0	Yeah, but then you have to figure out what to do with the tube sock. Plus I'd have to buy the tube sock in the first place. I wear black socks. This wouldn't work very well for me.
1	Matchmaking Rating decides picking order. Lolking score isn't the same as MMR. Guy with  1500 lolking score might have higher MMR than you at 1700.   LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of EVERY league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
0	What luck!   Wife went to her families for thanksgiving while I had to stay home because of work. She called my google voice number while I was getting dressed for work, after I figured out it was an accident I just left it recording and went to work.   While I didn't have time to listen after the first 10 seconds... after coming home I had an hour and a half recording of what started with her shitting in the bathroom and finished with her bitching at the kids after a long annoying thanksgiving dinner with family she would probably kill if it was legal.   Needless to say I transferred it to her computers desktop so she can hear herself when she gets home tomorrow while I'm at work.
1	as a life long twitch fan, i only watch lcs on youtube live.   the 'constant buffer' means you can pre-load thirty seconds behind live and experience absolutely no lag at 720p.   furthermore because it's one long video, there's an instant VoD that lets you rewind if you miss what just happened. also you can link the streams to friends on skype and accurately sync it up.   or you can link a specific time stamp of the live video to a friend if they're just tuning in.   these days, despite having 100mb/s internet and being able to actually stream  to  twitch.tv at 1080p, i lag even at 240p while watching streams -- even streams i'm paying $7 a month to subscribe to.   i think that the article is sort of biased -- i got banned for a DMCA violation, and then got unbanned within 24 hours. tech support was very amicable (much better than this subreddit's moderators who have banned more than a dozen of my accounts and deleted probably fifty of my comments -- and this subreddit is a far more important advertising/awareness/interaction tool than twitch), better than the copy/pasted responses you get from riot...
0	Had an ex try and break it off with me a few times.. I think. It's only looking back later I realised they were even attempts. At the time I thought we were just discussing problems etc but really she was just continually losing the nerve.   In the end  I  had to walk  her  through breaking up wit hme - we were fighting and it finally clicked, suddenly just asked "Wait a minute... do you want to break up with me?". Face said the rest. I really didn't want to but I've never seen the point when one person wants out - hanging about in relationships like that just lead to the person getting less and less attached until stupid things like cheating/etc happen.
1	I think Katarina is worth picking up.She has major mobility with her Shunpo (E) and her ultimate deals insane damage if the opponent stays in the channel for enough time. It scales with 250% of your AP and building magic penetration will allow it to do even more.
1	As Renekton, you should never outright die to a Cho Gath alone in lane. If you dodge his skill shots, and remain careful of his ultimate when you have low HP, you won't have any trouble.   That said, Cho Gath won't die so easily after some time in lane, and after getting some items. Levels 1-5 should easily be in your favor, even if he started heavy armour runes. But once he gets a chain vest and starts stacking his ult, the lane becomes a farm fest, so you will require help from your jungler to bring him down.
1	Honestly, I think Shens biggest weakness is his energy.   His energy costs are INCREDIBLY high with only one way to get energy back (aside from the obvious waiting for it to regen), which is his E.   For each target hit by his E, he gains energy. The fact that is has such a long cooldown and such short range makes it such an unreliable way to get energy back. Zed has E/Q with his shadows from safety, Akali has Q, Lee Sin gets energy from every ability.   Honestly, Shen is THE most limited champion when it comes to his energy. Every time we're setting up for a teamfight I have literally no energy. And even if I successfully E in and get 2 or so people, it's still only enough energy for 1, maybe 2 abilities, then I'm out of energy again and have to wait for the long ass E cooldown, but I'm generally dead by then since I can't use my W.
1	really funny video love how it goes over the upcoming changes in a humorous way xdD, please do more videos like this reminded me of
0	Oh.  Haven't seen it.   So I'm at the airport the other night waiting for my ride and there's this young couple with baby that had been on my plane. I'd been looking at the guy with his flat-as-an-ironing-board billed hat and thinking, "That guy looks like a douche."   The entire time I stood at the curb waiting he bitched and moaned about his shitty mother-in-law not being there to pick them up  this instant  despite the fact that traffic was plainly horrible and his MIL had called to tell them so.  The guy would not stop bitching about it.
1	What in the
1	I don't really care about downvotes. If they don't understand me that's their problem.   I'm not interested in comparing features. That's not what I'm getting at. This is about the player, not the game.   My point was that LoL is challenging and that saying it isn't indicates someone prefers another game, not that they're too good for this game. Instead, Dota2 players argue LoL is easier or weak but play below 2400 ELO when they try it. If it's so easy, play better than that! Wait, you can't? Other people are better than you? You die from time-to-time? Then it isn't an easy game.   I'm also not arguing Dota2 is easier or worse by any means. But for some reason, if I were to go and argue that the teamfighting makes LoL harder, I'd be laughed out of the room and lose all my karma. You'd know it was bias and you'd ask me why I wasn't the best teamfighter there's ever been and why hasn't a Dota team recruited me yet to transfer my epic teamfighting skills. Yet when someone comes here and claims LoL is for noobs, everyone bobbles their heads in agreement.   And disclaimer: I have a Dota2 key. I don't play it. I don't really want to re-learn a game that plays almost exactly like the one I'm already playing, with the difference that it's harder to enjoy than the one I'm playing but you get the same results. But that's my preference and I'm not claiming otherwise.
0	I walked into a gas station bathroom, I was pleasantly surprised to see and smell it'd just been cleaned. Got to mid-piss, then noticed my eyes were burning and I started with a hacking cough.  Hurried up, got outside in the fresh air.  I asked the attendant if she had just cleaned the bathroom.   "Yes."   "Did you by chance mix cleaners?  If so, what did you use?"   "I dunno...the blue and the green stuff."   Tried to explain the whole "bleach and ammonia makes chlorine gas" thing, but I could tell she wasn't ever going to understand why that was bad.
0	That was one of the most poorly argued, self-centered pieces I have ever read.  First off, she argues that she subjectively prefers the fade, which completely ignores the thoughts or feelings of anyone else in the situation. Just because you feel one way about something doesn't negate other people's opinions or mean that they automatically feel the same way as you do.  Second, she says that it's OK because it's the norm.  There are countless examples that I could give of norms not being the right thing, ranging from driving habits to the hyperbole of genocide.  Just because a bunch of other people are doing it doesn't make you any less of a dick.  She even goes so far as to call the practice selfish herself:   >Is the fade a fundamentally selfish act? Perhaps. But when it comes to auditioning potential romantic partners, we’re all acting out of our own self-interest.   With this sort of mindset I can't see much of any kind of healthy relationship forming.  She continues by positing 'what-if's about people who can't handle rejection and and pushing responsibility on to the other party for not being clear about what they're asking.  If they do freak out over being told 'no' then chances are you wouldn't want to be spending extensive periods of time with them regardless, and by rejecting them you leave no room for interpretation as to how you feel.  If they still can't take the hint at that point, feel free to drop all communications.  Her narcissism and indifference for others reaches its peak with this quote:   >So what did happen to that guy, anyway? Does it matter? He could be too busy, afraid of commitment, lost in a K-hole, or dead. Those are his personal issues, and they’ve got nothing to do with you.   What if they are hurt, in crisis or dead?  Would you not want to know if someone who you have some level of relationship with is in trouble?  If not, then you didn't have a relationship with them.  They were only an acquaintance.  Regardless, if someone who you have been spending some degree of time with makes the effort to contact you, the least you could do is take 30 seconds out of one of your next few days to shoot them an honest reply.  This entire article only seems to be a feeble attempt at justification for a behavior rooted in the authors own laziness, cowardice, narcissism, dishonesty and lack of responsibility.
1	The responsibility for the Meta, from a design perspective, lies with Riot a bit more than your comment would indicate.  LoL is a fast paced game with a plethora of champions and items; the goal being to win, to be the 'best.'  The path the being the best is more about a calculation than a choice.  For a ludicrous example, you could build an AP Caitlynn, you have the option, that choice.  Would your entire team considering you batshit insane/pants-on-head retarded?  More than likely.  Is it anywhere near effective or efficient?  No.  Efficiency calculations are what determines most builds from guide sites.  Skill, situation, and composition modify the values quite a bit, but with some basic awareness and skill, the advantages become clear.   The player calculate the most effective solution they can but Riot, as the designer, is also responsible for there being 1 particular calculation that works so reliably/overwhelming well.  Now, they are certainly trying to shake things up and they started with the most globally effective change; the jungle.  We've started the effects too; counter jungling is now a huge part of the jungler role, or even the entire team.  If Riot can provide adequate tools to achieve comparable results to the current Meta, then the blame will lie purely with the players; that being said, no one will know there's adequate tools until we try to use them.   On the flip side, between the constant 'do this or we lose' and people afraid to deviate from single-buildpath guides certainly doesn't help the community/players break free from the Meta.  I think honestly a large shift (other than gimmicks) would have to start in normals before anyone in ranked would even consider something other than a DPS/0cs-Support bot, AP mid, Fast AoE jungler and sustain bruiser top.
0	I could actually quantify this if I had some free time! I have two jobs, data analyst by day and delivery guy by night. Yeah I know, worst superhero ever. But I've worked at the former a few years longer than I have at the latter, so data is in my blood now. Since day 1 as a driver I've kept a nightly record of how many hours I worked, how many miles I drove, how many deliveries I took, and how much I got in tips/delivery fees. I've been logging it on my phone and then inputting it to Excel every now and then, but it has been a few months since I've updated the spreadsheet. It probably wouldn't be too much work to find a weather history for this area and add it as one of my data points so I can see what kind of differences there are when it's sunny/raining/snowing. I do think weather has an influence, but it's not as significant as other factors such as weekday vs weekend, if there is a game on, etc.
0	Through giving more subsidies to the banks? We tried that. Through removing regulations? Many of them were put there for very important reasons. Though tax cuts? Leading to government cuts, leading to lost jobs. All while the money from tax cuts is at least in part, "but by the last few pieces of evidence, most of it" will go to shareholders, not to hire new workers. And the workers lost in the government sector would offset any gained, and those government jobs are often the middle class jobs with job security. What has evidence backing up the potential results is raising the [minimum wage]( while having zero impact on job creation or loss in the short term, will provide more buying power to those workers, driving our consumer market. But the Republican is against that... How about large public works? Anyone who knows much history of our last century could look at how they fixed it right? It was the large public works of the WWII and the New Deal! now while production costs of military cannot fund us the same way,our roads do need some work. And we could fund technology research and design. Space. Art even! whatever people have degrees or can do that can be turned into a job! This is a rather silly way honestly... but not as silly as giving anouther trillion to the banks and hoping it will work THIS time. or cuting all the big businesses taxes and hoping that THIS time the trickle down effect works "against all the evidence since Ronald Regan that it does not."
1	Lol, ReginaId is already the 임요환 of LoL. Do you think 임요환 was the only person to revolutionize Brood War?   I agree with part of what you're saying in that the constant changes and updates to the game is hurting its evolution as both a casual strategy game and an E-sport, and that the game's strategy will naturally evolve without Riot's 'help'.   What you're forgetting is the limitations of Solo Queue and Arranged. Of course you have to follow the metagame in Solo Queue, you can't just tell your team to have 2 junglers and an AD solo bot lane, they will have no clue how to do it, and will think you're just trolling and wont listen to you in general.   In Arranged though, there are less limitations. M5 has already sent Urgot solo bot, with Lee Sin and Alistar double jungle, and of course it worked. The meta game has a lot of counters like this, and those counters have counters. Its both the fault of the pro gamers for not thinking past the solo queue mentality which doesn't apply in arranged (we have to follow the meta!), and Riot's fault for constantly changing the game (When someone discovers something new, Riot nerfs it before people discover how to counter it, and the game doesn't progress, it just goes back to how it was).   The strategies in Brood War have changed A LOT over the years with hardly any patches, because the player's will learn how to counter the counters, and how to counter the counter's counters, etc. And less patches LoL would help that happen to it as well, but as I said above, it is also the player's fault (Keep in mind that LoL is a 5v5 game, not a 1v1 game, so it is a lot harder to innovate. M5 has been doing this the best, which is why they're so dominate in tournaments)   Also, LoL constantly patching when each team has 3 bans is ridiculous.
1	Master of one role, proficient with the rest. If you never play the other roles, you don't know what is expected of them and therefore can't be the best at your main role.
1	Her early laning phase phase makes her dominant against most champions, however if you try to do her e-q or w-e-q combo you tend to run oom pretty quickly. Your autos do surprising dmg, be aware that minions can block pix dmg, which is like 30% of it. Applying pix to enemy champions then doing q doesn't always guarantee a hit. If the enemy is moving erratically, it can miss since q comes from pix. If you apply pix, pix dmg is guaranteed, so patience with q is necessary. I tend to find that a mag pen build with mana on the side allows you stay in fights longer. You become more of a threat the better your team is doing, due to bonus hp and effects from ult.
0	This is kind of easier said than done. People with more economic capital will be involved with people who have more cultural capital, and hence higher "dreams". "Dreams" can vary from being an astrophysicist to paying next week's rent. And because I'm not into bullshitting anything, let's just agree upfront those are two very different dreams from two very different people, who come from two very different backgrounds.
1	I was first pick Vayne once and I got counterpicked by both teams :v   I went bot with Leona, who waited until just before minions spawned to tell me that she was going to take as much CS as she could (she wasn't lying, she got about half the last hits I was going for and even activated Q for the auto attack reset). We were against Annie and Yorick, and Annie had boots, so you can imagine how that went.   Annie got first and second blood on me, but I had farmed up enough for boots and another Doran's Blade, so after my second death I managed to kill her when I got back to lane because she stayed too long. Yorick managed to kill me, though. By this time, my team was bitching at me for losing the lane to Annie (do they not realize that the point of sending AD carries bot is because they get shat on by AP carries?). Since it was such a terrible fucking lane, on respawn, I headed top because I noticed the enemy Riven and Renekton were low and our Yorick solo top (we had a jungle Tryndamere with the right runes and everything but he still got executed like 3 times because he was trying to stay at low health for more AD, so he didn't really have much of a presence) was low on mana. I was thinking maybe I could gank them and win Yorick his lane. I get halfway down the lane and Yorick recalls because he spams and spends all his mana. Only after he recalls does he notice that I'm headed top, and even after I kill Renekton he proceeds to bitch at me for pushing his lane and stealing his farm even though I'm just last hitting.   I leave top to get him to stop yelling at me, but I  REALLY  don't want to go back to bot so I go mid to help Akali, who's having a little trouble with LeBlanc. Leona is silent up until our Yorick calls me out on leaving her alone (it's like she didn't even notice) and she starts getting really sarcastic about being able to handle her lane. Our Akali is low so she recalls while I keep holding mid against LeBlanc. Akali goes bot to help Leona and forces Annie and Yorick to recall, which is a huge relief on bot. LeBlanc is fucking terrified of me even after she gets blue from Riven, who decided to start jungling. Our Yorick is  still  bitching at me for not returning to bot. Leona starts to come towards mid through river, stops at dragon.   A SUMMONER HAS DISCONNECTED   Yorick somehow loses top to Riven and Renekton, bot goes down shortly after. I get fed up with his bitching so I gank top and get a triple kill (LeBlanc came to "help") because thankfully Yorick still has the presence of mind to ult me. Yorick stops bitching for the rest of the game. We start to win incredibly hard because of Vayne's extremely high damage, and because the other team seems to be lacking in coordination (only Riven and Renekton got Thornmail, and only they would consistently go for me every fight, whereas Annie only went for me two or three times the rest of the game) and also because of  DOUBLE VAYNE ALL THE WAY ACROSS THE LANE~
1	With 560 data points you get a 95% confidence interval with less than 2% of spread. So his true winrate is almost certainly within 38%-42%. Compared to his pre-patch winrate of 43%, that's almost certainly a decrease.
1	I have two accounts in ranked, one is my main on EUW (1.7k currently) and the other i use for trying stuff out on EUNE. So on EUNE I was 1.6 last season, after the reset I lost like 8 games in a row trying stuff I wanted to see if it will work (like rushing Avarice on Xin/GP jungle or trying to play Xin vs Panth top (god that was painfull), etc.) I wasn't throwing the games but I couldn't carry and my team didn't either so we lost.   Anyway point is I got to like 1.1k Elo. And then I've noticed I'm getting a lot of trolls in champ select every game, and even when I'm trying stuff out I can't really see if it's working or not because everyone else in the game would do incredibly stupid shit and it was like playing blind pick where people troll build for fun but the players were even worse.  So I decided I need to get some Elo by playing my mains. I played like 20 games and lost 2 I think, right now I'm at ~1.5k.   Seriously the shit people do in this Elo, let me give you some examples :   From 1.1k - 1.3k I just decided to play Pantheon mid, it's the easiest champion to snowball the game with against players with no map awareness and bad lane mechanics/junglers and people who don't know how to use CC. In every game I was able to solo kill my lane opponent because they would start something silly like Doran ring or boots + 3 pots. Just start flask + consumables and keep them at half HP so they thing they are safe and jump them lvl4 for a kill. Sometimes they play so bad you can kill them at lvl2. From there on buy a brutalizer and jump to bot/top. My Pantheon Avarage in ranked is 14/4/7 - 9 wins 3 losses - 2 losses were from my attempts at jungle panth before I started to tryhard, the only time I lost with panth mid was against a Cho mid who started cloth+5 and played super passive giving up farm so I couldn't kill him early on. By the time I got to 6 the team was already losing and my 3 kills ganks didn't really stop the snowball, and we had a jungle Xin with heal/flash... Anyway Pantheon in low Elo is a free win if you can play him, he's never banned, just learn how to kill your opponent with pantheon ~lvl3-4 and you'll be able to snowball most of the games.   From 1.3k on I got bored of spamming Pantheon games so I decided to go top to play my mains, most of the time I play Irelia, thing is nobody can play top lane at this Elo if you know how to take advantage of them. For eg.     I was laning vs Darius last game who used his W to get a CS and then went on to try to 1v1 me at lvl4 with my W up while my wave was pushing - he flashed out of the exchange when I ignited him at 30% HP while I was at 60%.     Singed in a 1.4k game, I started flask+pots+ward and warded my tribrush lvl2, Singed sees me leave and come back without a ward and Vi still comes to gank top trough tribrush and going for a lane gank. Wave was already pushing so I just wait at tower and farm under it, so Vi spends like 1 min camping top, then Singed suddenly ghosts activates Q and runs at me under tower, and flings me. This is at lvl3, I stun him hit him 2 times and ignite him, FB. Vi just walks out of the bush. Then I push him out of the lane when I hit 6 without using my ult and my Ignite is back up, Vi comes to hold top, lvl5 with red. I auto her because she's in my face and she decides to 1v1 me, so I get a red buff. Meanwhile my team has a jungle Warwick who didn't put a point in to his E as far as lvl10 (don't know when he decided to take it but I know he failed a gank because he couldn't chase a Singed at lvl10).     Olaf vs Garen top, Garen counter picks him self and I'm winning the lane easily and then the enemy jungle/mid decided to chase our mid all the way to our wolf camp, I caught them from behind got double kill and double buff, poor Garen didn't stand much chance against that but then Dianna mid came top and tries to 1v1 all in me at lvl7, a 3/0 Olaf with a Warmog - she flashes as I hit her with E for the kill and dies anyway burning flash.     I had to play Jungle so I decide to give Xin another try (serious this time, no more AFK famr in to avarice before madred), I figured their jungle Nocturne will start blue->red->top so I started red->blue->countergank for lee vs rumble. I got smiteless (because I asked), come top waiting in tribrush, Nocturne isn't there so I go check his red, he shows up from river and lee runs towards me in their tribrush, Rumble figures out if he's running that way I must be there to help him but Nocturne chases anyway, FB for lee. Rumble gets pissed off and says "report nocturne", "I'm AFK", "or no I troll", he gets back to lane, gets pushed out by double buff lee sin and goes to bot lane and feeds a kill and then goes AFK. Before that I counter gank bot for a double kill and one for our ADC because Nocturne tried to gank with no buffs lvl3.
0	To be fair this is nice and all but its not good for business, it can outweigh the pros of lower labour turnover and the higher motivation for straight overheards.   It can spell the end of businesses to use this practice.   The trouble also is that if it ever couldn't happen then it can destroy motivation and expectations of the staff to a point that its more detrimental than the benefits it was giving.
1	I'm okay with the maps we have. 4 maps with over 100 champions on each is enough variety.   And I can understand that riot won't add new maps and focuses on competitive events for the other map. For me the competition is worth much more than 10 Maps to choose from.   If I recall other games I played I always just used around 3 maps I liked.     Warcraft TFT: Lost Temple, Turtle Rock and Gnoll Wood.   SSBM; Final Destination, Battlefield and maybe Temple of Hyrule.
1	On Ruven & Rumble I start regen bead 5, with one mana pot.
1	Anivia is a great character to learn to play because if you can play her, you can transfer that knowledge to so many other characters. You need to learn how to manage mana incredibly efficiently. You need to become very adept at path prediction, both of projectiles and heroes. You need to know all about zoning and kiting, about varying the order of the spells in your combo depending on the situation.   And then the wall. You can turn a 2v3 into a 2v1, a 5v5 into a 5v2, or you could block an ally's escape path and feed the enemy Malzahar. The wall has the potential to be the best cc in the entire game, and the battlefield knowledge and discipline required to make it such will get you acquainted with every nook and cranny of the map, something that will help your play with all heroes.
0	Like someone already commented below. I slacked off all through high school, even slept through a majority of classes. After that I proceeded to slack off even more. Eventually, I went to a state university got a degree, but what really helped me was networking. I ended up going outside my comfort zone and met people. Then I was asked to take the place of an intern at a major pharmaceutical company. Once I graduated, I got a job at an analytical company because my executive director actually knew who I was ( I took the time to say hi to him) and he emailed the owner directly and recommended me.
1	But, what is riot going to fix?   He, at the moment, is an assasin, feels like an assasin, should be played as one.   Before "nerfs", khazix should've been an assasin, but he was like tanky initiator assasin because of 50% damage reduction and was played like one. People didn't search for isolated targets, but still deal a lot of damage   After these "nerfs", khazix can no initiate and tank everybody like he was doing before (which is actually good!), and deals TONS of damage if the target is isolated but deals decent damage if isn't, making him an high risk and high reward assasin, who has a healthy counterplay.
0	I'm driving home from vacation.  For 300 miles, this forest green car is in front of me. Occasionally traffic would separate us, but also bring us back together. The last dozen miles, he just starts driving crazier and crazier and I'm wondering WTF he's up to. He goes down the highway and eventually disappears.  I've nearly completed my trip home when I pull up to my house to see the exact same car in front of my house. He jumps out and starts screaming obscenities about how I'm following him and everything wrong with his life.  I'm shouting "BUT I LIVE HERE" a couple times until it registers.  I show him my drivers license and the information matches up.  He turned bright red, apologized profusely, and left.  Weirdest coincidence ever.
1	Why does it even matter that your team consists entirely of homosexuals? All that  should  matter~~s~~ is your skill as a team.   Do you remember Team Siren a while back? The "All Womyn" gaming team? All it did was raise controversy when the only thing that ended up mattering was how they measured up to the competition.   Being different, whether that means you are a womyn, gay, bi, trans, etc., should have no effect on how one performs.   Skip the controversy and heartache that's coupled with headlining that your team is entirely homosexual. Instead show everyone how well you measure up in defiance of how a significant portion of society views you.
1	If riot does IMO that will hurt them more than help.  Sites like lolking are 3rd party but the creators get a revenue from bringing people there.  This then causes them to work harder at advertising the site and bringing in new gamers.  The same goes for sites like twitch.tv.  riot could make their own version thats much better than anything twitch can do, but they once again will lose out on all the free advertising it brings them.  Blizzard realized they made a mistake doing that with WoW as it made the user experience a little better, but it removed a ton of free pr they where getting otherwise.
1	Let's go through some basic assumptions then. Let's assume the following things.     Games are different with different champions and different abilities on either sides.     You can't control how much specific damage your team will do to the buff, vice-versa with the enemy buff, with 100% predictability.       Under those two assumptions, it's safe to say that by getting damage on early buff and wolves; it would create irregular data. Irregular data is pointless and unreliable.   So, the only way we can get standardized data which can be used to compare junglers would be to get it without any other factors. This way junglers' ability, albeit not entirely practical, will be compared with another junglers' ability on an equal level.   In regards to how the data can be interpreted effectively, it can be used to address how changes to jungle can effect clear times, or which junglers use the least amount of health to do camps, or which junglers deal the most damage, or which junglers can be the most reliable even when occasions where you don't get a leash arise.   Of course, you can make an argument that the data can't be used to address viability; however, there are often times that junglers may have to do buffs themselves without the team in the case of a jungle defence / scout / late invade (often done by pro teams). In these cases, knowing which junglers can successfully clear a jungle safely without dieing to camps is extremely helpful.   Moreover, the data can be used to compare how junglers fair against other junglers in terms of clear time. Assuming junglers get the SAME leash, then junglers should be able to clear JUST as fast or faster than without a leash. Clear times can just be subtracted from how much time was reduced from the leash on both sides. If the argument is made that one jungler gets a really strong pull and the other jungler gets a really weak pull, then that's an uncontrollable factor in the equation that's incalculable.   If you have good understanding of clear times, even with a leash you can use it to your advantage. Although you won't get an ABSOLUTE time (which is impossible due to initial assumptions), you'll be able to get an approximate time.
1	You have 11 ranked games played as Kassadin. This isn't enough at all for you to learn him, and 8-3 isn't anything special with that low of a sample size (I used to have a 100% win rate as Ahri. Out of 8 games. This doesn't mean Ahri isn't "meh" in the current meta).   >First of all he is melee, and you can't count on his W or R for damage. Yes, you can use them to add more damage, but it's too risky and you're usually better off using Q and E for burst, R as an escape / repositioning and not using W at all. Even if you constantly spam Q, E, R and autoattack with W on, he doesn't have as much DPS as the Ryze, Karthus and Cassiopeia. And they don't have to take risks to do their DPS. By this I mean more risk than they already have.   Knowing when to W is one of the most important parts of playing Kassadin... why would you be better of not using it at all? I'll create a scenario.     Your team has Caitlyn, Kassadin, Janna, Jax, and Jarvan IV. The enemy team has Kennen, Lux, Draven, Lulu, and Nautilus.   The enemy team is going to try to get Kennen into your team, with an ult from Nautilus onto Caitlyn to hold her down. Your Jarvan IV and Jax are going to be diving onto the enemy team. It's now up to you and Janna to peel.   Kennen goes in. You Rift up to him, and QE him to stop him from ulting if you're fast enough. Now, Caitlyn and you can attack the silenced, slowed Kennen. You're dealing 0.3 AP autoattacks. If he doesn't die, he's going to ult and Zhonyas. Rift away from him, and get onto Nautilus. RQE him and smack him with some W autoattacks.   Now, by this time, Jax and Jarvan IV are ending their fight with Draven, Lux, and Lulu. All of them are low, but now your AD carry is free of the major threat (Kennen) and only has to deal with Nautilus a bit longer. Soon, you'll have a DPS machine joining you. Rift over to Draven or Lux, whoever is closest, and start autoattacking them. If you get turned onto, Zhonyas or Seraphs.   If Draven isn't dead, you're going to have to run away for a few seconds until your cooldowns are up (maybe drop Riftstacks too depending on how the fight went). If he's dead, go onto Lux. After her cooldowns are down, she kind of just has to take the W autoattacks.   Another way this could have played out was for you to have joined J4 and Jax immediately, and killed Draven while using Zhonyas/Seraphs to survive the engagement. Once the AD carry is dead, and if their backline is relatively unprotected, you won't face much retaliation by using Nether Blade.
1	Hey guys whats up. I'm The Letter J and I just started my youtube channel AND NOW HAVE 2 SUBS. I do ranked game commentaries. I also try to post a video at least once a day. I play every role and try to be as informative as I can. I peaked last season at Plat 4, currently Gold 2 and looking to climb back up. I would really appreciate if you guys could take the time and check me out!
0	When I was 8 or 9 I heard a catchy jingle for Trojan condoms on the local top 40 radio. I had no idea what it was for (had a vague idea it had to do with 'accessories') but it played all the time and the DJ's thought it was hilarious.   So of course I ran around singing the chorus "what about Trojan?" for a few days thinking I was in on a fun grown-up joke. Until my parents heard and sat me down for a very instructive talk. Stopped singing it after that but it was embarrassing moment for all of us.
1	Ignore him. An all-in lane will all-in on the adc's face and slaughter him, then slaughter GP; a poke/sustain lane will poke the adc until he either has to leave lane to heal or they can all-in and kill him. GP support might work if the enemy duo chooses to actually attack you (because then you can heal and just distract them while your adc farms), but a good enemy will ignore you and focus the adc. Support GP has almost zero cc, almost zero all-in potential without carry items, and zero sustain for his adc.   GP is one of the candidates for "fills every role" (along with Kayle and Teemo), but GP support is worse than Teemo jungle. In other words, it's pretty damn bad and barely qualifies as being able to perform that role, if at all.   His only CC is a weak slow (which is already the weakest form of CC), he offers his adc no shield or heal for sustain, and his damage won't be very good without any gold to buy items. He can't all-in the enemy, because they can just walk away or hit your adc when he tries to follow-up; he can't poke, because the enemy duo will just kill you (if your adc stays out of range, making it a 1v2) or poke your adc until he leaves lane.   Lux and Zyra work as high-damage supports because Zyra can snare + slow + watch bushes with seeds and Lux can shield her entire team + snare + slow. They both have a snare and another important utility (seeds or multi-target refreshing shield); their slows aren't the important part there. Take away either the snare or the utility, and they would no longer be viable supports. GP has no snare, and the closest thing he has to similar utility is being able to heal + cleanse himself - which requires the enemy targeting GP in the first place, which is why a smart enemy will ignore a support GP until everyone else is dead.
1	Alright I'll post my situation here:   I play league on a shitty laptop, it had AMD Athlon Neo K125 whatever processor, 1.70Ghz single core, 1GB RAM, whatever Radeon HD 4200 graphic card with 256mb memory.   I used crash right as I load into the game and even if I could load into the game, I still needed to wait for like 5 minutes to see or click anything, which the afk detector will kick me. Even if I could finish loading fast enough, I will get like 0~5fps with 100~200 unstable ping.(for normal computer in my region it should be ~30 ping) The game was unplayable for me.   I've done everything I could, closing all the background programs, virus scan and shit, still no hope. However, I started updating Windows(win7). After some updating, I tried to play and the game worked fine for me, 15~20fps with a very stable 30ish ping. I thought updating windows wont do much.   After a bunch of updating, I am now able to play at ~45fps and 20~30 in teamfights. I somehow got more RAM than before, it was 1GB and now 2GB. My friend said that the update maximized the RAM settings and shit. I don't know much about these stuff but it worked well for me so whatever.
1	Here's the thing about the sweeping idea. It's either going to be too strong or too weak, simply because of how it functions. If you balance it like a conal aoe, it's going to be weaker than it should. If you balance it like a skillshot, it'll be stronger than it should be, since it's not really a skill shot, even though in best use cases that's how it would be used.   Think of it from the point of the user. If I know it goes from left to right from my character, why would I ever start the ability unless my animation will start where my opponent is? The intended counterplay of this sweeping ability is that my opponent can see it and react by moving to the right, but if I simply start the skill on him, he can't dodge it. Now the ability has to have its damage balanced around it being a line skillshot with aoe, which means it would be weaker than the intended use case, where you cast it with the opponent centered inside the ability, giving them the time to out play it but tuning the damage higher to compensate.   Some other options I can think of that could be used would be to give it a cast time, but that always feels bad at melee range since the opponent can walk out of it so easily, but would allow some power to be put back in. Another would be to give the sweep more range the longer it goes, increasing damage as it travels, but this doesn't fit the character ww is. That would be more of a Zac ability, since he already has extend-o arms. I could keep going, but I think I've made my point.
1	Pinky-Q, Ring Finger-W, Middle Finger-E, Index-R, I press A with my ring, B with my thumb, I press all of the numbers with my middle and ring fingers.
0	Not the same guy but I have a few as well, I guess this is my 'best': Was at WaWa (gas station / convenience store) in line waiting to pay and the guy in front of me starts throwing a fit over the price of cigarettes. Apparently they mistakenly left up a sales sign advertising that the cigarettes were a dollar cheaper then they were - it expired yesterday and the guy wanted them for  that price . It's a 24 hour store, this was 5am, do the math, this shit happens.  The poor cashier tried explaining to the guy that normally he would  absolutely  give him the sale price since they left the sign up, however, they can  not  adjust the price of cigarettes or alcohol manually. Period. The registers won't let them due to all the regulations on these items. So the guy just isn't having it and getting super pissed over his two dollars and hollering at this poor kid, threatening to call the BBB, etc. At this point the poor kid start looking around for his manager with a serious "somebody fucking save me" look on his face. I'm getting real tired of this guys shit, so I just pull out my wallet and throw 5 dollars and the counter and tell the guy to go do us all a favor and go get lung cancer.  So the guy turns around gives me full fledged rage face, which is when I realized i was probably about to get my ass kicked. But then I hear somebody behind  me  say "just walk away man" - I glance back and there's this huge black guy I've never met staring at the prick with the cigarettes with a "if-you-start-some-shit-i'll-end-it" look on his face. The guy left without his smokes. Me, the cashier, and my anonymous body guard had a nice silent moment of understanding and gratitude.
1	You're also not forced to eat vegetables, drink milk, or eat meat because there are alternatives, but in league there are none so you're forced to use the horrible mess of buggy champions and minions. You can say "oh i'm not forced to PLAY league of legends" of course you're not, but say you invested money into a company, and then all of a sudden that company did something awful and you can't get your money back. You either play a product that gets progressively worse due to people who don't put effort into it or you leave.
0	Hello, someone who has driven across the US 2 1/2 times here   I come from Maryland where this doesn't really apply as much, but I've noticed that when you have no one in front of you, you drive a little slower and drive more passively. When there are cars in front of you, you will typically try to catch up to them and when you do, you're already going faster than them so you keep making passes until eventually you're out in front and you stop paying attention to catch-up and more to the speed limit. When I get passed, its always a sign to me that I'm not keeping up with the flow of traffic and need to speed up, when I'm alone its a sign that no one else is keeping up and I should slow it down before cops come.
0	Because of the display of interest, I will jot down some of the more potent memories:   My father had winter and summer visitations. 3 weeks in the winter, 2 and a half months in the summer. My sister and I went to Wisconsin for the winter break, and after this visit, my mom was moving us to Arizona. My father fought hard and did not want us moving from Chicago to Arizona. Combined, my parents flushed about 50k in a custody battle. In the end, the asshole step-dad mentioned above went into court with my mother and testified that he had secured, as he put it when he told me this story, a "hush hush government engineering gig". This "hush hush" gig never existed. He lied in a court of law, and the judge bought it without vetting what he was being told at all. That is how I ended up in Arizona.   Based on his testimony and the fact that my sister and I refused to go into court and declare "which parent we chose", my mother was awarded permission to move us to Arizona.   The first 2 weeks were the same situation as any visit in that era. Cousins and Aunts and Uncles visiting frequently (my father did and still does live with his mother). The family of my surname gathered around the dining room table each night and engaged in fierce conversation about what a whore my mom was, frequently referring to the fact that my sister and I had her genes, so it was very important to keep us around to try to work against the rotten genetics we had to keep us from becoming the type of trash that my mother was. My sister and I were not allowed to join these conversations because we were "only children", no. We got to sit in the living room 2 feet away and just listen.   As we entered into the final week, things started getting somber. Everyone should have been getting excited for Christmas, but instead, everyone got angrier and angrier at my mother because the day after Christmas, we were to be flown "half way across the country into the unforgiving desert" (a tagline that became a twisted joke in the years that we lived in Arizona).   That Christmas was joyless. My grandmother scowled. My grandpa was silent. My dad was on the verge of tears the whole time, and my aunt and uncle did nothing but find opportunities to get back to conversations centered on bashing my mother.   After hearing about my "tainted genetics" for a couple weeks, Christmas came. I watched as my cousin opened her gift. It was 1000 dollars total, in 5 dollar bills, strewn through 10 layers of boxing. I got a set of Ghostbusters pajamas that were 2 sizes too small and some coloring books. Both from the church food shelter my grandma "volunteered" in.   Morning after Christmas, I remember being woken up at 3 in the morning because we needed to prepare for our flight at 7:30.   I remember a crippling sense of sadness and being overwhelmed with the urge to just fall on the ground and sob forever. This didn't come from any place internal, it was all in the faces and the tones in the voices of the adults around me.   We got put into the car, and as my dad was closing the door, he had a "breakdown" moment and closed the door by pounding on the window "hulk smash" style. I remember thinking "if that glass would have shattered, I'd have glass imbedded in my skin, and if my finger were still in the doorway, i wouldn't have a finger anymore".)   We drove to the airport, sat there for 2 and a half hours, unable to talk, just feeling the ferrets in our stomachs burrowing around and tearing our intestines to shreds.   This became the routine for the next 3 years. Then one year, my father went to get the documentation to follow us down to the terminal, and I took him aside. I said "Dad, we are about to say goodbye one way or another. I'd prefer to say goodbye at security and be done with it than to drag this out for another 2 hours. I love you, I will see you again soon, but let's stop with this torturing of ourselves". To this day he still tells me whenever he shares this nugget of wisdom with others, complete with citation back to his child, on how to "do goodbyes".   Got on the plane, arrived in Arizona, and got filled in on the fact that in the 3 weeks, neither my mother nor step father had found a job (imagine how confused I was when I thought the step-dad had a prestigious government job and I landed to be told he was jobless). They had been kicked out by the friends they intended us to stay with. They were renting a house that rent had not been paid for in 2 months. "But don't worry, we maxed our last credit card to buy a new tree and presents!"   I'll stop here. I could (and possibly may some day) quite literally write a novel.
1	I should not know more about the game than your casters. It seems like you guys mostly tended to match up two casters who would do a great job of play by play casting, but knew very little about in depth strategy and analysis of the game. On top of that, I feel like the casters come across as incredibly fanboy ish and unprofessional. They root for one team over the other and act like they know better than the players. Be objective. I felt like most of the casters in this tournament were not. I felt like you guys went from 'OMG CLG sucks and EG desrves to win becausr they are awesome' to 'BRO BRO CLG 4 life.'  They criticize decisions the players make without fully analyzing WHY they made those decisions. The professional players aren't making those decisions because they're idiots. They probably had a reason for it. Instead of criticizing the decision making of someone who is probably better at the game than you AND doesn't have the same information you do is not right. On top of that, when I did hear analysis on why someone was doing something, it was half right at best. Example: Catlyn was not pushing her lane to the opponents tower just to get damage on the tower, she was also doing it to deny gold to the opposing carry and give them a harder time last hitting. FourCourtJester is particular is bad about this. You should not be complaining a game is boring. You should be making it interesting for the people watching.   Camera control has been mentioned by someone else; so i wont go into a lot of detail on that. That needs fixed though, you shouldnt miss things because your checking out a ward in a place you weren't expecting one.   I think you guys did a good job of trying to get the excitement going and having great enthusiasm, but completely lack depth to your casters. You don't need a pro player or former pro player in each match casting, but you DO need someone who is analytical and has a deep knowledge of the game to analyze what's going on and most importantly WHY things are happening. I think you guys basically had the complete opposite of the 4PL tournaments casters. They were unemotional and deep, you guys were emotional and shallow. Pairing someone like FourCourtJester with Nhat Nguyen or Guardsman Bob would work well. As long as FourCourtJester allowed the other caster to talk and/or asked intelligent questions rather than just assuming. His naturally talkative nature would work well with someone who could analyze a game and provide insight if he concentrated on play by play and tried to draw out conversation rather than dominating it. The ideal thing, to me, is to get people excited about the game and provide a mix of information for new and older players. Currently, that doesn't happen. I honestly expect your casters to break into chants of 'BRO BRO BRO OMG DID YOU SEE THAT.' The energy level you guys have going is good, the insight is not.   Edit for one more thing. This isn't a problem I had, but it bears saying after seeing comments in one of the threads for this tourney. Watch your humour. Crude/crass jokes are fine for your YouTube videos, but have no place in a professional casting environment. If you want an unprofessional stream, that's fine. Otherwise leave that stuff at the door.
1	At the risk of sounding like an grumpy old man, I THINK THE WAY IT WAS WAS BETTER! BACK IN MY DAY blah blah.   I think the supportive style of jungle is where the true essence of the role lies. Think about, what is a jungler? When you break it down to the nitty gritty it's a champion on the map which is free to roam as he pleases where as (for the most part) the other champions on the map are constrained to the three lanes. I believe it is only natural that this champion takes on a more supportive role as it has the ability to influence all parts of the map.   I think that Riot has jammed the idea of "Carry Junglers" down our throats as a way to promote the competitive scene. For example, Meteos. Meteos carries games, BUT he carries games in a different way. He carries by farming efficient and making plays across the map which benefit his team. He doesn't carry in the manner of dealing a crap ton of damage (maybe with the exception of Kha'Zix?) he carries by playing Elise and landing a clutch Cocoon. I think that's where everything has gotten a little lost. The jungler should carry with his play making ability, not his ability to deal damage, much like Supports.   Take a look at competitive play. You rarely see any FF junglers, with the exception of maybe a Noct or Xin, because they play a more supportive role. This works because professional league is as close to a perfect theory crafted version of the game that you can get. For the most part, lanes generally go even, and if they do lose its not as drastic as you would see in an solo queue environment, making jungle interference play a larger role in the out come of any given lane.   I think there's a reason you don't see many FF junglers in competitive play right now. It's either too new or just plain not worth the effort. In a perfect game scenario, meaning all players are equal and everyone picked and no one is trolling, I think the supportive style is the most logical form of jungling.
0	Dont send them to the house. Her guy on the side would never do that. Buy the flowers, have a friend that shes never met deliver them to her at work about 45 min before she goes to lunch, then show up right before lunch and say you thought youd pop in to get lunch. If she says nothing about the flowers then she is riding the ole bologna pony. If she thanks you for the flowers then you are safe.
1	He is also coming from a different culture where walking is more widely used to get from locations.   Korea isn't like America where driving everywhere is expected
1	This will probably sound pretty dickish, but I rarely honor people, unless they were actually good. In that I mean they either: A.) worked well in laning, team fights, or ganking; B.) communicate clearly and concisely without being condescending; C.) are genuinely helpful, again without being condescending; and finally D.) are a genuinely good opponent (in this I mean someone who doesn't taunt via /all chat, someone who is a good player - enough to make me say out loud "good play!").   There are, however, a few disqualifying factors - Asking for honor, ninja-afk'ing for extended periods of time, or being being condescending / rude.   I honestly think it's like Lyte put it yesterday, "(. . .), Honorable players who are true positive should not be reported very often." ( -  Pattern Recognition ) This really hits the nail on the head. A true honorable opponent shouldn't be getting honor each and every single match, but rather should be a few in between. It sounds kind of backwards, because you'd think that if someone is really deserving of the honor, they will accrue it quickly, but it will probably be the opposite, or at least, they'll accrue it at a median pace. Not being any of the outlier's being people who have 0 honor, and people who have  all the honor!   I say this because everyone has just plain awesome games where they go 60 / 0 / 185 when they end with 12 bloodthirsters, 3 miraculously stacking infinity edges, 8 ionic sparks, 4 warmogs, 17 black cleavers, a guardian angel, and 180 baron buffs that have all stacked, but everyone also have games where they go 0 / 720 / 500 where they end at level 18 with boots of speed and a health potion. No one ever consistently plays a game wherein they're deserving of honor past "Honorable Opponent" or "Friendly". But in my opinion, those 2 are kind of the swing votes of honor. I have absolutely 0 friendly honor, but I have 11 team work and 9 helpful honor votes. Does that mean I'm not friendly? -- Not at all, it just means that I was actually a good player in those games. I've also played a hell of a lot more games then just those possible 11 games where I got honor (I probably play LoL too much), at least 3x that amount.   As it is though, my usual response when people(s) ask for honor is, "If there were any here deserving of honor, I'd have given it." It's a multi fold statement then -- it fulfills my need to be an ass; it tells people who got no honor what I may think of them, especially for asking for it; and it tells people whom I may have awarded honor that I actually think them deserving of it.
1	1: No ability to remake     If someone doesn't like their composition or role, they can just disconnect at the beginning then, making people want to remake. But because you can't perfectly discern whether they did this intentionally, you cannot punish them for it.     2: Objectives leashing back randomly     I don't know how it's programmed but the monster should have a list of aggressors stored on it's object and its AI should just switch to the next one down the list if they're within a short range. It probably actually does this already. Maybe it's melee range and that's why it fucks up because melee range is so small and sometimes the jungler is just slightly outside of it? I'm shooting in the dark here with some development experience.     3: Randomness in general in a competitive game     You're right that can lead to unfair snowballs. I don't know if the game would be as fun without it, though. People really, really enjoy those lucky procs. At the end of the day it's a free game. It's only happenstance competitive for now. At some point that may change. There's so few people in the competitive scene versus how many players on league of legends, they would probably lose money removing that randomness due to dissatisfied players.     4: Inability to pause the game     Agreed.     5: Useless casters     Not all of them are bad like that, and I think there's probably a lack of interconnection between the players that are capable of that kind of casting and the staff that organize and run these events.      6: No voice in chat     Very controversial decision. On the one hand it makes team communication possibly easier. On the other hand it can enables another venue for harassment/trolling. They probably are talking about this. A big issue I can see is that they cannot keep an audit trail because recording audio for millions of players would far surpass their budget, and that would be their only evidence for tribunal cases involving verbal harassment.      7: Lack of Utilities and customization in the client     They already made extra money from a banner customization. This may be seen as a stepping point for future profit.     In all likelihood they might not have engineered the client to be very supportive of modding in the first place.       8: Current meta discourages ganking     If you blow someone's flash you can just gank them again soon after, using your own flash to secure a kill. I think you're focusing in on a really small subset of matches.     I don't know that I think it really discourages ganking, but one thing I think that might be able to encourage more ganking is if you made towers do more damage to minions than to players. That way if you push someones wave to their tower it really makes them guaranteed lose out rather than many champions being able to safely farm at tower.       9: Current ban limit is too low     The strategy designers I'm SURE talked about this for hours, and having more bans may result in several negatives:     1.) ban all the counters to your champion, while still being able to ban the FOTM. Instant guaranteed advantage for you.     2.) More people dodging as their favorite champs are more likely to be banned, which makes your game wait time take longer.     In regards to the final thing you mentioned, there are many many many more uncompetitive LoL players than competitive ones. Increasing the time it takes for your game to start will likely make more people unhappy than not-- even on ranked.       10: Terrible Shop UI     My guess would be that this is in the works and might be released for the launch of Season 3. They may have other things to worry about that are taking up the time of their designers/developers.     11: Dumbed-down concepts     I think flash brings just as much to the table as it takes from it. Flash enables you to capitalize on mistakes just as much as escape your own busts. I think that one get-away free card makes for games that are less snowbally. This ties back into the problem with snowballing. If you lack escape mechanisms as a champion you're much less likely to be viable in high level play because one mistake means your tower is gone and 750 gold for the enemy team.     You can deny minions from your opponent through physical aggression or pushing their wave to their tower. Doing this makes you more susceptible to ganks usually but ward vision gives you more of a confidence in doing so, as well as knowing where their jungler typically is, based on timers. Your jungler can also camp the lane with you while you deny minions and give you a positional advantage during a counter-gank. I think denying is very prevalent and important to high level play.       12: Snowballing is too strong     I don't really know much about this. My thought would be what's the % of wins in starcraft, chess, dota when people make a few mistakes early in the match?     13: Not currently satisfied with the rules regarding dodging     Definitely a tough problem. I think it was okay how it was with the elo penalty now that disconnects are mostly removed from champion select.     14: Fanboyism     I don't know how to respond to this. I feel like it's in every game anyway but maybe Reddit poorly emphasizes the wrong parts about it.     15: Itemizaton is too simple     This is actively being worked on i'm sure of that and we'll see something in season 3.
1	I feel like FNC became overly cautious after that horrible early tower dive. But later they played so well again, awesome.
0	The other night I got pulled over for a tag light being out. Legitimately had no idea. I was stoned and a bit tipsy. There was an open case of beers in the back seat, but no open containers.   Officer says "hello, there!" as he walked up. I have all papers ready when he gets to the window.   "Was I speeding officer?"   "Nah, nothing wrong with your driving. But you've got a tag light out."   "Tag light? hmm... hmm, I had no idea."   "Yeah, no biggie. No ticket or anything, just gonna give you a warning."   "...welp, thats my tax dollars working like they should. Thank you sir." I hand him my papers.   He flashes his light into my back seat and has a prolonged peek. I speak when I realize, "I understand there are beers back there, officer", before he can speak.   "Oh thats fine, dont worry about it. You're of legal age. Have you been drinking at all tonite?"   with maybe 1 second of hesitation, "one beer, yes sir." matter-of-factly.   "one beer huh?" continues to snoop. "Anything illegal in the vehicle?"   "No sir, haha. Nothing illegal in my vehicle."   "Are those swisher sweets back there?" as he sees an empty pack.   a half-second of hesitation, "There's nothing illegal in the vehicle, officer." I was not rude at all. Just held my stance firmly.   "Alright then! I'll be right back."   He's in his car for about 4 minutes, then comes back with some paper work for me to fill out with my info. Lets me go. I love the police.
1	wats this wtfast story? i saw the thread at frontpage,
1	Not sure if you are trolling... But I'll explain anyway.   Two things. First of all your list of options in other lanes show perfectly why we need ADCs in botlane. Because with very few exceptions the champions simply don't work outside of 2 man lanes. (Or free farm laneswaps.)   Why do teams need ADCs? Towers. You could easily build a composition without an ADC, that will beat most ADC based compositions in straight up fights. They would however have problems sieging or defending if they get behind.   Your argument is that if a role is necessary they must be balanced or even OP, which from a mathematical standpoint might be correct. ADCs are OP in the same way supports where OP in earlier seasons because they were the ones who could provide utility while buying wards.   Outside of sieging they feel lackluster. And if your team is bad at pealing they are completely useless. This is especially true for non pros (so just about everyone), which contrary to popular belief is a lot more important than the pro scene.
0	You don't get to make decisions for someone because you didn't wear a rubber.   my suggestion does not involve anyone making decisions for others, actually, it is the direct opposite.   but the thing is, men can not just walk away at any point as you claim, if they do they would get thrown into jail because they are not paying child support.   i am not saying that having sex is riskless, but lets take a totally hypothetical scenario, a OAG scenario of sorts, a couple agrees to have sex, they use the pills, they both agree that if the pills fails they will keep the child, now the OAG figures "well i want a child, why leave it to chance" and stops taking the pill, voila! a bun in the oven, sure its a breach of trust but in todays society the guy would get stuck with it, let us think, if we can prove somehow that she cheated about the pill. wouldnt it be fair for the guy to write himself off? they did agree to a very small chance of having kids, however one part of the couple decided to take matters in its own hands.   we could do the same scenario with condoms, buttsex, used condoms, man swimmer killer pills or whatever.   one argument against this would be "but abortion is so much bigger than writing off something on a paper", well just because one person has it hard to have freedom, should not mean another person shouldnt have the freedom at all.   anyhow, on to male birth control, Vasectomy - sure, but it has only been the last year or so where vasectomy have been reversible, while women has had it for decades (similar technique/goal), im just pointing out that it isnt that easy sometimes.   Male birth control pills!! yay!, if you havent noticed anytime this is of subject the male population of reddit screams with passion of why this is awesome, i would gladly take them if that will make sure my GF does not get knocked up. Men wants this.   however, pharmacuticals does not, why would they produce pills for a new market that could destroy this market they have had for 60 years, and could continue to milk. its a similar scenario to how oil companies are cockblocking electric cars.   my point is, men want more contraceptives, perhaps more than you think, a condom is not always enough. but it is only the latest years that medicine has caught up, it will probably be a couple of years before we have the equivelant of a male "pill".   it still boils down to where the woman has ultimate control of when to give birth however hard it seems, where the man has no say from conception
0	There is a whole development on this that you should read. I think it is called the "eagles Conspiracy".
0	Here is an example that I brought up when the supreme court was ruling if police needed a search warrant to place GPS tracking devices on suspects cars.  The suspect was assumed to be moving drugs but they had no hard evidence, or not enough to get a warrant.  A cop bugged his car and they tracked his movements until they have enough evidence on where he went and when, and cops were able to catch him trafficking drugs.  The supreme court ruled that you cannot bug someone's car with just officer suspicion, you need a warrant.   The person I was talking to said that if you have nothing to hide, why bother if they track you.  I responded with, "if a cop assumed you broke the law by speeding sometimes and bugged your car, waited 2 months to build a good case and not blow his cover, and after 2 months, presented you with a ticket for each time you exceeded the speed limit, failed to come to a complete stop at at a stop sign, or failed to use a blinker,  would you feel that his actions were legal?"
1	Platinum Top Lane Nasus (kinda) main.   I never had any problems with any of those 4 champions, but judiging from how much I get supposedly counterpicked with these guys there seems to be some misconception.   First off: Anything that does entirely physical damage is generally a bad pick against Nasus unless he has sick armor shred/pen tools. Don't do it. Also, anything that has AoE and damages the wave in trades and pushes to Nasus' turret is also generally bad. If you combine both you get Riven and Renekton. Very popular picks that only work with a jungler ready to pick up your work and dive Nasus, which is the important part about shutting down Nasus.   Riven and Pantheon have no sustain and their entire damage is physical. Panth doesn't even have a combat ult. They will start losing  at level 6 to all-ins (panth) or 7-9ish (riven) due to sustain issues.   Shyvana is a decent pick, she can punish and dive him quite effecitvely with a jungler and she has mixed damage.   The best champs to punish Nasus are Kayle, Teemo, Irelia, Urgot and Vladimir. Ryze also works, so does Shen with MPen marks, glyphs and quints. Some of those picks are manageable by maxing E but they don't fall off too hard and do a good job of keeping him down for a while.   They have mixed/true damage and can do a lot of damage without pushing too hard plus they are hard to kill even with wither. Most of them are easily camped though so keep warding up, Wither plus Jungle CC is very hard to escape.   so,
1	i agree and disagree, sure its more fun to play those but tha thing is, once its all 100% of a type och chapions in lane you start picking counters. and then you pick the counters counter and it keep going
0	Hey man, I'm 19 too.   I'm not a /r/nofap devotee, but I tried it once for a month to see how it'd affect me since I had mild ED too. This meant no masturbation, and in my case, porn.   Shit.   Whenever my girlfriend touched me on the shoulder or even looked at me funny I got mecha-hard. I hadn't done that in years.
1	Link isn't the issue to be quite honest. CLG have been using their top, jungle AND support to essentially be a wall for Doublelift and forcing Link to try and make plays. That is super hard to do when the top and jungle just don't build damage.   The result of Hotshot and Chauster not having damage: Blow up Link and clean up Doublelift. They just ignore those two. The worst part is HSGG and Chauster are so predictable. Chausters ganks are predictable and HSGG's champion pool is abysmal. Combine that with DLift's horrid champion pool as well and it spells trouble for CLG.   Now this week, they are essentially trying to force their image away from "4 supports and a doublelift" but the teamcomps sucked something fierce. Yes, they pulled out the win on Vulcun (IGNORE ME I'M BAD) but you can throw any teamcomp against Vulcun and squeak by with a win.
1	I have a problem with kassadin: I win my lane everytime, getting to the point where I can 1 vs 1 everybody on the enemy team. But when i get to mid/late game, i can't do nothing in teamfights. I think I have only won 2 or 3 games with him destroying the enemy nexus, and that's because I have someone who's also carrying. His teamfight power or at least, the way that I use him during teamfights his bad. Can someone give me tips on how to improve?
0	Law Enforcement Officers of Reddit already know they are being recorded. They have dash cams and the US Government are working on "Pin Cams" Cameras pinned to the front shirt of each and every officer. Officers that you see over-reacting are often doing so because they just chased this bastard for a mile and he threw the first punch. Officer's deal with an extremely high daily stress rate and on the job hazard, its entirely within their right to defend themselves in any way they see fit (within reason). These Officers go out every day with a target on their chest and stand in the face of danger and crime so that you don't have to and still they get this stigma of being cruel and brutal.
0	That's not the point though. Until the last 100 years or so, infant mortality in a single parent family was astronomically high. This makes loyalty in males a second important characteristic besides being physically capable of defending, hunting, etc. However, the number of men with good physical qualities, disease immunity, and loyalty in their genes is rather low. So the female strategy evolved of 'marrying' the loyal male with otherwise mediocre genes, having the child of the male with sexy fit genes, and having the loyal male raise it when the sexy male is off banging the next female. It isn't our moral ideal, but it did maximize the probability that our ancestors' children would live long enough to reproduce.
0	So tell me, oh moral swami, how exactly should we stop it without killing most of the North Korean population? Funny enough, they don't seem interested in stopping just because we ask, and there are tons of North Korean soldiers (and civilians) you would liberate with death before you could ever liberate the country with an army. AND even if we DID go in an other throw the regimen, have you seen what has been going on in Afghanistan? How the situation is already devolving back into violence? How will we stop that from happening this time?   All your doing is bitching, which only helps when it raises awareness of an issue. ain't nobody unaware of the situation in NK, so you are really just wasting our time and blowing hot air
0	What do you suppose is better, learning from experience (being that deep inside a fantasy and breaking yourself from it), or just being told that you should never go that deep because its a dangerous habit? This is where I think a laissez faire type of parenting could work, to let the person find out their own, to see how deeply they can feel it instead of just having a big red X telling you "NO". That sort of denial doesn't ever seem to work, just exacerbates the desire. See: horny catholic school girls
1	Good questions by Travis, lousy PR-tinged evasive answers by Nick. But what do you really expect, the man isn't going to be completely forthcoming on controversial stuff in the open.
1	I took a look and you're right however Ashe is still underwhelming.  I like to use Caitlyn as a standard for measuring ADCs   Base States     Health: Ashe has 5 more Base HP but she scales 1HP / level less compared to Cait. At level 5 they're equal and level 6 Cait has more HP.   HP Regen: Cait has more base regen and scales the same as Ashe    Mana: Cait has significantly more mana and equal scaling   Mana Regen: Cait has more base regen and better scaling   Attack Damage: Cait has slightly more base AD and slightly better scaling   Attack Speed: Ashe's base attack speed has a .033 auto attacks more than Cait / second, but equal scaling   Armor: Cait has 1.5 more base armor than Ashe and scales the same   Range: Cait has 50 more range than Ashe (650- 600)     Abilities   Focus vs Headshot     Focus- stacks 4-8 / second (if out of combat for 3 seconds) until 100 and will then critically damage (100% bonus AD).    Headshot - Gains 1 stack/aa out of brush OR 2 stacks/ aa inside brush. Deals 50% bonus AD at 7/6/5 stacks and can also critically strike.   Summary- At level 1 Ashe would have to wait an absolute minimum 25 seconds out of combat before she can use her passive (Regardless of runes and masteries). While Cait's passive encourages auto attacks plus requires an absolute minimum (Assuming no runes and masteries) of 5.26 seconds. From early to late game Caitlyn's passive dominate's Ashe's in terms of usability and damage considering a critical strike with headshot would provide 300% AD and considering how Ashe's passive means less as she builds crit items.     Volley vs Peacemaker     Mana: Volley- 60 mana. Peacemaker 50-90 (+10/lvl)   Cooldown: Volley- 16 s-4 s ( -3 s/lvl). Peacemaker 10-6 ( -1 s/lvl)   Damage: Volley-  40-80 damage w/ 1.0 AD ratio. Peacemaker - 20-180 Damage with w/ 1.3 AD ratio.    Range: Volley- 1200. Peacemaker- 1300   Utility: Volley- 57.5^o Cone, applies slows from frost shot, maximum of 7 targets hit (cannot pass through enemies). Peacemaker- straight line, increased range if combo'd with 90 caliber net, no maximum# of units hit, passes through enemies (reduced damage).   Summary- Both Skills are very nice to have as volley spread and slows but peacemaker penetrates deeper. However, in terms of damage potential Peacemaker still gives more bang for your buck...er...mana?     Frost shot vs 90 Caliber Net     Mana: FS - Toggle 8 mana/aa. 90CN- 75 mana   Cooldown: FS- toggle cooldown (.2 s?). 90CN- 18 s-10 s (-2 s /lvl)   Damage: FS- no damage. 90CN- 80-230 magic damage (+50/lvl) scaling 0.8 AP scaling   Range: FS-600 (auto attack). 90CN-1000   Utility: FS- 15%-35% slow (+5%/lvl) for 2 seconds is applied on volley. 90CN- (50% slow) for 1-2s (+0.25s/lvl) AND a 400 unit knockback. Provides more range on peacemaker.   Summary: These abilities are not easily comparable due to their uses. The quality of slow at level one on Cait far outweighs Ashe's maxed FS while the duration of slow provided by FS is matched by a maxed 90CN. Situationally 90CN provides better escape and damage while FS provides better Chase, and Kiting.      Hawkshot vs Yordle SnapTrap     Mana: HS- no cost. YST- 50   Cooldown: HS- 60s-40s (-5s /lvl). YST- 20s-8s (-3s/lvl)   Damage: HS- no damage. YST- 80-280 magic damage + 0.6 AP ratio over 1.5 seconds   Range: HS- 2500-5500 (+750 / lvl) travel radius and 1000 destination radius. YST- Placement Range is 400 but the traps can be anywhere on the map   Utility: HS- passive +3gold/unit destroyed. Provides vision in direction HS travels for 2 seconds and vision of destination for 5 seconds, vision includes brushes. YST- Maximum 3 traps. 1 trap lasts 4 minutes. Addition of a 4th trap will deactivate the 3rd. Placing traps reveals area. 1.5 second snare activates upon contacting within 67 range of trap. Trap gives true sight of champion for 9 seconds.     Summary- Different components to the vision game. Hawkshot does not cost mana and has a huge range that reveals brushes but it does not provide immediate defensive and offensive benefits that YST provides. YST gives CC (snare), damage, and true sight which is amazing in the new vision meta.     Enchanted Crystal Arrow vs Ace in the Hole     Mana: ECA- 100. AitH- 100.   Cooldowns: ECA- 100s-80s (-10s/level). AitH - 90s-60s (-15s/lvl)   Damage: ECA- 250/425/600 + 1.0 AP ratio Magic Damage (Splash Damage= 50% of normal damage). AitH- 200-700 (+225/lvl) + 2.0 AD ratio physical damage    Range: ECA- Global Skill Shot, 250 range splash effect. AitH- 2000-3000 (+500/lvl) targeted ability.   Utility: ECA- Stun on first enemy champion hit, 50% slow on all enemies in splash range. AitH-provides true sight of locked on targets after 1 second channel. Fires a targeted projectile that can be blocked.    Summary- ECA provides great utility for team fights as a strong engage and disengage tool however its AP scaling and magic damage leave it lacking in the late game, also being a skill shot its very easy to miss if used at greater distance. AitH on the other hand is AD scaling long range reveal that makes up for Cait's weaker chase game.
0	yeah, that makes it kind of easier.  This is what you do.   Contact Facilities Management and setup a new ticket.  Each building has one, they replace lightbulbs and hire plumbers.  They deal with any facilities issue.  Usually you can setup a ticket with your manager or direct supervisor.  Someone you work with should know how to contact them.  They'll hire a plumber to open it up and see if it's there.  Chances are, that ring is just sitting there waiting for someone.  If no one does anything, it could be there for YEARS, if not longer.
0	I had an ex do the same exact things. She also once whipped her brand new Iphone down the hall, shattering it in front of 4 other people, and then started to accuse me of breaking it.
0	Even though this is a terrible circumstance and the teacher is being extreme, I sorta agree with where the teacher is coming from. I was always one of those "Man forget the formula they are teaching, I can do this my way and get the right answer"   It worked for a looong time, but as I went higher into education I realized I couldn't do that anymore. It was a really hard couple of years in highschool where I had to re-learn how exactly to learn from the teacher.
1	Lulu is currently a very unique support, in my opinion, because so much skill in player her relies on making the right choices. Three of her skills have multiple uses, and choosing one of these uses means discarding the other until the cooldown comes off.   In lane, your job is to poke and generally be annoying where possible. In an early engagement your job is to polymorph the enemy carry and eventually use glitterlance to either keep the other team from escaping or kite them and keep them off of yourself or your carry. Lulu's primary weakness as a support is her lack of sustain; however, if you max shield first (this is the route I prefer; it's also worth noting that the pix's range is almost as big as glitterlance and does the exact same amount of damage per level) you can negate a significant portion of trade damage if timed correctly (this takes a lot of practice to do consistently). Your number one priority is to make sure your carry survives, so play passive if you have to. Usual advice for passive lane supporting applies here.   Teamfights are where the decisions really start getting important, because you have several possible roles. You can play protect the carry, your shield and ult to keep the ad carry alive while polymorphing any tanky-folk who try to shut her down. You can act as a disruptor, using your ult on whoever happens to be in the middle of things and polymorphing whoever is dealing the most damage. The last role is very situational, but you can also act as a buff provider; your shield gives extra damage, polymorph gives additional speed for initiation or ap for casters, and your ult provides an aoe slow.   Essentially, your skills do the following:   Q  - Slow, either offensive or defensive   W  - Disable damage/protect squishies/buff initiator/buff ap carry   E  - Protect carry/give ad carry additional dps (can do both of these)/reveal stealth or give vision (highly situational)/provide some extra burst (usually only in lane)   R  - Save carry (bonus health)/disrupt enemy team (knockup)/buff tanky person (aoe slow)
1	Rioters suck balls on LoL, wouldn't be fun to watch. Essentially time they could use to improve the game and scene will be wasted on a lesser useless cause.   I mean what's the point in mixing teams up, that defies the purpose. Top players wont do this, waste of their time, effort and majority will lose money.
0	This started out as a super long post, but I deleted to write it simply. (It turned out long still... oh well.)   I'm 36, I've been shaving my head since 2001.  I've used mega-five-blade premium razors, and rinky-dink bic disposables.  Gone through countless products trying to find the right shave.  And here's where I've landed:   Tools:  Old fashioned Merker safety razor. Platinum coated safety blades (you can buy a box of 100 from Amazon for $9.99.)  Styptic pencils (because sometimes you hic-cup or cough.  or your wife startles you.) $0.99 can of Barbasol   The process: Rule zero: let the blades do the work.  Don't apply pressure against your scalp- just pull the blade along the surface.  Doing things nice and soft-touched means you'll only ever either cut hair or cut nothing at all.   If your stubble has grown out a bit, you'll have to trim it back with trimmers.  Otherwise, you'll gunk up your blade-- but it can be done.   Wet your head with hot water-- or just shave after a good shower.   Apply a thin lather of Barbasol.   Draw the blade across your scalp in long strokes.  I do front to back til just past my crown, starting in the middle and working out toward my ears, then invert the blade and do the back of my head.  Overlap the sides of the strokes like you're mowing a lawn.  Around the ears, I do one stroke around the base of the ear, then feathery strokes radiating out away from the ear.  I wouldn't worry about grain in this pass.   (If you're using a safety razor, remember that the blade has two sides and rotate your razor once in a while.)   If your stubble has grown out, you'll need to do short, feathery, overlapping strokes for everything and rinse your blade often.   When you get to the back of your head, don't get lazy.  Remember, no pressure, just a light graze over your skin.   If the blade starts to stick, rinse your head and reapply the thin lather.   After an initial shave, I'll run my hand over my scalp feeling for left over sandpapery stubble.  I find the grain and just give them a light once-over (against the grain) until it feels smooth.   After all is said and done, rinse your head and analyze your shave.  If the water stings your head, you're applying pressure and scraping skin.  Check your fingers for blood- sometimes you just have little pimples or moles that like to catch the blade.  You'll get used to where they are and take precautions.  Also, sometimes you just catch your ear when you're in a hurry.   Apply styptic pencil as needed.  Just wet the pencil, and rub it against your scalp til you feel the sting.  Then hold it for about four to ten seconds.  Rinse and DRY your styptic pencil, else it will erode into a craggy mess.   That's all there is to it.  Slightly rough stubble will recede as your head dries and return to baby bottom smoothness.   A final tip i'll leave you with: you'll probably shave over a sink, so you have to consider cleanup.  I let the hot water trickle into the stopped up basin and usually finish shaving before the sink fills.  I then drain it very slowly which allows the shavings to stick to the basin.  Once drained, I grab a wad of toilet paper and sop up all the hair and toss it into the toilet, then just rinse whatever's left over down the drain.
1	Bork was a huge buff for her, aa q aa not counting any ad or true dmg from silver bolts will be doing 24% of their hp, so if you manage to condemn them into a wall and proc ur bork on them thats 10% and 2 more aas so were now at 50% life not including any actual Ad or silver bolts or comdemn dmg that you did to them.
1	More like ~80-100h a week of playing for 3 months + travel + shitty living + no free space/time + no job security + no job or marketable skills after they're out or when the LCS/LOL shuts down.
1	just looked at like 30seconds of your youtube vid. I know it's not a lot but I didn't get as much time to look at it as I thought I would (got called in w/e) anywho - ryze mid, you basically used your Q to last hit melee creeps that are point blank range.   NO!!!! It is tempting yes but NO! wait for minion to drop to auto attack health. If you want to hit something AA the castor minions at the back, just you know one each or something to lower then, then get back to finish off the melee creep that you would otherwise waste a Q on.  You don't even have tears yet to even really be luxurious with Qing minions.   Whats that ryze's mastery on?  I take full points into the minion mastery in the offense tree to get more damage on them.   might add more stuff later on, but still-
0	Not op as well, I broke up with a girl who I was madly in love with but she didn't feel the same way. I have sent sedated the most amazing girl I've ever been with and I'm now in love with her. I still think about the first girl but even if she came back to me with arms wide open I would not take her back. this is not necessarily because of the new girl but because she was so wrong for me in just about every way. well I still find myself thinking about her I would never actively do anything to try and get her back or be with her again.
0	yup -sure use to. (quit after 15 years)... it is quite a common saying in EMS.   when you do an awesome job and straight up save someone's life or get them the social services help they need to get them on a better life pathway and stop them calling 911 5x a day, but you got there in 9 minutes not 8 like you were suppose to  - that is bad and you catch a lot of shit for it, even if you where sent from 5 stations over cos you are  the only cover in an entire division.   but get there is 5 minutes (under the 8 minute goal) drop the patient down the stairs insult the relatives, mistake the abdo pain in the 80 female as non cardiac related,  and all is rosey in the managers world.   The managers don't care about outcomes, only how their statistics look compared to the next manager.
1	Your opinion, though right, isn't what Riot likes. They said before that they don't want to split NA into NA-W and NA-E, because of routing issues, costs, and overall player experience. They basically want to save money by letting us complain till it's actually so bad they have to do something. This issue existed in S3, but was slightly fixed with "better servers". The issues came to light again in 4.17; why? Nothing with the severs changed. Nothing with ISPs changed. It's all Riot's code. Their code on the packet losses and such. You can give us a new server for a more centralized location, but until you look at the digits and characters of the code, you'll see where the fuckup lies.
0	Here in Israel we celebrate Movember so I'm going for a moustache. The moustache is the only thing that seperates us Jews from the Arabs appearancewise, so it's kind of a problem for me, especialy at security checkpoints.
1	The actual game engine is fine in my opinion. It's actually a really complicated thing to code and it consists of multiple layers of 'engines' on top of each other. Because of this, changing core things in gameplay that lie deep within the code can be difficult and small bugs may arise.   HOWEVER, the engine of the launcher absolutely sucks. Riot has even stated this themselves (with other words of course). It does have complicated parts, such as buying RP, finding games in queue and connecting with the servers, but the core of it is very basic. You don't need to be an expert to realize their coding is terrible and old. For example, when you click on any button (shop, someone's profile, a champion...), the page takes multiple seconds to load. Often it crashes completely and you have to try again or relog. Things like this require only a small server interaction and next to no processing. They should happen instantly. Interactive parts such as dropdown menus and context menus are terribly coded. Everyone know about the bugs when selecting runes/masteries (you often have to select them twice). List sorting/filtering is another thing. The shop always laggs if you select filters or use the search bar. Even the dumbest type of sorting (which would take O(n^2 ) time for people who know what this means) should sort a list with 115 champions instantly, yet somehow Riot has found a worse sorting algorithm, something unknown to computer scientists. A simple wikipedia search can give them the exact code to sort in O(n lg n) time and filter in O(n) time (which is straightforward).
1	then I'll say something about your name because it sounds like you have no idea what you're talking about. A properly played rumble is "op" as shit. I love rumble. A properly played Viktor, again,  "op". I love playing volibear, but he can easily be dealt with and kited. it's when a pro player picks voli, does really well with him, and proceeds to destroy a team because that voli got fed, then everyone plays him in solo Q, and then everyone that lost to a voli a few times will say omg op I can't beat this guy, it has nothing to do with my play style, its volibear omg op. and yes you did act like a dick head, by having a snotty attitude and saying he was crying about it. Quite simply, it's fairly accurate. people pick a champion, a pro player sees how good that champ is, usually it's a champ thats underplayed. Like kayle was about 3 months ago. the items were the same. she didn't get buffed. Yet I loved playing kayle, she was simply underestimated. People didn't play her because she wasn't fotm. Olaf was always strong. Didn't get any attention for major nerfs until a pro player destroyed someone. It's never the person out playing someone, it's always the champion. I've been ranting and I don't even know the reason I started typing this so it's time to end it.
1	To me, pre jungle rework, tiger stance was deffinately the way to go. you cleared the golem faster (single target meaning, not the camp) and you also had insane amounts of burst with the tiger activation, once you got madreds it became nearly impossible for someone to 1v1 you (unless it was a farmed Nasus)   More recently, with the rework ive been running pheonix stance, it works hella efficiently, and inplace of wriggles you get wits as first item.  so when you have red, pheonix, and wits procing, you're doing alllll that damage ontop of basic attack damage. it gets pretty intense. Udyr is just a very strong champion when played effectively, tiger stance is best used when you know you're gonna have alot of 1v1 scenarios (but who can ever really judge that) other than that, pheonix will be your best bet for clearing the jungle in a timely fashion
0	In the 7th grade I was feeling pretty bored one day and thought, 'Hey, I wear jeans almost exclusively, and they all look the same!.' Thus came the year of The One Pant. One entire school year wearing one pair of pants, at no point washed. I was careful. Oh so careful. Abstaining cheetos entirely, and shirking sauces. At the end of every day I would comb them for stains, seeking any clue that would reveal my deceit. The rare few times a flaw was found, I scraped it away.   Months rolled by, not a single person suspecting a thing. Not even my parents knew! I would take perfectly clean jeans and rub a bit of dirt on them to trick my mother into thinking the cycle had not been broken.   Finally, the end of the year came. I remember it clearly, standing in the school courtyard with my best friend. Spring blew through the sunlight in floral waves as I turned to him with a knowing grin. 'Hey, Jake.' 'Yeah?' 'I have been keeping a secret this entire year in plain sight. Can you guess what it is?' He cast his eyes up and down, trying to pry any crumb of knowledge my relaxed pose might betray. 'No dude, what is it?'   'I've been wearing.  The same pants .  The entire year .'   'WHAT?!' His eyes shoot down to my legs and I see the gears turning in his head. I'm laughing now. I'd done it. I'd fooled them all. 'What the fuck, dude.' 'Hey, you couldn't tell.'   With the deed done, it felt only right that I surrender them now to the washer. I should tell you now, reader, that never once in that year had I actually smelled those pants. Nobody had. Standing over the swirling soap a terrible curiosity gripped me and I held my nose to the fabric. A thousand fallen angels, weeping sepsis from long blistered wounds, infested my nose. I cast the foul cloth into the machine and slammed the lid, retching. How such a rank miasma could be contained within such a small space marvels me to this day.   When the damned pant broke free of the churning toil it was a tattered rag. The knees were completely blown out, the pockets missing, belt loops lost to the howling void. It was a foul thing. A terrible artifact. But it was the most comfortable pair of pants I had ever known in my young life.   I patched them. And like a curse inspired by legend, they would be obliterated every time they were washed.   I'm a different man now. I wear multiple pairs of pants in a week. Even shorts, should the weather allow. But I will always remember the most comfortable fabric to ever cradle a crotch.
0	You should go over to Pubmed and read some empirical studies about money and personality. Earning more than your peers turns people into assholes.   So if you brag about cash, it's pretty a safe bet that you're an asshole even if you started out a normal guy.   Also the structure of our society is what's messed up, bud. Not whiners. People whine the exact same amount that they've always whined, and WILL always whine, no matter what their lives are like. It's human nature.   What you need to look at, however, is whether those whines are caused by things in need of legitimate change.
0	No, I haven't but I've had a great many female partners, and have been (pretty much strictly) monogamous with my wife for over 10 years.  My experience is - the more enthused she is about having a good time, the more willing I am to  ensure  she has a great time.
1	Rammus win rate is as high as people get cocky in solo queue. That's all there is to it.   He has the speed to ignore your wards. Overaggressive players usually don't ward/ don't look at their wards.   He has the tankiness to punish greed. Coupled with his innate speed, he is one of the best to punish greedy players. Oh so you wanted to stay with below 30% hp? Sorry im coming for you and you won't go back. Also you won't outplay me, its point and click.   I can go on forever on this topic. A good solo queue champion is a champion that punish cockiness, it always will be. Way too much players puts their pride above efficiency. Rammus destroys that because he is so easy  and his kit so good that he won't allow your "plays".   Also his bot lane ganks are way too strong. Unless your support is a support main playing on cafeine, in solo q he is a freekill bot. Hell, if i don't break first blood before 3 minutes i just go bot and kill the support, flash or not. They have no boots anyway. All they need is to be ~in the middle of the lane.   Pick Rammus into Riven, or Yasuo, or Katarina, or Akali, or Leona, or Fiora, i can't think of an aggro pubstomper that doesn't get obliterated by really simplistic Rammus play.   When people will stop underestimating their opponents, or actually put effort in their gameplay, Rammus win rate will fall. Yeah, just nerf his kit, put taunt on a skill shot or something, because that's not gonna happen.   Sounds like a rant but it just happens that i play a good Rammus and  when i win it sickens me because i didn't even put effort into it, enemy gave it to me. I just abused cockiness.
1	so heimer with the lowest base movement speed of ALL champs can outrun a karthus with wall of pain? um. no.   lets weigh it out.   your setup:  4,5% movespeed (quints), so 313 mspeed total.  15 ap , a little mana reg, 80 hp (dorans)  no pots   vs   350 movespeed  (boots)  15 ap (quints)  no mana regen  450 hp in pots   so basically what you are saying is:   "i pick the same offensive stats, just less defense and less movespeed.  and no ignite. "  so i cant ever kill anyone and can never get away from ganks. also i cant ever recover from trades and die as soon as i get poked repeatedly.   also this post is gonna get downvoted for telling the truth.
1	You know what i come to this subbreddit and see so much positivity and when i play a fucking game. IT ALL GOES AWAY. YOU CANT HAVE A GOOD COMMUNITY WHEN A GAME IS FREE. I try so fucking hard to be positive and it doesn't help at all. Team is fucking retarded then starts blame game. I join in on the scapegoating because I can't handle the bullshit. One month down the line i get an email from riot saying to calm down. They don't ban people who contribute money as much as the scum they ban that don't provide any monetary value because they are fucking 13 year old ragers.
0	Really? Charging someone with a crime for falsely accusing someone of rape and ruining their entire lives is discencentive for real victims? The only thing it is is discencentive for for the women who FALSELY accuse men of rape, not real rape victims.
0	Student in audio engineering and computer science here.  You're actually a bit wrong.  The easiest way to understand why modems make that noise is to compare it to an audio sync technique called Longitudinal Time Code (LTC).   LTC syncs analog tape machines together using an audio signal which is translated into SMPTE time code.  Don't worry about understanding that too much though.  The main point is that LTC used a square wave while the receiving end listens to that square wave and translates it into binary code.   You know what a square wave [looks like](  How they have shelves on the top and bottom.  LTC listens to that square wave and whenever it hears a specific pattern of the wave it equates that to a 1.  The other pattern would be a 0. It is actually that simple.  Once you have things in terms of 1s and 0s you can do almost anything with binary.   [This website]( explains LTC much more in depth.  I'm showing LTC instead of dial up because it is much more simple to understand, but the idea is still the same.   If you played a LTC as an actual audio track you would hear a very fast clicking sound and it would sound somewhat similar to dial up noise.
0	Of course I read exactly what you said, they were hardly a set of ambiguous statements.   You stated that two party systems were an 'unavoidable consequence' of first past the post.  Whilst I don't disagree that evidence hints that such systems tend to lead to two party systems, it is a huge leap to 'unavoidable consequence', and demonstrably false (as seen in the UK - from which the U.S. inherits first past the post).  Indeed there have historically been two dominant parties in the UK to parliamentary system; though which two parties has evolved and changed more frequently than in the States.   I was at the leaders debates, I am very aware of how the UK and US systems work - and, more importantly, how they differ.  They are both first pass the post systems though. There are many reasons that might explain why the U.S. has ended up so strongly suppressing non-mainstream parties, and directly electing President may be one of those reasons - though the way parties are funded is possibly a stronger factor.
1	I live in Texas and average around 80~ ping, but then i switched over to Latin America North servers and average 50~ ping. The reason being that NA servers are in California, which is 2200~ miles away, while the LAN servers are in Miami, which is 1100~ miles away.   So try making a new account on LAN servers and if you prefer the ping there and don't mind everyone speaking spanish transfer your main account there!   P.S. I am currently on vacation in a country that is, by region, in the EUNE servers and get like 60-90 ping average, but I decided to make an account in the Turkey servers and average 50~ ping and 60~ in EuW.
1	Each report is looked at for legitimacy. Chat logs are scanned for keywords and such. For things harsher than chat bans (such as 2 week and perma bans) they are looked at by a rioter personally. As such there is less than a 1% false positive. The number of reports doesn't influence anything. If you get reported for something bogus then the person reporting you loses some weight in their future reports and the report he gave you was not counted towards any punishment received. RiotLyte and Phreak had a large number of posts in the past few days on the forums explaining the whole things and how the system is not abusable by large amounts of false reports.
1	Yeah didn't want to make all this points going to much unseen in a
0	Gay man here, can explain:   We all want to feel wanted. We all like that someone wants to kiss us. For gay guys, it's obviously not sexual attraction that leads us to kiss with girls, but what it represents - 'look, I'm hot!'.   And since we're gay, we think it doesn't count when we kiss girls. Therefore, we can totally kiss our friends' girls. Right?   Not right. OP should tell his friend, who probably feels he did nothing wrong. I bet you, OP, that your friend will actually appreciate being counted for something and will duly apologize. Otherwise, I'll do it for him.
1	My mind is in complete behaviorist approach since I was writing a paper on it. Progress is not very well define in this system anyways so it made no sense to mention it. Showing progress implies that you have a way to measure it, but without knowing mmr, it's not very clear. So I think most people see progress in results.  To get back to my analogy, I used that since I wanted to compare effectiveness of the reward. I'm just saying that if the reinforcer is not certain, it's not gonna be very good at its job (motivating people). It's like studying. If you are guarantee to get good grades on exams by studying which will certainly give you good grade in the class, you will more likely to study than if getting good grades on the exams won't guarantee your grade (if your grade is 95% off other things).
0	I just called a person the other day with their delivery time for the following day. She told me that she won't be able to accept delivery and we might have to change the date. I told her that it would be best to just keep this time and if it doesn't work out, we will reschedule. I offered to call her 30 minutes before we arrived and she said she wouldn't be able to answer because she would be in the pool.. At her house.. where the delivery would take place..
0	No, you're not a racist, but your conclusion could be argued to be racist, only it's probably not your fault. We gather information and extract experience from what we percieve as normal/not normal, which is often defined by what is most/least. It's not so much that all white neighbourhoods are good, it's just that there is a higher frequency of troubled black neighbourhoods than troubled white neighbourhoods.
0	OP   > Can someone with a professional perspective in sociology, dating, feminism, history, or psychology explain exactly why women are so closely scrutinized, evaluated, and assumed to have a sexual agenda?   This person is saying that men are doing these horrible things to her. go read the post.   In the comments:   >   This whole comment thread - holy shit.   Same post:   someone:  > I think one reason might be that some, not all men, are very bad at reading non verbal behavior and as a result use wishful thinking to process it.   OP > How can this be debunked? I'm not happy at all to have this projected onto me, and not at all happy that being generally friendly and kind can be misconstrued to have a deliberately seductive intent. Is this a recent development? Is this a function of PUA rhetoric, or has it always been so?   Because men express interest in OP, or comment on her fucking lipstick, they're PUAs.     Here's another one:
0	I'm glad to see someone say this.  I just read a book on dissonance theory ("Mistakes Were Made (But Not By Me)") and there was one specific part that really resonated with me for some reason.  At the end of the book, the authors were talking about all the implications of dissonance theory and gave an example of some American psychologists who were doing a study that involved having school children solve puzzles.  It didn't go in depth into the mechanics of the study; it just stated that they were testing an asian kid at some point and he was doing some kind of physical puzzle and having trouble with it.  After a few minutes, they began feeling embarrassed for him.  He worked on it, with no bashfulness, for about 45 minutes until he solved it.   The point is, this seemed so foreign (pun intended) to the psychologists because our culture is harsh toward failure or "looking stupid."  The book went on to state that our culture praises "intelligence" (even though intelligence is widely considered a fluid thing rather than a fixed entity) and decries failure but that cultures that are more effective praise kids for hard work, whether or not they get the answer right or complete whatever task on their first try.   I think this is a huge problem in our school system.  We rank horribly.  As someone who was always told I was smart as a young kid, I can tell you that it is actually debilitating in a way.  You begin to think that the effort you are putting forth doing simple elementary school work is all that you'll ever have to put forth to be considered "intelligent."  College (Chemical Engineering) set me straight pretty quick.  And I was always ingrained with good work ethics.  I've seen a lot of people with good potential and less discipline end up doing so much less than they could do.
1	The problem is occurring on multiple ISP's because they ISP's don't actually control their traffic from your house all the way to Riot's servers.  If you really want to get into it, [here is the wikipedia article] ( that describes how the data tiers and flow work.  Basically your ISP is likely a Tier 3 or possibly a Tier 2 provider.  They are passing data up to the Tier 1 providers who then transmit it back down to you and vice versa.   Riot has connections with multiple ISP's and has routes setup within the higher tiered networks to help provide a higher quality of service to you as a user, but sometimes this still does not guarantee that service will always be what it should be.  Riot is working with their providers and adding circuits in an attempt to help create the shortest routes between their customers and their servers, but that takes time and a lot of money.  I don't know what their lead time is or what infrastructure they have to put in place to make additions or changes to their networks, but for my company it is 60 to 90 days to get a circuit installed.  However, when we add a circuit, it doesn't have near the amount of dependencies that theirs will when incorporating load balancing and traffic flow.  On top of that they also have to test them extensively to make sure they are not impacting their existing infrastructure.   Another factor which is probably causing some issue is the growth of BGP entries in routing tables around the world which you can read about [here](  This has caused widespread issues around the world and is completely out of Riot's control.
0	I worked at Hobby Lobby's main warehouse here in oklahoma city and that place is a joke for holidays. I would have work every holiday except thanksgiving, christmas and new years day. And when we didn't work those days we had to make up for them so we worked either saturday or SUNDAY! Pretty funny since the owner is "Christian" and closes his sores on sunday? Yet that Mofo lives in a house here thats 37,000 sq. feet! His house has a indoor pool with a high dive. Must be nice to be a billionaire.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.
0	I took three years of engineering college.  I finished all but a couple "core" classes.  I never plan on being employed as an engineer.  So I tried to transfer from engineering to business so I could get some more training in a field relevant to what I want to do.  I was denied my transfer and I'd rather not waste another year-18 months of my life finishing up an engineering degree learning a bunch of stuff I'm actually never going to use (not like basic chemistry or calculus, but some pretty advanced stuff).  I really am glad I took most of those first three years of college, but I really don't need to learn a lot of really advanced engineering techniques.  My time is better spent employed in retail getting better at sales and customer interactions while trying to grow my own skate company in the rest of my time.   The trick is that even though I'm not in school I haven't stopped learning.  I got a job in retail on purpose.  I wanted to get better at making sales.  I would prefer to self-employ for the rest of my time and I find myself drawn to the "sell things" side of the industry.  People will always want and buy things.  I know how to design things and get them made thanks to my basic engineering knowledge.  Thanks to my startup experience I know how to work with a team of engineers to get a product designed and find a manufacturer to get it made.   Thanks to a couple comm classes I've gotten a lot better at crafting the language I use and it's helped but there are still things I don't know.   I don't know real business theory.  I know that if you sell things to people and make money in the middle you can make a business happen.  But I haven't taken a single formal business class.  I took a couple "entrepreneurship" classes along the way that were helpful but nothing I hadn't learned from outside areas already.  (my uncle is an entrepreneur and I worked with him on several of his companies)   I also don't know much about management from a manager's perspective.  But ever since I've made the decision to own companies I've realized that learning how to promote a healthy and productive work environment is a difficult and rare skill.  It would be interesting to take classes on the psychology of management.  At my job I have rotating interactions with 5 different managers and have a great opportunity to study what seems to be working and what doesn't.   So here's a
1	Use your range to your advantage. Throws out Q's as often as you can. Try not to worry too much about your manapool running dry, harassing is the most efficient way to spend your mana. Your range is immense, there is often no reason to run past the middle of the lane, making it a lot harder for the enemy jungler to gank you and for your lane opponent to harass you.   Against a lot of champions you can push the lane. Stay back as your minions give you vision of the enemy champion and spam your Q. You'll find that your opponents will have a harder time dodging. Do note that this is a lot more effective when you have a Blue Buff available. The ideal thing to do is to push the wave to the enemy tower, forcing your opponent to last hit under his tower and giving you some time to easily harass him/her. Your minions often get killed soon enough for the lane to reset to the middle again. Repeat this once or twice and you'll be able to force your opponent out of creep range while you can theoratically pick up every creep along the way.
0	I posted this as a response but ill just throw it here and see where it goes.   To begin with the Confederate flag probably started out as pure and the ideal for states rights. It has changed though when the KKK and other groups that hate African Americans started using the flag. The moment a hate group highjacked the symbol it changed to hate.   This can easily be explained through a story: I went to Japan when i was 15 and saw what appeared to be a swastika on the GPS. I started asking my host mom questions and she said that it was a church. To the Orient it means something spiritual yet to a majority of the western world it is a symbol of hate. The symbol originated as a religious symbol but has been twisted as a symbol of hate. (and is slightly different)
0	I made the mistake of working on a project roughly similar to this when I was right out of college. I accepted the job through Elance, and the budget was $200 for 2-3 days of work.   The fucking idiot employer kept changing her mind. I would make a 100% complete deliverable, and she would immediately decide that she didn't like her concept, and would request that we scrap it all and start from scratch. She did this once a week for 12 weeks. Towards the end I started refusing to make changes and she complained to Elance, saying that I was breaching our contract. I argued that she had misrepresented the project since day 1, and had gone $1,500 over budget. Elance ruled in my favor, told her to pay me, and in response she closed her account, told me that she was moving to Israel, and to never contact her again. Never got the money (not even the $200).
0	I work at a bank. Had someone come in the other day because they're a beneficiary on one account and co-owner on another, and their mother had passed away. Got all bent out of shape when we wouldn't waive the early withdrawal penalty on the co-owned one and wouldn't do anything at all to the beneficiary one without the death certificate. Said they'd bring it in the following week. Eventually they let it slip that their mother wasn't actually dead /yet/. Just almost dead.  This is why the death certificate exists.
0	I'll try to avoid statements that make me seem ignorant. Let me know if I've failed that.   Being 17 I have an undeniable urge to defend fellow teenagers. That said, not everyone deserves my defense. One should exercise caution when generalizing a statement about any group, because those they mindlessly condemn that do not fit the preconceived mold by which they judge will inevitably feel betrayed. I'm not saying you're all wrong, I just feel some people are pointing a gun at others who don't deserve it, while hiding behind the excuse that they're a teenager and by extension (one which evidently need not be proved) they are guilty. Understand there is a difference between people that are obnoxious, ignorant, pretentious, immature, and ill-tempered that happen to be between the ages of 12 and 20 and the entirety of teenagers.
0	Call the police to report the bike stolen, and give them the serial number if you have it.  Pawn shops have to check against stolen serial numbers before buying bikes.  When my bike was stolen in college, the guy tried to pawn it, and the police nailed him.  The guy had pawned something like 30 bikes in a month, but I guess nobody else bothered to give the police their serial number.  I'll never forget that call from the Austin Police Department telling me that they had my bike.
0	serve you something that doesn't reflect their art/skills   'Fuck what you want, I'm an artist!'?   That is ridiculous.  I have a colleague who is the CEO of a billion dollar a year company.  Like me, he has issues with textures.   Rare steak makes him throw up.   An oh so clever chef pulled the 'You ordered medium well, so I'll deliver completely rare' thing.  A table of 20 people, who ended up spending about $7,000, ended up at a different restaurant.
1	You nailed the entire point with your second sentence. New languages are born out of the 'misuse' of older languages. People change the way that they communicate over time and that leads to new systems and new rules. That doesn't make the new set of rules wrong. It just makes them different. I also find it interesting that words are changed and adapted over time, but I was just trying to guide you away from the misconception that differences in languages imply that one is correct and one is incorrect. Situations like this are rarely black and white.   For instance, let's take the words 'black,' 'blank,' 'bianco,' and 'blakkr.' All of these words can be traced back to the same Proto-Indo-European roots that mean 'empty' or 'blank.' Eventually, some languages came to adopt the term to represent what we currently know as the color 'black' in English. Other cultures came to use it to represent the color known as 'white' in English. That's why you end up with black and bianco, two words that came from the same root, but have completely opposite meanings.   In short (hah!), if you were simply trying to share the Latin roots of the word, then more power to you. If you were trying to use it to discredit the way that it's used in English, then you're ignoring the entire process by which language is created.
0	There is no "black culture". Do you honestly believe someone black living in Nigeria has the same world view, attitude, demeanor, and style as someone black living in Atlanta, Georgia?   People's culture varies from place to place. Culture does not just stem from race but number of different factors. Things such as a person's level of education, language, religion, music, geographic location, and etc are just some of the things that help form a specific culture.   Not only that but people can be a mesh of different cultures. For example my parents are immigrated to the US from Haiti. The culture for blacks over there is much different from the culture of blacks over here. However, because I was born and raised in the US I have not only Haitian cultural ties but also have my Americanized view of the world. As do my parents since they've been here now for most of their life. And even within people who fall into the same category as my parents and I there are cultural differences. My parents themselves gripe about how dumb and horrible "Florida Haitians" are along with "Black Americans" who they think are the worst of the worst...
1	I've read it before, and I just have no idea what point you're trying to make. Are you trying to say that because CLG doesn't get as many minions while behind that they're worse at playing from behind than other teams? Because that's just wrong. All that matters is total gold, it doesn't matter how much you farm or how many kills you're getting if you aren't getting objectives. As that article clearly shows, CLG has the highest GPM in losses of any team in the NA LCS.   Here's some quotes from the article you told me to read.   >When CLG loses, they are often described as looking “invisible” or “shut down,” but on overall gold, we see that they actually do the best job at staying in the game. Is farming while behind such a priority after all?  These stats would indicate that perhaps it is not, at least for CLG and LMQ.   >That said, CLG is also a team that has mounted several successful comebacks. It’s one thing to look good while losing and another thing entirely to actually overcome a gold deficit. Two of these comebacks have been from as far as a 20% deficit. CLG has the second best compilation of comebacks overall (after Cloud 9).
1	Well, this is what happens when you are toxic. You have to do things to convince them you have changed.   For example:   It's like when you were a kid. Your parents have rules about going places on a school night past a certain time say 8p.m. You sneak out at 12 to go to a party, and you get caught by your parents. You are now grounded for not following the rules. Would you really think that your parents would just let you hand out with your friends whenever now? You have to convince them you won't sneak out again.   You violated Riot's summoners code. You got punished. Prove you have changed.
0	I dont care if noone sees this, it's venting time, because this happened to me not two effin days ago as this Chrysler mistakes my indicator to merge right into the exit lane as an indicator to turn on douche-turbo and try and speed up to block me from coming in. But I have had enough experience with anus Cali drivers to know if I can safely make it, and it means they have to quickly slow down because they made the mistake of trying to speed up when they were far behind me, I'm not gonna quickly change my maneuver just to appease their douchey I wanna go fast driving. So he honked at me, wtvbro.gif, I felt good I didn't do anything to react to his supreme assholeness but there's just some people you see shittily driving, and you know they don't think they're doing anything wrong, so you just wanna pull them out of their car and start stomping on them till the green cash icons start floating around their corpses....
0	No I have no problem with it at all it just seems that a lot of homosexual people tend to use there sexuality to define themselves instead of who they are maybe its just the people I've been around. And if it were straight people doing this I would also be annoyed. I don't think they should just make a gay superhero just so there is a gay superhero. I mean any superhero movie or even normal stories where it would be focused on the sexuality of the protagonist would be absolutely horrible. Yes the love interest is in all superhero movies etc. But its not the main point of the story.
1	Fnatic could have won that, but they fucked themselves. Even though they did the deep ward for lane swaps well, they should not have lane swapped.   Lucian Morgana is a better lane than Kog'Maw Thresh early, and that's when you need to shut down a Kog'Maw. Fnatic gave Alliance a safe lane to get Kog'Maw through the laning phase and into the mid game. That's just dumb. Kog'Maw is a huge late game carry and out scales Lucian. Lucian is good against Kog'Maw in lane because he is an early game bully and can force Kog'Maw out of lane before level 6. Not only is Lucian better than Kog'Maw in lane, but Morgana is a direct counter to Thresh. A well timed Black Shield will completely nullify Thresh.   Not only was swapping the bot lane bad, but Jax needs a safe laning phase more than Shyvana. While Jax into Shyvana may not be the easiest match up, Jax should have been able to get more farm against Shyvana than against Kog'Maw Thresh. Shyvana has her E to farm with from a distance. She can't be denied cs as much as Jax. Not only is Shyvana safer in lane, but Shyvana needs less items to be effective. Jax becomes unstoppable after he gets BoRK and TriForce, but until then, he's a little weak. Shyvana on the other hand ramps up with every level and every item she gets. Shyvana effectively gets to a point where you just have to quote xPeke himself and say "Fuck that shit man, he's too tanky." So in this match up, if Jax can't scale at a similar rate to Shyvana, then Jax is useless.   I think this mistake shows that Fnatic really does need an analyst, or a whole team of them (Hell, I just graduated college and don't have a job and would gladly move to Europe to work for any pro team if given the chance).
0	I replied to this so it could reach you like, personally:   If this is the case, you don't have a friendship at all, but an inequitable relationship. I kind of think you owe it to the both of you to tell him the truth, and if it doesn't work out, you can adjust your feelings accordingly.   Relationships, be them platonic, romantic, or otherwise, demand parity. Without that, you really have nothing.
0	in case OP does not know, Heimerdinger is a character in League of Legends and of the different emote sayings each player has, one of Heimer's emotes is that exact joke in OP's post.
0	The way most people seem to be responding makes me worry about where this world is headed. On Reddit, I see so many wonderful stories of love for one-another. Then I see a post like this (2nd one in two days).   I too was bullied in grade school. OP and others, you have to learn that if you want people to be kind to each other then you need to start with yourself. People are mean all the time (IMO, there are many examples of this from this thread). Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, makes mistakes throughout life. Challenge yourself to grow as a person and forgive. You take the action and treat others well. Not because they deserve or don't deserve it, but because it's the right thing to do. So many people complain about how they were treated poorly and turn around and celebrate when bad things happen to the ones who have wronged them in some way. Please understand how hypocritical that is. If you want to live in a better world, help create one. Add love, not hate.
1	Ap Trynd Has no Bonus armor until zhonya + No bonus MR, His only laning harras is E + AA. If Avoided any high burst champion with a built in sustain can beat Trynd, Like Kha'zix, Renekton, Rengar or even Olaf. I would say Darius can also beat him since his harras is good, but his Ult would be countered.   An AP Champ like Singed would consider this an easy lane, If Trynd decided to trade all singed would do is to continue on trailing his poison and fling ONLY when HE wants to,  An AP tank like Swain would feast on trynd after 6, Since Trynd has to get close and Swain Should Predict Trynd's movement to land his W, And if Trynd gets too close, E + Q + Ult will finish Trynd.   AP Trynd relays on Items, Yes he does have a huge amount of AP in the beginning but if he is zoned from CSing he is screwed in the late game.   Going full AP Trynd is making it work, But he is squishy and can be dealt with like the normal AD trynd, But AD trynd usually builds a BT (Lifesteal) making him a bit hard to kill after ult sometimes, AP trynd if focused by a bruiser in Team fights he should be nulled in a normal game.   Those are my thoughts, I'm trying to be helpful ^^ If I'm wrong it's ok I tried
0	I already explained why I mentioned tech.  I don't really take people seriously if they're afraid of technology; people who are afraid of the internet specifically and mistrust it because of technophobia exist and if that's their motivation for saying "don't believe Wiki," I immediately dismiss their points.  I don't care to further elaborate for you. But why are you so hung up on the tech point anyway?  If it makes you feel better, I'll retract it. I don't really care and it's not the main point I was making.   "There  is  false information on the internet." Well...yeah, duh.  But this constant and universal assault on the accuracy of info on the internet is the tech/info literacy equivalent of telling kids they'll get the aids-bola virus if they're so much as naked in the same room with a person of the opposite sex.  Just don't be an idiot, use reasonable sites, and cross-check references and you should be fine.   Really, this issue applies pretty much anywhere you get your information.  I've found just as many fallacious articles published in  Nature / Science  as I have on Wiki (in science articles I mean, of course).  Look, my  job  involves constantly parsing information on the internet.  You're making quite the assumptions here: 1) That I blindly trust technology. 2) That I think this issue is a matter of technology. 3) That I don't think authority is important.  Who do you think writes the articles on, say, renormalization, hrmmm?  Do you even know what that is?  Know who knows what that is?  Figures of authority.  Crowdsourcing is terrible for some things; for others it's amazing.   Since we're tossing in unfounded ad hominem attacks in here, there should be a word for people like you who seem to be predisposed to  not  believe things on the internet.  I know plenty of them.   You've actually weakened your argue by demonstrating that you're far more likely to make presumptions about the nature of something than you're claiming I am.  You've lost focus of the main point, misdiagnosed my perspective, and been patronizing while telling me nothing I don't already know.  I'm quite done here.
1	The problem with Ashe is that she is a  hard carry , but does not scale as well into late game as a better  soft carry  in terms of damage.   Right now that's getting more important, but it's been a core problem for a while. Remember Corki before the nerfs? That's when people first started to realize that soft carries were out damaging Ashe by quite a bit.   Look at the big 'carries' right now: Vayne, Cait, Ezreal, Kog'maw and Urgot.   Are any of them hard carries? Nope. Except Kog'maw they're all immensely strong right from level one. So much so that they can hold a lane against many mages and bruisers. Urgot and Ezreal in particular were for a long time used exclusively as mid-lane champions. They're the softest of the soft carries. Even calling them a carry is misleading. Thus why Vayne was (is?) labeled as an Assassin and Urgot is (was?) labeled as a bruiser.   Ashe? Hard carry. Her early game is  pathetic . Ashe needs to farm her ass off until late game to be useful. Even if she does that her damage output is lower than all of the above (yes, including Urgot and Ezreal). So what's the point of Ashe? She can initiate with R. Something other carries can't reliably do.   A hard carry is supposed to be a nightmare late game. Look at something like a really farmed Kog'maw, Tristana, or Vayne. This is the type of DPS that hard carries are supposed to do. Kog'maw is a very soft carry. Vayne is a pseudo-assassin. Tristana is sort of halfway between hard and soft carry.   Honestly for Ashe to really work without completely redesigning how carries work she either needs her R adjusted (give it a ~30 second CD, make it ~2500 range and halve the stun -- it's just Mirana's arrow anyway), or greatly increase her per-level base stats. Primarily her attack speed. Even then she'd have a few issues.
1	This argument, though frustrating from Dyrus' perspective, was not that bad. I understand that it sucks to have to deal with constant harassment from a teammate, but people are not perfect, and Reginald isn't always this extreme. And even in this extreme example, nothing serious occurred.   When people live with each other, conflict is inevitable. It's getting beyond that conflict, and learning to forgive each other that makes a team/friendship stronger.   All of this Reginald hate isn't going to help. Sure he's obstinate, and dogging Dyrus unfairly, but this small of a fight is meaningless in context of the rest of their relationship as friends. And you guys whiteknighting for Dyrus isn't going to change anything, or make Dyrus feel better.
1	I'm around 1300-1400 bracket.   I have so much easy times climbing out of 1200 to 1300. I find climbing outta 1300 is so fucking hard. I got to every game with positive attitude, i try to remain positive as long as I can. If we are doing good or somewhat good, I am the nicest person in the world, but nothing just makes me rage harder than solotop or any other lane that blames jungler. Also when some1 goes fullderp and is 0/6/0 or something, I just can't help myself.   Am I alone with this?
1	Even though I strongly dislike this, I like this. I used to main champs like Zac / Naut / J4 myself uintill they got nerfed, and I've simply fallen off a lot as a jungler in the new meta. I've always played Lee, but 1 decent jungler is not a good enough champion pool to be a great jungler (I have tried, and do every now and then play the other top tier junglers, and often win, but I just do not enjoy them as much). Anyways, I like the way they constantly change the game, regardless if it's buffs / nerfs. When my previous mains got nerfed, I had to alter into a new playstyle, which did not benefit me that much, but I still enjoyed it, it still made the game differ and not be as boring. As they nerf theese top tier junglers, other junglers will get to shine, and might get buffed. If  someone like Skarner will become strong and be a legit pick, a lot of the current meta will change, you wount have the high damage game changing jungler anymore, but again the supportive high CC jungler, which will be dependant on more damage in lanes, and will alow such things as squishy top laners (for example).
1	I totally disagree with this enormous wall of text. Yeah in late game to defeat the bigger champs you have to stick and spam abilities, right.   I've played after I saw the BEST RENGAR NA stream now 50ish games with Rengar and with his build (do not know his Summoner name now) I can do two things in top lane.   Poke my opponent to pieces, I allow no farm. Getting in the bush, jump, Bola Throw him out of lane time after time. And the best thing is when I hit 6 I go in for the kill just like the lore suggests. How? Poke him down with my E, go into bush (or do the recall trick). Hit R and Q him down and, indeed, a spam of my abilities.   Even better, go invisible when your lane opponent sees it. He will shit his pants because he knows the next 8 seconds you can jump on his ass with devastating force.   You could also push the lane up by spamming abilities. Go roam and help your mid. You have so many options just by your invisibility and the fact you leave the lane scares the shit out of your opponents (knowing you have your ulti).   Even better, turn invis, pick up teleport to bot in bush and jump on their asses.   And the best thing of this is, ganked? No problem, get in bush, jump around on minions get out or just ulti out. His passive and his ulti are so strong. You are able to bring down 3 enemies ganking you just because you can keep jumping around, hit your E (which is a lot of damage especially in early game), go in bush, jump again. You are literally all over the place.   Another nice tip I discovered is placing a pink ward when your enemy has warded the lane in river (or bush for that instance). Do not destroy the ward, you can jump to it from the bush making you even more of a pouncing tiger in fights.   I agree that in late game you will be spamming a lot of your spells, but your main role is just to turn invis and be the assasin. Move through the enemies (or circle around them to avoid any oracles) and kill their APC or ADC, get out and get 3 skills off. Then wait and do it again to get your Q up again.   Rengar is so much fun to play once you discover the invisible aspect of him and his leap (so much different than Evelynn for example which is extremely boring to play imo), you scare the shit out of the carries. And if you get fed it's even more fun just by roaming, seeing one opponent OOP and snap his neck.
1	Pretty much completely ruining any competitive viability of this champion. As she's my favorite champion, this makes me incredibly sad. I've always felt Elise was a Lee Sin who was better at certain things but traded them off for some other with Lee being undeniably the better champion (I believe LS is by far the most OP champion in the game, but that's another story for another time).   Lee's early game is 100x more ridiculous than Elise's. With 0 emphasis on positioning due to his sub-15 second CD reposition, all Lee has to do is land 1 skill shot and he instantly applies execute damage right after. Accidentally jumped under tower? God thing the tool you used to engage isn't your disengage right (Rappel).   The things Elise's do and high skill cap (ex: rappel onto the back line of minions, instantly shift out and full combo). Are powerful, sure, but they're risky. If you rappel offensively you have no rappel if you, say, get knocked back into the tower you rappelled close to.   Also I think the point OP brought up with the drop off rate of Elise as the game goes on is highly relevant. She brings NOTHING to a teamfight, a little bit of execute damage because you have to go full tank. This is literally not comparable to Lee who's almost unkillable due to mobility, has a ludicrously short CD displacement, shield, execute on a similar CD to Elise's.
1	You do know that if the Mid uses one spell to leash and then walk straight away and Bot/Top (depending on side) attacks Wolves once or twise(? :p) then walks straight away, you're only going to lose 1-2 minions :p
1	Sorry but criticism in a competitive game sometimes is necessary, albeit he was a little harsh THAT'S OK. This game isn't rated C for Carebear it's T for Teen, his language usage was totally fine for a competitive game. He did not continuously flame he did it lets say 5 times not even flaming just saying in response to ezreal what he was doing wrong. Not as retaliation but to try to get the point across as best he could so as to win the game. The ALL CHAT is not ban worthy at all it's annoying but I don't see him abusing anyone, or harassing anyone to such a point it's punishable. Of you say WTF dude why didn't you grab that, and the guy says fuck you, and you say ok muted. That's not harassment. Adding an insult to injury is not ok when someone does but if the team is trying to explain and you've been saying it all game you're justified in saying as well has that person listened it would have been on such as this guy did.
1	Woong is foreign, we don't hear nearly as much news about him especially since he hasn't really done anything notable since then besides Quantic.   Anyway, to sum it up:   I didn't really know much about Woong since I don't follow the Korean scene all that much.  I catch a game here and there but that's about it.   So, first thing I can remember hearing about him is that he screwed over some player in order to invite Locodoco onto his team.  Ok, whatever, dick move but I don't really care all that much.   Next thing I see about him is his performance during worlds at which point he cheated and looked at the minimap.  Ok, what an asshole, Riot was dumb as hell to put the screens in that position but IIRC TSM also saw that the screens were in a bad position but instead of using it to their advantage they paused the game and asked Riot members for the screens to be turned off.  Riot refused.  Anyway, point is Woong cheated and that's the second thing I basically ever heard about him.  That he screwed over a teammate and kicked him off for a bullshit reason and that he cheated at Worlds.  Out of 5 teams looking at the screen, the time that Woong looked at the screen was the  only  time that Riot determined that the team that had looked at the screen had not only gained important information from it, but it was the only time that a team used said information to gain an advantage over the opposing team.  That's basically all I know about him at this point.   Next thing I hear is that he's a part of Quantic.  Basically Quantic thinks they're hot shit from Korea so no way they can lose in the NA LCS.  They come over and don't do their research and end up getting hit by DDoS attacks.  They fail to secure a different location to play from and end up not making it and disintegrate.  I'm not sure if my memory is faulty here but I also seem to remember them being pretty arrogant about the whole ordeal.   Edit: /u/Dooraven says I'm wrong, says the following:   >[Memory faulty here, Woong was announced as part of the original roster but was he didn't really end up playing with them (he played like a couple of games). Quantics roster that played in NA was Apple Gunza Suno Locodoco and Prime.](   End edit   So, that's all I know of Woong.  Almost everything I have ever heard about him has painted him as a huge asshole, and not only an asshole, but a cheating asshole.  I guess he wrote some apology letters but while I remember seeing them and maybe even reading them I don't really remember them swaying my opinion of him at all.
1	Plat 3, yes. 9/10 times if you or anyone on your team DC's, the enemy team kills the DC. It's a rare sight, people not killing DC's.
1	This would make League into a place full of love <3   I believe this would make the overall ranked experience way better, for everyone. Why do i think so, ok let me elaborate.   There is a LOT of different people that plays this game. And there is a lot of different reasons to why we play ranked. But I am going to describe the type of person that i feel makes the ranked experience really unpleasant at times.   Mr.elo: He wants to climb, he wants to win. He puts a lot of effort into his games, he takes them very seriously. He get´s really frustrated when people make mistakes, sometimes he gets so frustrated that he takes his frustration out on his teammates.   I am getting to my point now soon, bare with be :D This is taken from the Tribunal. "When a summoner's case receives a certain number of "punish" votes (a number not divulged by Riot), they receive a punishment intending to deter this behavior from happening again. Possible punishments include a warning, suspension, name change, or in severe cases, permanent banning.   Yes people get punished, the ones with the worst behavior does. But a lot of us don’t. We say stupid shit without even thinking about it. I believe if this system was implemented, it would encourage us to be nicer, yes. But most importantly it would encourage us to NOT say mean shit.   I would like to go more in depth in this post, but it would get way to long and there is a lot of people that would not read it, therefore i tried to keep it as short as possible while trying to explain my thoughts on this matter. I really hope riot will look into this!   Sorry for the long post and any grammar fails :) I really hope riot will look into this!
1	I might be wrong, but I don't think it's such a huge issue. Equal 'rights' are cool and all, but Riot doesn't have to work on a pretty non-existent problem. Judging by the comments, there are not many colorblind people around here who find this issue annoying (me being one of them).
1	What I think everybody is saying is, he didn't say "I thought you were a faggot", as in the past-tense, and instead said "I think you are a faggot." meaning today and in the here and now he thinks of him still as such.   I don't give a crap one way or another since NintendudeX is like 17 or some shit, and a teenager is going to make a lot of stupid decisions and say a lot of stupid. But you should realize that he is digging a hole deeper by responding.   Best course of action honestly right now is just to shut up and wait a week, and then respond after everybody is done blowing this out of proportion and he can think put a thought out response.
0	While a possible scenario... I feel this lacks context for some. I can definitely see how some kids may have thought of my mom as 'awesome'. But she was in actuality a pushover with an abusive husband(who I hated).   So yeah, I treated her like shit cause she couldn't even stand up to a 12 year old, let alone her husband. I had a shite family, some people had great ones. The others who had mediocre and above could never really comprehend how shite mine was. Some kids would always snicker like I was a 'badass rebel', when I would [honestly] say I hated my dad.
1	Right now, we can assume that most people over the age of 12 are not stupid enough to seriously say "YOLO," and that they are actually making fun of the people who would say it.   Everyone who wants to say "carpe diem" is a pretentious fuck that thinks something's cool just because it's in Latin, or one of those 12 year olds trying to feel superior to their peers by being intellectuals who use Latin because it's cool.
0	This one time, we had a substitute in band class. Now, generally, the subs don't care if we take out our devices, because we can't play, and there's literally nothing to do.  So, I asked to go to the bathroom. I don't know what happened, but apparently, this kid got yelled at for taking his phone out, but I was in the bathroom, and he never said no phones were aloud. So I'm playing on my phone, then out of nowhere the sub screams,"HA ANOTHER ONE!" And I'm just sitting there like What the fuck? It was a long conversation, but I'll sum it up for you. He called me stupid, he called me a liar because I can't remember the subs name that let us use the phone, and privileged because I was the only one who could use my phone in class. He took my phone away from me. He got reported but I had him as a sub again. He didn't remember me, but I sure remember him.
0	They probably worked out a deal with the manufacturer of the tire for a pro-rated buy-back to cover a huge portion of the cost.... depending on how many miles were on the tire and how long the pro-rated warranty was for.   My dad only paid $100 or so for a full new set of tires from Discount tire because they only lasted 20k miles but were warranted for 60k, and he chose a slightly cheaper new tire.
1	I think the biggest reason to cancel a channel without wanting to move is that you are in a good position, but you need the damage now rather than more in a short time.   Let's say you're in the bushes channeling your ult, and ADC Mark walks into the range. He's going to get slowed, and (assuming he's smart) instantly turn around. You want to break it now, so you hit R. Let's also say you use quickcast, like most do, afaik. You want your mouse hovering over Mark so you can snowball him. If you can hit r, you don't have to move first and can q instantly. If you can't hit r to cancel, you must move and then hover over him to cast your snowball.
1	Leave base at the beginning with a mana crystal, when you first back aim to buy a tear and maybe a catalyst if you can afford it. you want to get your rod and tear asap to start stacking. Get sorc boots along the way. Then you have the choice of building frozen heart or spirit visage depending on teamcomp and who's feed. Finally get a void staff for the much need % penetration. Don't buy gauntlet lke some people say, you don't have time to aa to take advantage of the sheen, frozen heart also gives a lot more defensive stats. Abyssal is also a reasonable substitute for visage.
1	There is no counterbuild, there is no adaptation, there is NO DEPTH in the items department.   Really? There are absolutely items that counter other items (BotRK vs Warmogs, Last Whisper vs Thornmail). The correct item build also varies greatly depending on the enemy team comp. ADC is the only role that really has "cookie cutter" builds, but that's because you're trying to maximize DPS with no regard for defense. Of course your build path is going to be stale if your only goal is to do as much damage as possible.   >
1	Really? Any other top laner? So just about anyone can play from behind better than Dyrus? Can play as safe with no help from their team and not give up objectives/advantages/get snowballed on? Can come back and still be relevant in a game where they've been starved for CS until the 15 minute mark?   Okay.jpg
0	BULLSHIT BULLSHIT BULLSHIT I had a 4.2 GPA in highschool and got multiple apology letters from schools and scholarship providers saying that I would have gotten it if I were a minority. You're full of bullshit.  Colleges have ethnic percentages that they are federally mandated to meet or they will get no federal funding.  So as long as a minority individual does adequately in school, they will bump a great white student out of scholarship eligibility.
1	ahah yeah we arent looking for like an Xpecial type of player, we are looking for typically people around our ranks, bronze and silver who know their stuff but are just stuck in a lower league. lol but to finish so this isn't
0	Someone acting a certain way within 30 yards of you is only "shoving it in your face" because of your perception, and your obsession over how they act. Someone who is feminine or otherwise acting in a way you don't like who's talking to you is simply talking to you. You see it as "shoving it in your face"  because all you can see is their homosexuality, as if that's the sum of their character. However you and those like you don't like to think of yourselves as anything but infallible, so you of course blame  them  for defining themselves by their homosexuality, which builds a vicious cycle of you obsessing over their orientation and personality traits. Don't do onto others what you wouldn't want done onto you. Could you imagine if you were too straight acting for it to be socially acceptable to be in public? Do you think it would be just for you to have to put on the persona of a gay man to appease the nerves of the gay majority? That sounds pretty shitty doesn't it.
1	At 180 normal wins, your mechanical skills, game knowledge, reaction times, and even maybe map awareness are not full developed. 70% of ranked games sub 1100 ELO either end in surrender votes at 20 minutes or are thrown late-game because people either:   a) get stomped in lane and have no idea how to recover   b) can't make plays   or   c) don't know how to expand on their advantage when they're put ahead   Also, you don't do it because your definition of "fun" may be another's definition of "pain."   Say I just got Level 30. I've heard about ranked games from a forum, maybe, or a more experienced friend. So, I queue up for a ranked game. I have never watched any streams, read a few guides, though I don't know how any of the items benefit me, I can't build masteries or items situationally, I've never worried about last hitting and I never buy wards. I get into the ranked game and see that champions can be banned and that I have to wait for my turn to pick my champion. Considering that I've only played in low ELO normals, I pick Yi, even though I'm last pick and the team needs a support. I see a Soraka with Clairvoyance and Heal and call her a noob because I never use those spells. I get into the game, buy a Doran's blade and immediately go top even though Riven already called it because I have no idea what the meta is. Ultimately, my goal in the game is to Alpha Strike onto enemies and then kill them, that, and autoattacking minions. I feed 7 kills to the top lane Tryndamere after 15 minutes and then decide to quit because I'm not having "fun" anymore.   There's a very thin line between your fun and my pain. Some people can have fun losing, some people can have fun winning. The latter are the ones who will do anything to win. The former will be the ones who lose you games because they don't care.
0	We had this happen (it was big thing) in Tennessee where cops were turning in tickets to some clerical staff who weren't entering them. When they (I think two people) were fired, they had thousands of tickets in their desks (or other cabinets) which had never been entered. Mine was amongst them;   State law (TN) has some stipulations where violations could only be valid for 90 days and most of the tickets were past that by the time this all came to light (mine has been something like 6 months). In an attempt to collect on hundreds of thousands of dollars in lost revenue, the state (or county?) re-issued the tickets (trying to circumvent the 90 day thing). When I went in that day, myself along with 2 other guys in the same position contested our tickets and the judge dismissed the tickets.
1	Depending on the item being purchased and how many GP/10 items you have, you might even wait for up to 100 gold.   *edit: here's my reasoning.   If you're a support (gets all their gold from GP10 anyway) and you have enough GP10 to get you an item quicker if you wait than if you stay in lane, as long as your carry doesn't really need you around, your carry will get more experience while you're away. So as the support, you're giving your carry experience while you attempt to get another item sooner.   (
1	as if tryndamere isnt a broken champion right now?he's easily god tier for top lane and jungle   ^ i'm guessing that in response to my shyvana freelo quote   Implying trynd hasn't always been god tier (for solo q)?  Trynd is my main and know he is god tier, I have no shame in that.  However, FF is much more beneficial to shyvana IMO and she is more OP than trynda right now, at least in the jungle.  FF/botrk or wits scale so well with her kit and free tank stats.  She never dies, does massive AoE damage, and has great movespeed and counter-jungling abilities.   Also, don't sleep on trynd mid, outsustains every single mage, outfarms them, and outpushes them.  Only champs that are remotely challenging are lulu and LB.
0	well, I will if you really want me to, but I have no beef with you. I do believe in God, but I am married to an atheist (we've been together 10 years), I really don't agree with recreational drug use (or people who get crazy drunk for the hell of it on a frequent basis, as everyone is entitled to a few, my life sucks ass and I want to forget moments). And while I love animals and have 2 kitties I don't expect other people to love them as I do. I also can't stand Obama. So we can break into fistie cuffs, but I would rather just get along, lol.
0	A year or two back when I would walk home from my girlfriend's house I would always see this one guy every time, by the food places. Every time I walked by he said "Hey could you spare some money so I can get my son a Happy Meal?" He wasn't homeless, but still. The first time I gave him a few bucks and he had the nerve to look in my wallet while I'm getting the bills and say "Can I have that $10?". I told him no, and he said I can go fuck myself. For some reason I gave him money even though all the food places(McD's and etc) were only drive-thru that late.   From then on I ignored him every time I saw him. He would still ask me for money for his "son". He never had a child with him, was walking out around 9:30 PM in brand new clothes from what looked like Old Navy (still had the tags on them) asking for money for his son.   At one point I was walking with my girlfriend on the other side of town and see him there. Somehow he doesn't seem to remember me, and again, asks me for money. I ask him where is son is, and he tells me "none of your business".   After seeing him one more time outside a 7-11, I told him to fuck off, and I haven't seen him since. Never saw his "son" or anything.
1	Players who spam normals (i hate to say this, but it's true) just aren't tryhards. I'll admit I don't try my best in normals, I try new stuff. But the other day i queued up for a normal as vayne. The opposing jinx just let me freefarm, no harass or all ins until level 6 and then they telegraphed it quite obviously. It was so passive that it made me want to go back to ranked. My team took its time and didn't really do much at all. they grouped when they wanted to, not when we had to, dragon wasn't taken until level 13...etc, etc.
1	Slightly different scenario: last night I was top Mundo vs an Akali. She wasn't awful, but she wasn't very good either, and their jungler was shit while mine was pretty awesome for our level. We were very very obviously winning, and I could tell they were having a bad game. Late game Akali comes into all chat and asks if she can just kill me once. I tell her to come to Baron, then proceed to run in circles around here for a good 45 seconds while she killed me. Felt good to know it made her happy.
1	it isn't racist.   however, its a tad bit hateful. i think its more of a matter where the OPs pride of europe lends itself to ignorance as well. there is nothing wrong with being proud of such a region where strong players have always been in abundance.   Yet FNC as an esports organization is one of the best and their eye for scouting skilled players to play within its ranks is one of the best there is.   So considering FNCs history as such, especially the League side of the org, if i were the OP, i'd just shut up and wait before saying anything. He is completely right in saying Europe has very strong players, however, if FNC decided to go for the two koreans over every other player that was tried out, chances are it happened because of something other than the fact "lol-they-are-korean-must-be-good" circlejerk that usually permeates this subreddit. In fact, you should be giving FNC the benefit of the doubt here due to the previous results we've seen with some teams that had korean players in their ranks e.g. the bad (CLG with Seraph, most recently Ryu with MIL) and the good (SHRC with Zer0 and inSec); they know the pros and cons of bringing foreigners into their lineup.   also, to any other people out there that say they are no longer a fan because of the roster changes... just putting it out there, you were never a fan of the team to begin with if the inclusion of two koreans upset you. you were a fan of the players, which is completely fine and normal. Don't get two mixed up though because it makes you look silly, unreasonably bitter and a bit of a bigot to boot.
0	My dad blames my fiancé for me leaving home but he never thought that him physically mentally emotionally abusing me wasn't the case or when my brother kicked my door down and tried to kill me and eh I tried to defend my self it was "it's okay if he hurts you" and my brother tried to call the police on me. I begged my gf before she became my fiancé to get me out of there. Her family took me in and treated me like a son and still do. They've shown me so much compassion that it still throws me off. My family never said I love you to each other so when they tell me they love me I'm just confused. Besides my fiancé its really hard to say I love you even though I do it like makes me cringe or something I can't explain. Anyway
1	Isn't this the champion that Saint's been going on about since like 6 months ago saying the next big legendary (or, clearly Ultimate) was going to be for one of his favourite champs? So you can basically rule out anything non-jungler, also things that weren't released when he was talking about it. Iirc it was when the legendary Nocturne skin was previewed.   *
0	Semi-related story time! I applied to Office Depot a couple weeks ago. They called me shortly after to come in and take an assessment test. Got a call the next day asking to set up an interview. Scheduled the date, go to the store the day of the interview and after waiting for 30 minutes they tell me the hiring manager isn't at the store. Reschedule the interview for the next day the same time. An hour before the interview they send me a generic email saying the spot was filled and they didn't get a chance to look at my resume.
1	Im really neutral about this idea.   Ways I see it working. At the end of the game instead of having the leave game, or whatever button that appears once the nexus explodes, Five buttons would appear. Each of these buttons will represent an individual player from the winning team (also on the button you will be able to see final game stats KDA, CS, and if they want to get super fancy they can even put turret/baron/dragon kills.) Selecting the player that you feel deserves MVP will exit players to the client exactly like the leave game button does now.   Say you arent allowed to vote for yourself, thats still fine because there are still 9 other votes that could go in your favor.   I agree that a little added incentive to not flame in chat could do very good things for the community.   Another tricky situation would be combatting premade mvp boosting. I feel that the only way such a system could work is if it was only implemented in ranked games, where you could only potentially lock in one vote from your duo queue partner, but 8 other votes would pretty much ensure that the best player gets the majority anyways.
1	You still should leave the ban at only the person's account.  Banning all content was uncalled for no matter the reason for it.  If they don't want to read his articles then they don't need to read it, his content is on a, mostly, credible website in The Daily Dot.  His articles aren't ever anything terrible and for many people seeing it on this sub is the best way for them to find RL's articles.  He typically gets news headlines days or even weeks ahead of other e-sports reporters and the information he provides are valuable to followers of League.   His content is League related, more so that a lot of things that hit the front page, but just because of his cruel remarks we no longer have the same access to his information.
1	If they gave you a badge once you crossed x ELO it would be the same. You would know you are "diamond" once your top Elo goes over the required for Diamond. No promo games, no BS, just hit x Elo get a tier badge.   The main problem with the league system is that it has no impact on matchmaking - it won't prefer to match you with people in your division, it won't prefer to match you with other people playing their promo games, it won't even use your rank in any way since it's not an accurate representation of your current MMR because you can't fall in to lower tier.   What's the actual benefit of divisions and league system when it changes nothing for matchmaking ?
1	Yeah, its also the fact that i would consider her a pretty low fun champ to play, rather just a champ to win.   I don´t wanna blame people for tryharding, but picking sona every game shes open kind of makes feel that way. Also it feels like it forces any team to pick her if shes open cause if not, may end up enemy team having one and yours none.
1	So I've looked through the comments and I don't see this comment yet: so what?   So what if people flame him?  So what is people point out his mistakes?  If people want eSports to be considered a  true  sport, then why do we expect our "athletes" to be immune from critisim?  You think [Quarterback] isn't getting shit on on twitter for fucking up this weekend?  You think ESPN isn't going to show his interception 150,000 times this week on Sportscenter and all those shows?   Critisim, critique, and flaming are part and parcel when it comes to being popular.  When you become, literlaly, one of the best in the world at what you do, you put yourself in the position to be loved, and also to be hated.  The only thing he can do is ignore it.  Turn on subscriber mode, get more mods, etc.
0	I didn't get into college because I couldn't focus outside of a private school setting (my parents didn't believe I needed ADD meds)   The private school was "a christian school" that my parents put me in. Because of my attention problems and inability to focus, they stuck me in a white room labeled "nursery" for 8 hours a day (only allowed out of the room for bathroom breaks, no recess). I left with straight a's because there's was nothing better to do than the school work in that room.   Once out of the private school (they closed it down). I did well in my Sophomore year because of the change and that new glow that Public school had. I still didn't focus but didn't fail because I did ok on the tests. Junior year and senior year my life dwindled into nothing because I couldn't focus on anything more than a couple of minutes and my folks weren't about to "drug"me. Their friend said I was just lazy.   I did well on tests so I passed high Shcool. My transcripts show my decline from a 3.67 GPA to a 1.8 GPA.   After the navy (couldn't go to college due to money and not having good enough grades) I moved away from my parents and got medicated. It was like someone just unleashed my brain. It took the bars off, I feel great; I can stay on task, and my intelligence level IS SO MUCH higher than I ever thought. All thanks to a light green pill i take twice a day.   If I could change the past. I would find me and give myself the meds my parents refused.
1	Yeah, this is another reason I wouldn't edit that file. Shit gets weird. I think what happened is that by changing it, you made the client check with the NA servers to update and got a few of the files from there.   Try a reinstall, make sure to install to a different directory. What you want to do instead is go to the Chinese league folder, then go to /Game/DATA/Menu/ and find fontconfig_en_US.txt and fontconfig_zh_CN.txt   Backup your zh_CN.txt file and rename the en_US.txt file to the Chinese copy. So in the end you end up with a backed up Chinese file, and your US file renamed to fontconfig_zh_CN.txt.   This will get all of your in game stuff in English, without messing up the game. It will likely break the font, but if you don't care then whatever. There are a few more steps to fix the font, if you'd like.   Edit : An update for anyone who wants to fix the font when you do this... Go to the original Chinese fontconfig file, and copy all of the font information. IIRC it should be lines 2-5 of the file. Just open it up, copy those lines. It is the lines referring to the fonts to use, just before the game text starts.   Once you do that, go to your new renamed fontconfig file, the one with English text that is renamed to zh_CN... replace those same lines in that file with the stuff you just copied. This will keep the Chinese fonts, but replace the Chinese text in game with the English text. So you get all English text, but can still type/read the Chinese if you want.   So a
0	about something that affects us personally" is probably required to summarize up your other core point.   Personally, I think we should start putting abstracts in front of our WoTs instead of trailing
0	never had a problem with my family reading my journal.  BUT. i continued writing when i moved into my first apartment with my "best friends"  It was more of a dream journal  than a venting journal. i would keep my dreams or just stories i had thought up to make my life more interesting. the moment my boyfriend and i went on vacation my friend turned our room inside out. he took my journal and took pictures and sent them out. of course i had things written about my friends. it was a dream journal. it was made for the bizarre and unusual things that come alive in my head. involving my friends is only natural.  i come back from vacation and all of my friends are messaging me and calling. some confused and hurt and others really mad. my boyfriend had already read the book (we keep no secrets) and laughed it off but i felt like my brain had been ripped apart and shown to the world. it really hurt. people can be so fucking lame.
1	the passive for the heart-harrowing hatchet is actually better than current reaver and your propsed reaver passive is even more insane   Additionally you propsed an item with 3800 gold cost but doesnt give 80 ad which actually makes it less appealing than current reaver (keeping in mind that the passive would have to be nerfed because it is just way too high)   The reasoning for the passive being broken is imagine someone like jayce who can do a ton of physical dmg very quickly could basically replenish his entire mana pool in 1 combo, for example using "to the skies" "shock blast" and "acceleration gate" would cost a total of 185 mana but with just base dmgs at lvl 13 (both Q and E maxed) reaver would refund 59.2 mana, but that is with no dmg items at all. With dmg items (lets just say 100 ad for ease of calculation) you are getting 86 mana back. So with almost no items you are getting almost half of your mana back (and this excludes how easy it would be to auto attack to get mana back, especially with W in range mode).   An even better example is someone like ezreal, if he has triforce and some ad items according to your verbiage the triforce sheen proc would contribute to his mana refund which would allow him to cast his low cost Q for free (40 cost, dealing 115 base + 200% ezreals base ad + 100% ad. Assuming no other physical dmg added like bork or other on hits)   Mana as a stat is useless when the passive on your item gives so much mana regen potential, if you want this item to be good you need to drop the final price, ditch the mana and make that passive reasonable but not broken   One last thing you probably didn't consider is muramana. Lets just say you have 2000 mana, at full mana you would consume 60 mana to do 120 dmg (which at 10% refund would give you 12 mana back + whatever your auto attack dmg or skill dmg was) which means you would get 20% of the cost of muramana refunded and since its a flat 10% it would be very easy to stay at max mana with auto attacks, so you could leave muramana on all game with no need to worry about it.
1	why do all the westerners think that sister teams will throw a game for the other team. Kespa goes through all the player comms to see if there's a match fixing. KESPA even released to the public the comm between SKT T1 S and K in OGN Spring. And there's no reason for a big organization such as SKT, Samsung, Najin, KT to jeopardize their public image and their status in Korean E-Sports.
1	It was hard to diagnose at the time, but TWZ was easily a much stronger team than TBD (DTG) at the time of qualification. DTG's wins were on average faster and more explosive, as they relied on a one-dimensional snowball strategy, very similar to old Coast. In theory, it can win any game against any team, but with a much lower consistency than a well-diversified team like TWZ. I still believe Coast feared TBD more just because of their snowbally state and it's uncanny similarity to their own playstyle, so they took their shot against TWZ and almost lost as a result.
1	Because Riot gives off the impression of having lots and lots of talented design oriented employees but not nearly enough talent working on the engine and client.   Riot pushes out new champions and skins at an astounding rate, but new features and UI improvements (have they even fixed champion portraits not updating health in game yet?) take AGES, and the usual response is "we're very excited about these new features we're working on, stay tuned...".   I don't exactly buy the argument that skins and champions are Riot's sole source of income therefore that's where they're spending all of their time on.  They know that DotA2 is going to come out eventually, and that it's probably going to be extremely polished because it's Valve.  In addition "notable" players like Hotshot talk about the need for better features quite often, and they have a pretty big audience.  The potential loss from players moving to DotA2 and new players hearing about all of the problems from streamers is probably more than the revenue they're making by releasing skins and champions in the short term.   So either I'm completely wrong from a business viewpoint (entirely possible) or Riot knows what's up.  And if Riot knows then they're planning something big or understaffed for what they need to be doing.  Given their track record on promised features I'll go with the second possibility.   Sorry, that was more off-topic and rant-y than I had anticipated, but Riot needs to get their shit together.
0	Being 25, video rental places were all over the place when I was younger.  I loved riding bikes with my buddies to rent whatever old ass action or b-horror movies or obscure n64 we could find.  We spent a  lot  of our time hanging out at this place, just browsing and bullshitting.   Then the unimaginable happened.  The rental place we lived by was shut down.  Now we needed a ride to get to the closest place. Then, after a couple years' time, that place was also shut down.   And on and on...   By the time I could drive, there was still one place in town.  It was there until the day I moved away, almost three years ago, now.  I couldn't tell you if it's still open or not.   You just can't have that, for complete lack of a better term, 'Blockbuster' feeling anymore.
0	I frankly don't believe that is true at all. I am aware that those people exist, but I do not think that kind of logic "dominates the subreddit." Most atheists are aware that the existence of God is ultimately unknowable, but still have the belief that he does not exist. These are agnostic atheists. Yes there are so-called gnostic atheists, but I disagree entirely about how prevalent they are. And keep in mind, there are also gnostic theists who claim with absolute certainty that they know their God is real, just as there are agnostic theists who believe but acknowledge that they could be wrong.
1	Hmm, I don't think having a jungler is THAAT obsolete >,>. I mean, their is a threat with 'having a jungler' that affects EVERY lane.   I can't even see how caitlyn loses after pushing to your tower without a jungler. I mean, unless she makes a silly mistake. Caitlyn needs to back because being oom is risky when the jungler is MIA. But if everyone is on the map, being oom means nothing, she'll just shoot you every time you come for cs, and if you try to all in her, you're murdered by 500 creeps.
1	I think  Lux  is the most underrated champion.  People seem to not realize all the things she does for her team.  In addition to being an AOE AP nuker, she provides a lot of AOE CC, with low cooldowns, an AOE shield that applies itself initially passing over teammates and reapplies itself on the way back to Lux.  She can use her AOE root and AOE slow for both engaging and disengaging enemies, she has a built in Lich Bane.  To top it all off she has a low CD semi-global ult(40-something seconds) that does almost 1k damage in the late game.
1	Shaco stabbed a reporter.   He skins his enemies   His poison is a poison that attacks the nerve system. He also makes people hallucinate, can dissapear from the world (he can travel through dimensions), he has boxes that shoot out energy, and he supposedly has MORE killing devices. He is uncatchable in the lore, and kills for fun. People are not even sure if he's a mercenary because he kills for fun.   You might think he's useless because of his build and weapons, but in reality, you can never think highly of Shaco, because the moment you would, the moment you are defeated, your throat is already slit and your eyeballs already out of their holes.
0	This problem, I have it. Whenever I need something, I will either get a: speech about how we she/we are under money this week, Speech about how I should ask my dad for money (who ironically is poorer than us, but still withdraws from me the fact that he is poor and still provides), or told to pay for it. I used to have 200$ in my bank I was proud of. It's 20$ now. I don't exactly know how I am going to have a life for Junior year.   Anyway, I live with my mom who is a librarian and is deeply religious. My dad is a janitor at a school/church (who is super-mexican, where my 50% comes from). I'm not greatly religious and can understand common sense, so I think if your rich, teach your child about the fact that a dollar is fucking hard to earn nowadays and how much it is worth. And, if you are poor, teach them the same, but don't fucking tell them each time they need or want something that they are 300$ behind cash today and still will ask you to pay for their gas if you want to get to school. I feel terrible.
1	There are 2 resources you fight for in lane. CS and HP. If you win HP, you win in CS automatically. This is especially true in bot lane. If your enemy AD is constantly low in HP, he'll be afraid to CS or challenge your harass. This is why kill lanes (and even top/mid solo lanes) can be so strong and snowball hard - if they kill you, you miss XP/Gold and fall behind.   It's not always about having the perfect CS or having a lot of kills, it's about having more than your opponent. CS is gold AND experience. Even if you feel like killing that 0/4 opponent isn't worth it, if you can zone him out of experience, push him out of lane, etc, then it's every bit worth it to stay ahead and not let him catch up. You don't even need to kill him though it would be icing on the cake.   Since you're asking about top lane, if you win your lane that hard making your opponent go 0/4, depending on how the game is going you can push turrets all day and force enemies away from the dragon side of the map, you can keep your opponent at turret and roam mid to gank, or coordinate with your jungler to invade and screw over the enemy jungler.
1	I think barrier is gonna play a huge roll in the future of ADC. With the buffs to Tenacity, you're going to have a bruiser on you at some point. Kiting is going to be really important, but I feel that Barrier will help you survive the initial dive to be able to kite.   I think BotRK will probably replace BT in the core to help keep sustain up especially with the Nuke/Slow/Heal active.   With Barrier, Item Actives, and AS/MS nerfs, they have raised the skill cap for an ADC to be able to battle it out.   Not sure what supports will run but item, gold, and mastery changes mean they will have a much bigger impact on the game. Particularly since the ADC is going to need the backup.   My guess is bruisers will dominate until the skill average raises. Maybe even being a different game in low elo. Triple Bruisers? Nid/Jayce instead of ADC? Beats me but seems exciting. Sorry for the rant.
1	I remember when my friend hit a baby deer with her car and she just wanted to leave it on the road to die. I made her stop the car, I got out and approached the animal. Legs askew not a single one was left in place, its rib cage crushed like paper. It looked up and me and mewled a cry of distress. Shh little deer no more tears. Then I snapped it's neck.
0	Theyre doing it to make themselves feel better because they sit back home, putting up yellow ribbons, spouting psudo patriotic jingoisms, knowing full well the wars for cheap gas for their jacked up trucks getting 8mpg wont cost them the lives of any of THEIR loved ones.
1	Blakinola has said he's going to do a series of
1	Comparing Lee to TF or Orianna is like comparing apples and tennis shoes.  Sure we can find similarities, but for all intents and purposes they are completely different.  Whether lee has the "strongest kit" in the game is very arguable.  I main the crap out of lee and usually can carry top lane games with him against d1 opponents.  Am i able to do this because hes blatently overpowered?  Or because I've played him a hundred times and know his limitations to the tee.  He is actually even stronger in low ELO than he is in high ELO, but once against he relies completely on skill, map awareness, timing, all the good stuff in a champion that makes them interesting and fun.  So
0	I hate that " her vag will be like throwing a hot dog down a hall way bla blabla" crap I have three kids, and almost half way done with my fourth with my husband and my yoo hoo is still as magically tight as ever, which is probably why we have so many kids. In some cases post birth lady bodies will enjoy sex even more then they did before.
1	He is entitled to post his opinion. And you are entitled to downvote him if you think it is irrelevant. I, on the other hand, am also entitled to upvote if I please.
1	here:   scroll to the max right and you'll see 2 columns: time, and max creep score.
1	It's not too late the mode can still be salvaged..Though when we take into account all the other things their Dev team have to do or more precisely what we want them to do. Dominion is probably very low on that agenda.   Dominion also has that x-factor what if having a ranked queue did make it popular?..Riot would then be faced with a balancing shit storm from years of neglect that no designer there probably wants to tackle at this present time.   I think once Summoners Rift finds a stable balance where their live design team aren't having to change stuff every moment and once they finish up with their visual upgrade of summoners rift..   It wouldn't surprise me if sometime next year the Rioters sit down and have a serious discussion about what they want to do with Dominion for the forseeable future if they haven't done so already...   It's out there so regardless of whether Riot like it or not it has it's fans. They need to weigh up the pros and cons. Is it going to get in the way of their core game or can they find room to adequately accommodate it?.
1	Part of riots problem with it is that its much harder to get angry with someone who you see as a real person (because you are talking to them), so people in voice chat who are toxic focus on the rest of the people is the game.  So rather than one dick you can get 3-4 people turned against one person by the toxic player.  I have been in chats with several toxic players and none of them have said anything bad to me while saying awful things about others.
1	This stuff happens far often then it should. Personally I only get pissed when it happens to someone else. It doesn't really bother me when someone flames me but when someone else is getting unloaded on... That's when it really gets to me.   Here are a couple of things I try to do when these situations arise. If my team is winning and its someone on my team doing the poo talking I do my best to get them to shut up in team chat. Not in ALL but in team only. Usually someone within our team will also step up and by remaining calm we can get that person to stop. There are times however when this backfires and they get worse. When this happens I say in ALL to the people getting poo talked to just mute the offender or to stop responding. Most of these people are doing it just to get a response and when they no longer get a response they stop.   When my team is loosing and its happening to someone on my team not me, and its getting to them, I tell them to just mute that person.   If it happens to me, awesome, its not affecting my teammates. I make sure my team doesn't respond and I just ignore the taunts. Usually after 2-3 taunts they stop because they are getting no response.
1	I doubt there will be any specific pax based skins. I am guessing they will do what they did last year, give out a Riot skin and one other.
1	I'm not saying you're wrong. But I have a feeling, that it's all about assassins and "there is no tanks in s4" gameplay (if you're not lifestealing/regenerating you will die in seconds even with fulltank items). There IS counter to engage. Lulu, Janna, Nami - all of tham actually can counter it. But why would you do that? There are 2 scenarios. Either you survived and probably got nothing out of it or you failed and died. And when you will play "engager", if you will counter-engage you actually have a possibility to kill enemy.   In past it wasn't alsways the case, because you could take passive "guardian support" (like Janna) and protect your fed AD carry late game. But nowadays you're not able to protect him! Bursters have so much damage, that your little shield and knockback arent enough! And what if jungler will got to botlane? It's probably Vi/Pantheon/Wukong, you need only 1 good, reliable CC (Annie, leona, thresh) and you have almost guaranteed kill with him!
1	I don't mind the toxicity, I can just mute everyone if that's required. Ofcourse it makes it less fun, but I can cope with that. But the other things...   It's more of the game just moving forward too slow. The only thing changing is the meta, some new champs maybe, but mainly new skins. There has been some cool game modes like one-for-all which was really fun and silly, but then Riot decided that it's not popular enough to be kept on constantly. Why are they deciding what's "popular enough" when the players could decide that themselves if it's worth the longer queue times or not.   New game modes aren't even about anything super silly like capture-the-flag or hunting-teemo or something along these lines, something completely different. It's just SR with the possibility to play with a team with all having the same champ, SR with 6 players. Or HA with one player, HA with two players. Do they need a new game engine to actually make up something original, is the system really that broken?   I started playing ranked S4-preseason and was super excited for S4 to start so that I can begin my ladder struggle. Well the last three months have shown me that it's almost impossible for me to play ranked because when I have time to play the servers are down or are so unstable that it's no fun. Taking the hour for a ranked game just to find out that it's 4v5 just isn't fun. It feels unfair. I've spent the money and I've dedicated the time and now I don't even get to start mastering the competitive side of the game.   If all Riot get's done is visual updates and champion balancing then there must be a problem somewhere. Everyone else in the field is moving a lot faster and this might end up costing Riot as players slowly shift on to other games.
1	I think item build is another incredible factor, too many times I'll see a carry get shit on by a Trynd or Annie  and then proceed to complain 'OMG SO OP' Well gee I wonder why? Flat AD items and attack speed wont you get you so far. They think dishing out the  most damage possible will win them  fights.
1	Quinn top!  A lot of people dislike her because she isn't a tank, and the new meta favors tanks top lane. But I manage pretty well, while I don't have a 100% win rate with her, I tend to do pretty well!   The reason I like her is her mechanics primarily (as with most champs) I think they are fun, interesting, unique, and pretty damn strong if played correctly.     Like for example her most basic combo is to auto someone who is marked (you passive trys to prioritize nearby champs or low health minions for last hitting) vaulting off of them and then hitting them again as it marks them a second time. Level 1 engages are extremely easy to trade as you deal massive damage already since it's your passive doing all the work, and your vault will launch you away so most champs you face top lane won't be able to catch you as it slows them as well. This doesn't work with every champion, such as Teemo, some Olaf's, Pantheon... But most matchups you will be in will be in your favor.   She is also great at kiting, as grabbing her W makes it so when you hit someone who is marked, they take bonus damage (if you vaulted its a minor knock back for the cancels and a decent slow) and you gain move speed and attack speed. So facing melee w/o hard engage is a dream as that is most of the people that I personally have faced in my 15+ games in the past few days   So that's her solo lane potential, she has great trading and kiting potential. Given she is in a decent matchup. But she also is an amazing roamer and ganker with Valor and her ult. I regularly gank mid lane after I hit 6, to either save, or further dominate mid lane. And if bot is having troubles, i can either roam over there, or i always got TP. This mechanic alone also could make her a decent mid laner, as she has equal opportunity to be in EVERY lane at once, and easier drag access.   And finally her mid to late game. She is pretty decent in team fights, as her ult lets her run to the back lines and focus the enemy squishies (given the opportunity, meaning their tanks and hard CC is occupied or non-existant) with her ult she has amazing burst as she can dive them Q then get em low to skystrike, as it deals more damage the lower health that they have. (I believe the ratio is 1% more damage per % missing for a maximum of double damage at 100%) Her passive and vault combo later in the game can easily 2-shot squishies so she should ALWAYS prioritize them (as most champions should). And with last whisper she has some tank shred potential simply because she has such high damage from her passive.     P.S.  I forgot to mention her W. It basically gives you a few seconds of vision in a decently large area, also giving vision inside brush. So you should never have to facecheck again. Although it is on a really long CD (40+ seconds) but ranking it up still has a benefit as it gives you attack speed bonuses with your marks and with Valor.
0	We don't get 'free land'. It is taxed by the US. Gov. However, there is such a thing as 'Tribal Land'. This is land owed by our tribes, which are sovereign nations. The way tribes tend to handle their lands is they lease the land to farmers. The profits then go to the tribe and are distributed to the tribal members who owned the land.
1	This isn't intended. If you duo with someone lower than you, u should get enemys with lower MMR, which means you should get less LP.   People are getting weird LP right now, like 3 LP per win 20 Lp- per loss.   But Riot is investigating.
1	I think people give Frost too much credit. Even though Frost is good and has good players(Madlife plz) there's too much competition. KT Bullets just beat Blaze(Who beat Frost 3-0 last season), SK Telecom has its own god with Faker, and then there's of course Ozone. After all the CJ teams still have that notoriously horrible record in semi-finals/3rd place matches/finals in OGN (0-12, not including matches played vs each other during winter 2012).
1	I don't think it's a nationalism, racist thing (although you're right it can be), like I said it's more on the relatable aspect. People love LMQ, even though they're a Chinese team. People like that they are trying to learn English and trying to get to know the audience. They've been streaming and viewers like their personality a lot.  There's also a lot of love for European teams too. They are just a lot more accessible than the Korean teams (majority at least). It's the same way everybody used to love MC (iunno what the scenes like anymore). He pandered to the audience and people loved it. Although Faker is phenomenal and everybody calls him a God, he's still the generic "polite veiled cocky" (up for debate apparently) Korean player that waters his plants to stay focused. People are allowed to like what and who they want. It's not like people don't like the Korean teams cause they're Koreans, it's cause there are others who are more personable.  And at the end of the day you're going to say "w.e this is a competitive game".  Like i anticipated you would say, a quality game is a quality game. Yes you're right, step the fuck up then if you want to be relevant, etc.  At the same time though these are human beings with personalities playing these games. This is a double-edged issue definitely but I can't see fans just tossing aside their feelings/background completely when watching their favorite teams play. Is it really that bizarre to feel a bit demoralized/disappointed when your favorite team keeps losing or even other way around feel exhilarated when that team takes top place?
1	So for absolutely no reason I decided to piece together the parts of your post that are in bold.   "So lets start what happened: I was always a very nice player. Yes, I did play bad - because I was out of the game. DuoQ, getting mad at each others desperation to get platinum again. I had to do something. Continuation of playing made it worse. I lost my focus, started to be toxic myself. Making the team moral even worse, distracted.......throw it myself....frustration. The system is frustrating itself."   Thats a decent
1	Alright, this won't be as elaborate as my comment on a previous video, but there's truthfully less to discuss.   In your final clip, your team completely threw the fight. The fear on graves instead of kat (the noct should have realized that in the middle of their team he couldn't possibly connect for the kill, and denying kat from starting her ult, or possibly cancelling the channel if she doesn't notice the tether, might have been enough for him to live... maybe). Thresh is really responsible, though it was lack of vision and an adc bait that got him there, so who can say; if he had moved towards the enemy team and ulted (to engage on your team's terms and to stop them from getting into position on the backline of you and nid), you may have won.   Anyways, your first and second clip have the same issue; you stutter step (orbwalk for the DotA inclined)  towards  your target (graves) instead of away. At level 1 you have a tiny range advantage on graves, and at at level 5 the advantage is even larger. The attack on Graves was not a mistake; you had 2v1 dps, and even when Taric arrived he would have only 1 stun and melee damage. Quite simply, you lost that fight because you attempted to stay ahead of where Graves would go to retreat. But why? To kill him at level 1 you would have to trade flashes at least, a deadly proposition at level 1 with a Taric support (W reset maybe, but Tristana mechanics ensure she'd take another hit from tower if she started casting rocket jump under it). No, flashing after him would have been impossibly greedy. But you could have popped his flash easily without moving ahead a single step; he had to back away, and if you had more range on Taric/Graves before the stun, you would have taken less damage while stunned and they could not possibly have chased into your+Thresh's superior ranged damage (not to mention stalling for Thresh hook CD, which would have been up literally 4 seconds after he ended up dying). In the second clip you try to damage Graves with Rocket Jump, but take Taric melee damage. Why not rocket jump 'up' from Graves; force Taric to chase you, give Thresh a chance to peel for you (though I know you know you could have just switched to Taric and avoided any death potential).   That ran long,
0	You tricky bastard. Best
1	What rank are you? I feel you don't play against good opponents, and in regards to your
1	The reason nidalees spears are so rage inducing is that they have no actual DRAWBACK. Nidalee is formed mana wise in such a way that you will likely throw 1-2 spears then cougar for the kill, The spear is way too hard to dodge at close range unless you get lucky in your timings or flash and going closer for a less damaging spear results in a pounce to the face.   However, 1v1ing a nidalee is not as impossible as trying to fight her while she spears in the time before a 5v5. Her spears have a 4 sec cd at level 5 and can over 1000 damage laughably easy once she is decently fed. Her spears have no counter play, the easiest champ to compare the spear too is either viktor or orianna, their poke can do insane damage late game too, however there are REASONS you cannot spam them unlike nidalees spear. First is the range, 1500, nuff said, can stand inside mundos arsecheeks and spam them from a mile away, second is their cooldown, once ori and viktor have used their poke they are susceptible to being all in'd by the enemy team as it is their main damage source and messes up oris attack combo. Third and lastly, Nidalee can heal through any of their damage while safely using hers repeatedly. This heal is ridiculous and late game will heal 300+ however thats not the end, your ad tank can now storm the front with his masses of extra attack speed from her heal and will shred the enemies with nidalees debuff from trap now on the enemies (all you have to do is wait until cc like caits) NO ONE else can do this as effectivley as nidalee not even the fish.
0	Insecure much, sir? Some people can not help it. SOME. Not all, just some. My biggest thing with you is, if they don't mind, then why should you? Does not EVERY person have the right to live their life as they choose? "fat acceptance"? Do you mean being tolerant of the way a person is, even if you are not happy with them? And what is your point about more than 50% of people in shopping centers being obese? Do you have a legitimate source to back that up, or is that your observation, which is clearly not objective? Honestly, why are so many people up in arms about this? If someone is happy with who they are, and they are not breaking any laws, or harming anyone, then what is the big deal?
0	Shame doesn't help anyone lose weight.   It did for me. I was tired of being considered unattractive by my female peers, and lazy by my male peers. Not to mention that grade/high school are really tough places to be a fat kid, in general. I think the shame of it all is eventually what caused me to get my ass in shape.
0	That whole notion that Liberal is better than managing the country/ economy than Labour is a misnomer, and if you look back through history, it really doesn't pan out.   Overall, Government takes too much credit for successes and too little blame for failures. Take Howard- he banged on about being able to keep interest rates low, but they spiked on him.   Its a lot like real estate salesmen: when the market is up and they sell a lot, they brag about how great they are, how they achieved high prices, how quick they sold, all because of them.  When they aren't selling, when prices are low, they just blame the market. There's no mention of their skills and value then, is there?   The other thing is, all parties are essentially singing to the same tune. The research done & recommendations put forward into policy & economic reform is independent, and you can bet that within a decade or two, every one will have been adopted, regardless of who was in power.  They'll sell it as if its their idea/ initiative, and the opposition will fight it, but they all know what is going to happen. The mining tax would have gone in if Liberals had been in power, perhaps in a slightly different guise. The GST was introduced under Howard, remember? Labour deregulated the banks (something rather right-wingish to do), etc. etc. etc.   For all the opposition, there is little, if any, fundamental difference.
1	Mid inhib is literally the worst to get. The enemy team can easily group 5 mid and push the minions past the river. They can keep vision control on their jungle and on baron pretty easily.   Mid Super Minions can't even take down nexus turret's by themselves, while side-lanes can.   Mid inhib is only good to cause the ultimatum 'You lose the fight, you lose the game', and force them to be careful about their midlane, since you have the quickest way to their base clear and constantly pushing.
1	I personally do not mind the changes except for the removal of his stealth from his ult.   I'm sure having his Q base damage nerfed was irritating to some, as much as I loved insta gibbing champs, it was really overpowered. I think this will be a nice balance. I don't mind Bola strike being a skills got because it makes sense if his role is a predatory hunter thriving off his skill and ability to takedown all foes. SKILL. It's what makes this game fun too. :D   Now the only issue I have with his ult is that now he is targetable. Idk how well the movement speed buff will compensate for this buff I know for a fact that not being targetable made for very fun play, counters, and mind games with the other team. This made Rengar so fun to me. You feel like a predator. A legit bad ass mother fry king lion with blades and one eye. This made him so cool, as many of you will agree. For one it will make him feel much less awesome, and Rengar-ish. This will significantly reduce his escapes and surprise attacks/initiation. If this stealth removal actually goes through I will honestly be very sad for my bro Rengar. This cat is my homie. I want his damn stealth. I don't care about the other changes, it makes sense and balances a bit more.   That's my two sense
1	You meet people in a similar life situation as your partner when you are with them, if things go south for you something may have already started with someone you've been around.
1	The 'he' was a 'she' in this case. There was no joking around, this streamer has a history for doing this kind of thing. Certainly not a joke, and the other guy acknowledged that at points. It's rather more obvious for me, because I watched it for that amount of time to make sure.   And this works both ways. The comments on this stream were horrendous to the person, and the donations were short, tied with messages telling her to suicide. It was just one negative frenzy, and I don't understand how that is good for anyone involved
1	I don't know why nobody paid attention to your post, but I feel like it is the truth essentially. NA LCS is exciting with all the trash talk, drama, house tours and what not, but only because there is coverage and somebody actually makes an effort to convey the information to us. Travis stands for a whole bunch of people that cover everything the fans want to know about the teams/players.   If you look at EU, there is probably the same amount of drama and a fair amount of trash talk as well, but no person/platform gathering all this and additionally creating content on their on, i.e. house tours, interviews and so on.   The journalists in NA and, to a lesser degree, in Korea are doing an awesome job hyping the fans up for the games. While this may not necessarily attract more people to watch the games live, it would certainly increase the quality of EU LCS. Maybe someone like Jankos is a really swell dude, but we just don't know about it, so like him, most of the players seem kind of boring.
0	I always find it funny when legal opinions come from law students. I'd reckon that 9 out of 10 legal opinions I read are prefaced with "I am a law student." The worst offenders are those that begin with "I'm a 1L law student." I equate that to a first year medical student saying, "Yes, I can operate on this man's heart. I am a first year medical student. I know all there is to know. My outdated textbooks taught me everything."   I don't know why this is. Actually, yes I do. Some law students are gunners in class and in real life. Reddit is yet another forum for proving your intelligence and your wealth of knowledge!
1	Vi is still bugged tbh, dunno how i managed it but just an hour ago i were chasing an Olaf at top lane with someone else (his turret was down), but when i used Q so i could bump into him when his ult had ended, the targettting circle never started growing and i never could cast it. I also couldn't bluepill after this, and if i activated my E i couldn't even autoattack (i could autoattack, if E wasn't active at the moment). Couldn't cast Ult either on anything, just plain no response.   Reconnecting didn't do anything, but after i died (just walked into the next teamfight so i could atleast do something maybe with W procs) the problem vanished.
1	How about fuck off?   Burn them when your team finishes 4th in NA regonals   I wont go into the collusion as I do not know all the facts however I do know they got there by being better then the other teams, and the consistantly finish 4th or 5th, there not tsm yet. But saying they cant win unless they cheat is just downright wrong
1	Everybody knowing a little bit of computers or technology could understand that this is not possible/not a correct information.   You cannot format an Hard Drive that is in use at the moment, you cannot delete system files or something like that while the hard drive is in use. To do that you have to reboot without execuiting  the Operative System. I'm sorry if I'm horrible at explaining/bad english and everything.   You can see it in this screenshot (sorry my O.S is in Italian):   [Screenshot](   I ask for: format c:   the answers is: Are you sure? Yes. Then asks me to unmount it because is in use, i choose Yes and it gives me an error because it's still in use by my operative system.
0	Haha, I worked with road construction, so I'm all for this! :D (archaeological oversight, but because of how it's organized, we always knew total cost of investment).   Fuck, man - whenever someone is bitching in my presence about "why won't they just fix them the damn roads?" too insistently - I just tell them how much it costs per km built (of like really shitty 2 lane road, nothing fancy). Has not failed to shut people up yet.   FYI this is being done in EU whenever EU pays for  anything . There's a huge-ass sign saying what fund it came from, what was the total cost, and how much EU pitched in.  Every. Single. Investition.
1	I dont like the idea to let the projectile pass through but what about changing the direction of the ult? (inb4 Friendly yasuo killed me)   Or imagin that: The windwall looks like its pushing the projectile UP so make it goes up for a while, let it travel lets say 500 range and then goes down again and travel on its normal. So the windwall will protect only the people near the windwall.
1	Actually the minority of LOL players are chat restricted and even less are banned. So does that make the majority of us not "only human?"   OMG hold on.
1	I think it's pretty clear that it's a nerf, as you need more items to deal the same damage (even though those items are a natural part of a standard Ahri build). However, a nerf isn't always bad. Ahri is a very strong AP carry, and she brought a lot to the table as far as damage, CC, and mobility. A damage nerf was in order, and the one that they did was very measured and focused on exactly when her damage was a problem: early game.
1	You're right.. I didn't read all the way down haha
1	It's not only Items. Just compare season 2 masteries and those of season 4. I dont want to go full nostalgia, but back then you had some masteries, which allowed you some creativity in play.   [Season 2 Masteries](   Just look at it, it has way more options for utility, than just raw stats. For example you had the chance to take the 6 dmg to minions masterie and try to proxy farm on lv1 the wave and then go and annoy the oposing jungler. Not only that the items/masteries lack creativity, also the runes have way too high costs. For somebody who is playing 3-4 games a day, its impossible to try out diferent runes. Nobody will ever buy energy runes, so we will never get to know, if those maybe are useful. Furthermore the changes, which reduced snowballing, were way to heavy. In addition to having higher hp on lv1 ( due to all buying dorans items now and getting at least 9 points in defense except for midlaners ) you get less puniched for dying early. So they did not only make it more difficult to get an advantage in early game, they also prevent you from doing anything with it, by minimalizing it.
1	My understanding is that,     Something that applies %HP dmg hits you (i.e. Blade of the Ruined King, or Vayne's Silver Bolts)     How much dmg it will do to you is based on your current or total HP (this is calculated at the time of collision)     But the dmg is multipled against your current resistances (armor of BoTRK or magic resist of Liandry's Torment), then subtracts this amount out of your "life pool" (not an official term).     Your "life pool" pool includes. HP, normal shields (barrier, janna's shield, Bloodthirter Shield, Locket of the Iron Solari), MR exclusive shields (Lifeline passive, Kassadin's Null Sphere, Morgana Black Shield...)
1	This is the way things work out:   If LMQ gets destroyed at worlds, it shines negatively on China, and on NA. If LMQ can work their way to worlds in a short time and be destroyed internationally that shows a dilution in NA and negatively represents our region in terms of talent at the professional/semi level, since they came through the NALCS to get to worlds showing our pro-level as weaker. If they absolutely demolish the competition the positive effects won't carry over to NA as a region entirely. The international level will view LMQ as, "that Chinese team that went to NA" and the positive light will shine on the higher level of China and not accent and represent the higher levels of play in NA. (They are a Chinese team, playing in NA. It's really that simple)   TSM's results won't be judged the same way as the organization itself has been based out of NA for so long, but people will still be able to make the comment that the Dia/Challenger talent isnt represented internationally seeing as the majority of their roster is composed of foreign players. (Bjerg, Amazing, Lustboy). Dyrus and Tutle are shining NA stars, but TSM represents a...cliche idea of a melting pot of talents and ideas much like NA has been known to bring in through ALL walks of life. Not just e-sports.   Fans and players of all levels are completely allowed to feel discouraged. The players that they've loved for so long that have helped them cultivate their own talents, and NA as a region are not representing them at the international level. Instead they are being represented by foreign players that, in MY OWN VIEW NOT ANYONE ELSE's, came here for an easier ride to worlds because NA is traditionally a weaker region as a whole. (this is more of a business aspect than anything I feel) This leads to a major amount of butthurt fans, me being one of them.   These organizations do what they do for their own monetary gains, and honestly don't consider how the region of NA is viewed at the talent level of this game at all, and will do what they have to and bring in whoever they can to make a name for their brands. That's business.   But as I said, the NA scene isn't truly represented by the teams attending Worlds this year. The only way that NA truly represents itself in the proper fashion (from a native fan view) of actually cultivating talent and displaying it at max level is if C9 performs as EVERY member of their roster is native to the countries of NA.   I love and respect all the teams of the NA LCS, this includes the foreign players of the region. But people have to account that our region does suffer when others come over for an easier trip to worlds as the e-sports and pre-professional levels of this game are still being cultivated here. Some players are realizing that they WANT to do this with theirs lives, they WANT to be these voices of e-sports and represent NA at the international level, they have the passion to do these things. But at a business level they will never be able to achieve this seeing as despite however seriously we take this game throughout all of NA it will still be viewed as a game to the citizens of this region so we will probably NEVER be able to attain the god-like status/skills that players possess in the Asian regions.   NA players make too many mistakes, and in my view us and EU are probably the most human players of all the regions. We represent passion and drive, and not always maximum skill. Though we are good we may never be great, and the only way we can obtain this greatness is if players at the higher levels of Challenger and Diamond sacrifice their ego's and if E-sports clubs and businesses form and take risks with generally inconsistent players of this region.   Which is bad business. So our region will never truly be represented at the international level until another rag-tag team of NA heroes comes in like a wrecking ball and stands along side C9 with a similar story as theirs.
1	Yes, I did some numbers on the tribunal a couple times.   You only need to look at how many reports you average per game, the amount of games you played and the amount of tribunal cases you reviewed.   So I have like 2k games and I average 1 report per game.   I have reviewed 100 cases, I think Im above the average.   And I average 1 report per game.   So if 1 report would equal 1 player that gets through tribunal, only 5% of reports according to the sample size of [me] get processed.   But sadly 1 report is not equal to a player going through the tribunal, you need mutiple votes from multiple people in order to determine what is a good verdict. I always estimate 20 to 50 votes per case. A case has multiple reports too, I took some random cases out of my tribunal page and it averaged at 9.   Even if we are generous and average it at ten, that means that only 1% to 2.5% of reports cast go to tribunal.   Then we have the whole issue of reports that never go into the tribunal, such as unskilled play.   And then finally we have the tribunals stunning punish rate, on the first 2 pages of my tribunal only 1 player got banned, 2% punish rate.
1	I hope this doesn't sound too critical. Disclaimer, I'm not just trying to say "You're not high enough elo to do this stuff." I think that the show is not playing to the strengths of its cast.   Everyone on the show was likeable but no one offered enough in terms of expert knowledge and comfort with analysis. Yet you keep bringing the focus back to ingame analysis. You have 4 people that are qualified to be hosts bouncing talking points back and forth and you don't have the one or two people with a deep, concrete knowledge pool that can confidently answer the questions you are asking each other. It reminds me of the old Trinity Force podcasts whenever they couldn't get a guest for the week. The reason shows like this work on say, ESPN Sportscenter or JD's State of the League is because the lion's share of speakers on those shows are ex-pros, coaches etc. That's what lets them have a narrow focus on their topics. The four of you are avid spectators and all have good communication skills, but you are forcing yourselves to be analysts/pundits which aren't your strong points to begin with. As a live broadcast especially it's not appropriate to "fake it until you make it." My favorite parts are actually when Hughbo forgets the current topic and goes off on a tangent actually. It does detract from what is clearly the intent of the show, but it feels so much more natural and it is what I expect if you put a bunch of journalists together. Talking about teams, orgs, rosters, players, tournaments and news items. You guys shine when you are doing this (not often enough) and you're faltering when you linger too long on reading plays and interpreting the meta.   ^^^^
1	I wouldn't be sad for EUW. NA is very childish. The most neutral and lightest of jokes and comments are seen as EXTREMELY TOXIC. Its actually really horrible to play here. You basically can't say anything to these people and when you don't, they get mad because you're not talking to them when they ask incredibly stupid questions. first pick ignite-flash-Syndra locked in: "r u go mid, dude?" half a second later: "WTF answer retard!" someone else: "Yea syndra trolling" another player: "stupid fucking Syndra so toxic FML someone dodge". I'm thoroughly convinced those players are still trying to figure out which lane I was going to even after I won the game for them starting mid.   Be happy you can actually communicate with your teammates. Even if you have to take a lot of flak with it. All these extremely pleasant NA gods are really very difficult and spiteful people.   If people don't get along with you then maybe, just maybe: you might be hard to get along with.
1	I was in this position less than a month ago.  I've noticed at this ELO (may be similar in other elo's as well -- i wouldnt know) whichever team keeps their composure best wins.  I've played so many games where all of our lanes were rolling and we lost because one angry person started raging, we got mad, and the other team calmly killed us off while we fought amongst ourselves.  Try to be positive about everything in game.  Top gave first blood?  Say nothing or commend him on the effort, say its bad luck, lie out your ass if you have to but don't put him down more than he already is.  Also, warding for more than just yourself (i.e. ward their jungle as well as your lane) goes a lot further than you might think towards winning.
1	Renekton is most unbalanced champion in the game.   When ADC were stronger he was decent. An early game bully then if he tried to dive backline he was kitable and killable.   Now he has randuins(please delete), sunfire and thornmail. He slows you double burns you and you die.   That is a myth that renekton is weak late game, myth that should be busted and thats enough.   Renekton's only flaw is fighting against heavy disengage comp.   And the reason they arent nerfing him YET is because trust me, he gets nerfed then the irelia jax jayce yasuo malphite, anything basically will be playable toplane without hesitation.   If you ask why they arent playable now then here is the my reasoning. Why would you learn a high intense mechanics champion that requires a lot of practice if you can play renekton taht basically does same thing by standing still and scratching his balls? You can spend time needed to pracitce a one of champions i mentioned onto three. Shyv, Renekton, Trundle. Those 3 are not really demanding and freaking high rewarding champions with medicore skill cap (or non like renekton.)
0	Good point, but the conduct of the officer in the story would not be a proper response if he did believe the guns they were using were real. If he took actions that were based on the belief that the guns being used were real, I might side with you, but based on the facts given it sounds more like the officer made no attempt to either disarm or subdue the suspects, and instead asked them to line up against a wall, still armed. If an officer did come across a few armed individuals actively holding and pointing (as I would assume the kids had been doing) guns, then his reaction is far more lenient than I would expect. Mistaking a fake gun for a real one is a possibility, and the kinds of pressures that officers face in a situation like that is serious, but let us not equate a possibility for mistake with a justification for actions taken without the mistaken belief.
1	First of all: How many games have you played? Sometimes people complain even though they have only played a couple of games.   Secondly, are you sure you're winning the lane everytime? You said "often" but this can honestly mean anything. The perception of humans can sometimes be heavily biased. Not trying to accuse you of anything, just keep this in mind.   Now, if you truly want to become better, asking on this subreddit wont help you much. Your question can simply be answered with: "get objectives" but you wont learn anything new out of it.   If you TRULY want to become a better player and aim towards higher ranks, the only thing you can do is observe yourself and how you play. Realize what you're doing wrong and what this little thing is that keeps you from winning more games. There is no gain without effort.
0	As much as I wish this weren't true, I have an example.   My buddy Alex claimed to be "bi" around several smokin hot girls in the 10th grade. Well about a month later all of his other friends were avoiding him and just started referring to him as "bi-guy" (which has a nice ring) but there were some violent threats towards him too. Well, to end, he's not bi he's just a man-whore who saw an in and didn't think about what he was doing.
0	No that pearson shit is a super cam.  It's SaaS that you buy a licesnse to use FOR A SEMESTER! and the account is tied to your student email - your teacher posts tests and homework and you have to complete it on through the pearson site.  They have it for chem/bio/math ect. now.
1	YES!!! I <3 the shields from her.   I once had a game where I was split pushing (without wards like an idiot) and got ganked 4v2, she managed to shield me + Shen ult + barrier = quadra kill and a nexus.
1	Yes i think you should start. At the beginning of ranked Games it will appear you a bit like you were smurfing, you know many bad people leavers feeders,just try to snowbal more thanyour enemys and you will start to rise up. but when you reached about 1400 you'll have some fantastic games (with a lot of pressure),wich you dont get in Normals.
1	900 elo scrub calling you for ksing him when you're playing graves and he's playing jungle alistar? no.   However, pro players do try to implement the strategy of KSing in competitive play. Junglers / support try and let them carries last hit the kills so the money goes to a more effective champion. I do this all the time when I play ranked 5s with my team, I would effectively hover around a champion, knowing the kill was secured, and wait until my lane can't take the kill before taking it.
1	We Americans cover a much larger landmass than Koreans.  In places like the Midwest where suburban sprawl is unavoidable, driving cars is required.  On the flip side, people in NYC walk all the time.   And Americans work more hours in a day, on average, than any comparable worker in any country in the world.
1	My profession...! You know, now that I think of it, I've always wanted to be a baker. Yes, a baker. - Brand.   Force is meaningless without a skill - Darius   Valoran will know harmony. - Shaco.   I will lead the charge - Twitch (or any other adc).   And many more, but didn't want to make kilometer long post, 'cause what would I say in
0	My ex told me she wanted to be a stay at home mom.  I made enough that we could afford to do it. Since child care would be her entire check each month we opted for her staying at home.  Two months later she asks about getting a maid service because she is tired of cleaning the house.  Funny thing is, she was tired of cleaning our house, not the part time job she was doing cleaning other peoples houses on the weekend.   I made dinner 4-5 nights a week, she wanted a personal chef to take care of breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Sex was non-existent.  She was diagnosed with depression, but since she was breast feeding she refused to take the meds.
1	I feel so sorry for EU team after reading today's comments on reddit. I get it, many of us were rooting for them and are very disappointed today, that's normal, it just shows how big of a fan you are. However, turning disappointment into anger is not cool. They didn't win, it sucks, but it doesn't mean we need to find exactly who to blame and then flame the shit out of them.   Don't you think it sucks enough for these players (and Harry, he's getting flamed aswell) that they lost a match so hyped. Don't you think they know they disappointed EU fans. Don't you think they're frustrated by the fact they didn't get to train enough. Then imagine one of them coming to reddit and reading about how they're lazy, how they didn't even want to be there, how they didn't care, how X players should've been voted instead of them. Especially since quite a few things (like trouble with organizing scrims, visa issues) might've been out of their control. Flaming the shit out of them won't suddenly make EU win, and it won't make either you or the players feel better.
1	The problem with your logic though is you assume that mmr is a direct measure of skill. When scaled up (comparing 1400 vs 1600 for example) the system works well and in most cases the 1600 is better than the 1400 but at low differences like 1400 vs 1420 it almost impossible to see who is better.   The main reason for this phenomenon is that each win and loss is not determined by a single player. Being a very good player (for your mmr) means you may win 75% of your games. In the long term your mmr will steadily increase until you win ~50% of your games. But in the short term your mmr will go up and down.   Even If you assume each player is exactly where he belongs their mmr will not stay exactly the same. Even if the player's skill level stays exactly the same their mmr will likely fluctuate significantly (50-100 mmr at least). So how could you make any significant conclusions about a player's skill from 10-20 mmr?   Edit:
0	English is my first language and Italian is my second. People usually think I'm relatively funny when I speak English (Australians seem to really find me funny for some reason). However, when I speak Italian people seldom if ever find me funny. The only people who get my Italian jokes are my family (all Americans with Italian as a second language).
0	He's excited. He's found something that makes him happy. Think of it this way. As Christians we are taught to believe that Jesus is always there for us. He's found someone  who loves him unconditionally, will never turn his back on him, someone he can count on. Someone who he can turn to when a problem arises. There's love, grace & mercy. And he's probably never had it like that before. As Christians, we are told to spread the message, make disciples, share our love of the Lord. You're his friend & he wants you to experience that joy along with him. Just be excited for him, & support him. You can even let him know that it's a bit annoying bc you're not into it the way he is but, you're glad he's found something that makes him happy. However, I will say that if he's condemning,  judging,  or telling you that your a horrible person bc you don't think the same then he's completely missing the point.
1	I love how being top two NA is "mediocre."  They're not elite, but they are a world class team.  I'm fully aware that Korea/China have passed NA and most of EU, but really TSM is exactly who we thought they were.  A really solid team that just isn't quite the best in the world.  Sure, Top 16 might be mediocre in football, but this is exports.  There are far more than 32 teams.
0	This memorial day I went to a service with my father and we were sitting on a hill in front of the ceremony. Approximately 10 yards in front of us there is a Vietnam Memorial. It is a large vertical granite stone with a soldier on it. The stone is surrounded by a square path that is enclosed by a large chain.   Here we are enjoying a beautiful day and a particularly moving ceremony, however there are these three young boys (7-10) who are swinging on the chain like it is a god damn swing set. They are playing on the path as if it were a playground.   As the ceremony draws to close a family who lost there father in Vietnam was to place a wreath in remembrance on the memorial.   As this family approaches the memorial, I hear out of the corner of my ear their mother say"kids, that family is going to place the wreath," and the kids ignore their mother and continue swinging and playing in the MIDDLE OF THE FUCKING MEMORIAL.   This family had to practically walk around these kids as they try to honor their departed father.   I don't expect children to remain at attention during the entire ceremony. I don't expect children to remain silent during the entire ceremony. I DO EXPECT parents to exercise absolute control over their young children when the time calls for it.   /endrant
1	actually 100 armor essentially extends your survival to the damage type by another full hp bar's worth. Hence if he went from 5 bars (the base hp, and 4 extra bars worth from 400 armor) to 1.9 (the hp and .9 from armor).   he ended up at abit less than 40% of his "expected" effective health.
0	It's definitely going to depend on your kid. When my wife was a child, just the thought that she was going to disappoint her parents or make them sad was enough to get her to stay in line. But some kids aren't motivated that way, and that doesn't mean they're assholes. They're just not finished developing that part of their conscience yet.   With my son, we tried a lot of stuff when he went through his terrible three's. He didn't give a shit about our approval, he wouldn't sit still for time out, he didn't care if we yelled (which we weren't that keen on doing anyway). So for him, I instigated "time out" for me. I'd just say, "I don't want to be around you when you're acting like this," and walk into the next room. He'd follow me around for a few minutes, first furious, and then sad, and I'd ignore him until he finally broke the mood, and then give him lots of love.   For really extreme instances--he has a drawer full of crap toys. Y'know, McDonald's happy meal toys, that kind of bullshit. If he was being a real monster, we'd say, "stop what you are doing, or I will throw a toy away." And then if he didn't stop, one of those toys went into the trash. And it didn't come back out. If he kept it up, he'd lose another one. We only had to do it a few times before he caught on.
1	I feel like people are missing the point of ARAM. You get a bunch of melee tanks vs a poke team, build orbs of winter wait til level 6 and and all in them. Try stupid crazy strategies. Sometimes the chips are stacked against you and you find ways to win and have fun. You are supposed to get champs you don't play often or well. It is a good tool to learn champs you don't know. You are supposed to get bad, stupid or funny comps. It is Random!   Don't play ARAM cause you want to dunk on noobs FTW! (Although those opportunities are available.) Somebody else gets your favorite champ for the first time and won't trade? Give them a tip or two (just don't be a dick about it.) Play because it's fun and casual. If you are super competitive like me you will still try to win against all odds. Even if you fail miserably you can smile about it because it's ARAM!   I totally have a sweet suggestion for ARAM guys. Lets set it up so I narrow my champs down to a pool of five that I really want to randomly be assigned. I get 5 re-rerolls in case I don't like who I get. This will totally balance ARAM!
1	I like the concept of mini-games in LoL, but I have a bad feeling about this for a few reasons:     The lack of IP Sinks  Recently the lack of IP outlets has been discussed on reddit, its a minority issue but this is something which would make the problem worse.     Slightly Devalues IP Boosts  People get IP boosts a lot of the time to save up for runes, giving people another way to get runes will give people less reason to buy IP boosts and therefore less reason to buy RP, which hurts Riots cash flow.     Less IP Spent on runes means more IP spent on champions  Runes are a big spending point for IP,but if there is another way to get runes then people will use it for champions, again this is something which hurts Riots cash flow.       These are a few reasons why I think riot wouldn't implement the idea in its current form.   However  it does tie into an idea I had recently concerning the addition on several  LoL-themed minigames . Suppose there was an Arcade built into the client, some really simple games that you can play at the cost of IP (Something like 50IP a go). These could be played during Login Queues, Matchmaking Queues etc. There could be ladders tied to Your league and Server for high scores etc, and you could win prizes (like Runes, more IP or Arcade-exclusive skins). It gives Riot another way to drive people to get IP Boosts (Could be profitable for them if done correctly), gives people something to do during queues and provides that "i've bought everything already" minority with another IP sink.
1	let them know they are in danger is from the warning emails they send out. In general however we humans react poorly to being told we are doing something wrong. Anger is the most common reaction and denial. So you go play another game and rage a little more. Then you get another alert. So you play another then you rage a little more. and so on. Its not correct for EVERYONE but it is the pattern for MOST. That is the problem. Note that I'm not saying it will turn everyone into ragers. I'm saying seeing the report will cause anger more than self reflection. Some might just stop playing all together some might troll some might go to customs and stop playing regulars.   I do not like the idea. I think a warning before tribunal is the absolute FURTHEST this kind of idea should go. Something like two reports before tribunal. But even then I've seen many cases on there with one or two games. Which seems very weird to me.
0	I'd probably feel uncomfortable too. It's hard not to identify with characters that are similar to you.  Obviously I'm not a slave owner, but I  am  an educated white person who was born into the middle class.  There's a lot of privilege that comes with that, and while I don't own a plantation, there's a good chance that people in other countries have slaved to produce the clothing I wear and the electronic gadgets I use.   Then, I get to thinking about what other people are thinking.  If they're all cheering the slave on, they must be identifying with the slave, not his owner.  Morally, they're in the right and I am in the wrong, and this makes my uncomfortable.   Later on, I may try and justify it by saying that morality is subjective, a social construct, but by that logic, there was nothing immoral about slavery to begin with.  It's not an easy question.  In the end, I guess I have to accept that no matte how I attempt to deconstruct the argument in my favour, I am racist, or at least  classist .  What I believe, what I do, and what I feel are three different concepts, and while I may believe racism is bad and may actively attempt to avoid acting in racist ways, it doesn't stop me from having racist sentiments.
0	Last week I had lost my keys for a few days. It caused a huge problem and an argument between my boyfriend and I. He accused me of hiding them so he would have to give me a ride to my cousins birthday party (yeah, right). I ended up thinking I wouldn't go since he refused to give me a ride. At the last moment a mutual friend of ours (cousin and I) picked me up and took me to the party. Anyways, two days later and I am still freaking out about my keys. Boyfriend is beginning to believe I hadn't purposely hid my keys from myself. We dug through my entire storage unit to find my spare key - it was way in the back of course. So, another day passes and we are discussing changing the lock on our door just in case someone picked up the keys in front of the house - where I suspected I had dropped them. I go to check for my wallet in my purse to see how much money I had (to decide if I could afford to change the knob and locks). My wallet is gone! I'm looking everywhere in my purse. It's a large purse, but not a suitcase. I dumped everything out onto the bed. My bf is watching me freak out. But wait! My purse felt heavy even though I'd dumped its contents out....oh shit. There was a small pocket within the purse to put little things like change (about 2" long)etc. the lining of the purse by that pocket had ripped...I stuck my hand in there and lo and behold!!! My fucking keys, wallet, $20, and $8 in quarters I had lost that were meant to pay for my laundry. We haven't talked about this since it happened.
1	I did not use numbers for a 2000 HP target on a 1500 HP target. I re-do numbers when I change target.   "Have blown everything" meaning have not used ignite, any ticks of your ult, have only cast one E, and haven't hit a single tick of W or had any help from your team, landing even a single auto-attack. Also, many ADs won't have much MR by that point. 10% reduction is more likely.   Whops at the 35% thing. My bad.   DFG does not fall off harder than Deathcap, it actually scales better. Deathcap basically adds a ratio based on your current ratios. For morde, it adds about a .4-.5 ratio depending on enemy HP and how many ticks of things you get. DFG has a .35 ratio per 1000 enemy HP, which outscales Deathcap in most situations. The CDR also scales with your AP. And you can build a Deathcap later to multiply with Deathfire if you wish. DFG is the best damage item for Morde, for certain. I have no idea why you reduced ult damage. The damage should be 450(base of Q+E) +100(AP scaling from Q+E)+502.5(DFG)+217.5(base % from ult)+30(AP scaling from ult) = 1300 exactly. If you get 2 ticks of ult and 2 of ignite, 2 ticks of W, that's 21.75 2+6(ult)+24 2+20 2(W)+62 2(ignite) = 239.752 damage. To a 1500 HP target, with 0 AP from runes of masteries, 0 auto-attacks, only a single cast of your E, where you can often get two, and only two seconds of ult and ignite that are likely to linger for more, and without a single attack from a team-mate who would usually contribute at least some AoE in a teamfight, you do enough raw damage to kill someone. In an actual game situation, they don't even always enter at full HP.   Also, I did not use 2000 HP math on 1500 HP target. Do not assume. My mistakes were Q scaling on total AD and DFG doing 35%. I never claimed to factor MR, in fact, I clearly stated "pre-mitigation damage" - I had left out so many factors, mentioned above, that would reduce your damage in a realistic situation that it was more than canceled out. Exact numbers were not as important as how much DFG totally dominates any other build for burst damage.   After DFG, Gunblade or Deathcap are viable build choices. Both provide decent burst. Lichbane at some point if you're able to get in melee range of decent targets.   Q is best maxed before W. W's armor/MR buff is really weak, why you'd ever put it on a decently positioned AD carry, I don't know. If you're in the middle of things, the cooldown change on Q is too valuable to give up for a bit of W damage. W has some good sustained damage via AP ratio, but Q scales better based off of its level.
1	You need professional help dude. You get to sit on your ass all day long in your early twenties and make more money than most of us will make our entire lives playing a VIDEO GAME. You will never know what the real world is like, because you have a few brain cells that make your reaction time better than most of the world. AND THAT'S FINE, but you need to stop acting like an entitled asshole about it all. You should APPRECIATE the fans that pay your fucking bills. You shouldn't look down on anyone that you play with that isn't a member of TSM and might not be as good as you. Do you know how many people would kill to be in your position? The majority of time you act like it's really wearing on you to have to play a video game all day to earn a living. I don't know how a person so young can act so entitled, without feeling the need to give back to the ones that pay his bills for him. We didn't ask you to be a video game hero, you chose to be. The least you could do is have the SLIGHTEST bit of professionalism, and the SLIGHTEST bit of appreciation for your fans.
0	Completely irrelevant to this thread, but here:   I am a mechanical engineer, and I agree: jet fuel cannot melt steel beams. It CAN (and did), however, weaken the steel to the point that it couldn't bear the weight of the building. Think of putty in your hands. The more you knead it, the warmer it gets,  the more pliable it becomes. Same with steel. A blacksmith doesn't melt steel, they heat it up to soften it.
1	I've never posted on reddit before, but I feel so bad that you play support to be a nice guy and are getting screwed over. Bronze is hell. It really is, I just got out of it and promise it is so much better. Silver is a lot more cocky people that think they are good because they are not bronze, but theres less toxicity and more teamwork. Basically, the best advice I can give you is that you are going to have to try to take an important role. I carried myself out of Bronze by playing nidalee top. People raged at me and told me not to and whatever, but at the end of the day, I'm a good player and I play a role that can carry a game. You should do the same thing. Jungle, Top, and mid are all good roles for this. Jungle because its easy to apply pressure on struggling lanes, or help a good player dominate theirs. Top is good because most tops are tanky bruisers, and tanks honestly carry games better than adc. Mid is good because you can help the other lanes and deal mass damage in teamfights if you pick the right one and get good at them. For example: I have really good positioning in team fights and I main Lux mid, because I Have good positioning, I almost never die and I can build her glass cannon, maximizing damage output.
0	I've build loads for myself and my friends. I never charge my friends because I want to introduce them to custom PCs and PC gaming the best way, and I enjoy it anyway. Because I am a reviewer I am normally able to sell them something on the cheap, so they get a lower price and I earn some money.   Anyway, I was building one for my friend and he asked whether he could watch so he could try to understand how they worked. I was pretty experienced by this time so I wasn't bothered. But, the case I chose, a Zalman Z7 was a complete bastard! It was an excellent case for the price, but I had to wrestle with the thing to install anything. Eventually I got it together after receiving a massive gash to my finger and cleaning the blood off the motherboard.   It took about 4x longer than it should and made me look a complete moron. Finally I got the thing together, went to power it up. Nothing. No POST beeps, no fans, completely dead. He was looking at me like "WTF, why is my £700 PC not working." I played it off, started testing the PSU, checking for shorts on the back of the motherboard tray, checking to front panel connectors. Then my friend pulled off the front bezel. Turns out the power switch is on the bezel rather than the main body of the case, and you had to connect the button to the wire that goes to the motherboard header. I felt a complete idiot, I've never been in a situation where a PC hasn't worked first time, and with the guy watching me the pressure was on. So all that fault finding just to find that the switch wasn't connected!
0	My dad has lung cancer. He was never a smoker, and they caught it really late. He was already at stage 4.   The specific version of cancer he got was the one listed on this page.   What totally blows my mind is this:   > Xalkori (crizotinib), produced by Pfizer, was approved by the FDA for treatment of late stage lung cancer on August 26, 2011   He started taking this drug, and he's now 18 months in, with no visible signs of tumor on a PET scan. you can't claim that he's cancer free, but he's as close to being cured as you can be.  All without chemo, or surgery.   It blows my mind that if this happened 5 years ago, he'd be dead in the same time frame. But research & biology has advanced and saved his life.   Uhh,
1	Can you say, in an intellectually honest manner, that the only meaningful difference between TSM's wins and losses was their toplane choice?  And that the games they lost with Renekton and Yorick were truly the result of those picks and that the wins with Jayce and Shen were truly the result of those picks?   I don't know your numbers background, but I hope you have more than Stats 101 under your belt.  This is incredibly preposterous to attribute the differences to top lane without analysis of the other lanes.
1	Perhaps because it takes 4 seconds of foresight or a skirmish lasting 4+ seconds in the same area for the damage part of the ult to even apply?   That and one of the only guaranteed damage setups requires the use of an entire item activation (zhonyas) which, after a week, will be an obvious bait that people will stop falling for or be aware of when playing against him. #
0	It's ok, at least you're was interesting. Mine was "best
1	So, theorycrafting...for Champions with AOE dot aura, Sunfire Cape (2,610 gp/ +450 hp/ +45armor/Passive)compared vs. Zhonya's hourglass (3,100 gp/ +100 AP/ 50 Armor/ Passive) vs Rylai's Crystal Scepter (3,105 gp/ +500 hp/ +80 AP/ Passive)   So, important, gold ratios (per 100gp):   Sunfire Cape (+17.2hp/ +1.72armor/ 1.34dps(m))   Zhonya's Hourglass (+3.22AP/ 1.61armor/Passive)   Rylai's Crystal Scepter (+16.1hp/ 2.58AP/ Passive)   Karthus Defile has a 0.25 AP damage ratio   Gains 0.81/ 0.65 dps(m) per 100gp with Zhonyas/Rylais (compare to Sunfire Cape at 1.34 dps (m) per 100gp)   Amumu's Despair has a 0.01 % max target health AP damage ratio   Deals 0.32/ 0.25 dps(m) per 100gp with Zhonya's/Rylais per 1,000 hp the target has. To gain an equivalent gold/damage ratio for this skill to Sunfire care, Zhonya's/Rylai's requires a target with 4.2k/ 5.3k hp.
0	I'm going to explain this to you one time and one time only.   I am replying to the claims that you can only defend yourself to the deal if you fear for your life or imminent threat as if those claims are true because I am fucking lazy.   a) You can't tell me when I should fear for my life and I am positive I could convince a jury if needed. Hypothetically.   b) It doesn't fucking matter because that premise is wrong in the first God damned place.   >“An illegal arrest is an assault and battery. The person so attempted to be restrained of his liberty has the same right to use force in defending himself as he would in repelling any other assault and battery.” (State v. Robinson, 145 ME. 77, 72 ATL. 260).
1	I'm inclined to think TSM is not a top 3 team and it'll stay that way. Nothing against them but I don't think any of them looks to be a good candidate for shotcaller and Bjergsen's first split dominance won't carry over. Sure he's still a great laner, but the reason he looked so good (in my opinion) was due to TheOddOne's style of jungling and TSM's overall laning strength allowed him to shine in many games. But towards the end of last split and now continuing, some of the other mid laners have impressed me more. Gleeb has shown himself to be a great replacement, but I really don't buy the hype about Amazing. Despite his high KDA this week, he seemed pretty mediocre (especially with such an easy schedule).
0	so, this dude and his girlfriend are living across the country from each other, as she has started uni or college or something.   they don't see each other for ages, 3/4 months or something like that, he goes to visit her (around xmas time?) and they get to business, having been apart for some time.   he discovers she has a funny smell in her lady bits, but they are pretty keen to get to the action so he pops a jolly rancher in his month to try and cover the taste while he munches down on her, at some point he accidentally pops the jolly rancher inside her while eating her out, so he pops his fingers in and manages to pull out what he thinks is the jolly rancher, sticks it back in his mouth and it pops.   it was a Gonorrhoea  pustule, so he discovers his missus has been cheating on him whilst at college/uni and also gets some of her lovely Gonorrhoea.
0	First girlfriend, I got a message from a guy saying "how does it feel to lose your girl?" Being confused I go to my facebook profile I see that I'm single her relationship status is hidden, but his say that he is in a relationship with her. He is in Oregon we lived in Virginia (fuck you omegle>.>). I try to get her back being my first girlfriend in all, school starts up she is cheating on me with 3 other guys (oregon boy included). I "hacked" her facebook (she never changed her passwords >.>), that she left logged in on firefox (i only used chrome). See these messages, hop on my laptop which she used the night before to see messages and a nice 3 hour call (I was passed out from my all nighter before) to the guy in Oregon. She said she was confused. She broke up with me and later gets pissed off for me going after another girl after she had another boyfriend >.>.
1	Mobile) I agree. Not even having fun playing right now to be honest. I don't think that I'm one of those people that "goes 10-0 every single game and always gets noob feeders." I main jungle and I usually always do pretty well. Pretty well meaning top 3 in the lobby at least. At worse I will have more than 2x as many deaths as kills but almost always more assists then deaths. I feel like I'm better than these bronze players, but what frustrates me is I'm not good enough to consistently carry.
1	Honestly, I know where you're coming from. I was really scared of pvp from level 15-30 and only played bots. One day I just decided to stop playing bots and play way more pvp. I sucked a lot at the beginning but I was motivated by the fact that my friends were all getting better than me because I just played bots. I then realized that league is basically just a bunch of really trivial things you need to be good at and knowing when to use them. So I practiced all of those "little things" like csing in customs, harassing in lane, clearing the jungle, timers. Eventually I just started using all of those little things in cohesion and became a good player. Now normal games are pretty much insta-win unless the rest of my team fails miserably and my wins/losses in ranked are 70/30. The only thing keeping me in silver I right now are poor decision-making and map awareness.
1	No where did I say not to try.  And in no way is my logic flawed.  Chauster has played Alistar a lot, doublelift has played Blitzcrank more than a lot.  They both play bot lane extensively.  I think they know exactly what needs to happen for duo-bruiser to succeed.  Your logic is flawed in the fact you are basically arguing Chauster/Doublelifts understanding of the game and bot lane.  My logic is maybe that duo-bruiser lane is just too risky to use.  That isn't to say something else wouldn't work.   Example:  If duo bruiser bot succeeds only 40% of the time but it succeeds so explosively that it snowballs and instantly wins the game, would you consistently run that lane?  The fact you are even arguing countering the meta by using what counters the meta's lane composition and not just what counters the lane is actually the entirely incorrect way to go about it.  I would rather people think to pick to counter lane, not to counter the meta's lane composition.
1	I will try to give everyone a (kind of) deep explanation on how to play as Morgana and how to build her up.   Item-wise, an underbuilt item on morgana is Frozen Heart : CDR (utility) + Mana (sustain thanks to your passive) + Armor (survability) + aoe AS reduction makes it an excellent choice for this AP carry. Another item I would go for, sometimes even before Deathcap, is Abyssal Scepter and I'll explain why Frozen Heart and Abyssal Scepter are core items on Morgana. When playing morgana, during lategame, when everyone is grouped as 5, you will flash onto enemy team, then ult + zhonya. The thing is that as you are in the middle of the enemy team, you will shred their magic resistance with the Abyssal Scepter and then you will slow their attackspeed with Frozen Heart. This, added to your damage and your stun, is a lot of utility for just one single champion.   The armor provided by Frozen Heart + mana + CDR  and the magic resistance and the nice ap boost coming from Abyssal Scepter will make you win nearly every teamfight. If you get blue buff , or even with the right masteries, you'll cap the 40% cooldown reduction easily.   My build at the end of the game should look like :   ROA + ZHONYA'S + Boots (merc or sorcerers) + DEATHCAP + ABYSS / Void Staff / FROZEN HEART / Banshee's  [zhonya's being the core item in your build]. You will hit q's for more than 1300 damage.   Another thing I really encourage is configuring a binding for smartcasting E on yourself. This will help you A LOT during laning phase because they won't be able to gank you and kill you if you are above 50 % health. I also turn off smarcast on Q and sometimes W. Landing Q's is absolutely essential as Morgana. Succesful Q's will help you initiate teamfights (with high chances of succes) or getting kills by chasing enemies.While farming, try to land W on all the caster minions because you can't no longer land it on both melee and caster creeps. When you have blue buff, tier2 boots, just clear minion waves as fast as you can with one or two pools and go top or bot for an easy gank as landing Q will ensure you a kill.   As I hope you can feel, I really love Morgana, and in my opinion, she is without any doubt one of the strongest if not the strongest AP carry in the game.   Peace - [sorry for my bad english]
0	One year in middle school I missed the first few days of classes because I was sick and contagious. Since I wasn't there to make my schedule, an assistant in the office was asked to find out what classes I needed so my guidance counselor could enter it into the system.  The assistant told my counselor I should be enrolled in the "special" math class based on my test scores.  She MEANT that I was supposed to be in the advanced class, but the counselor interpreted it as special ed.   The teacher of that class had a policy that on the first day, they discuss the fact that it's a slow-paced class, but after that, they treat it like any other class.  They don't talk about the fact that it's a special ed class.   So I show up several days into classes, and they assume I know.  I actually don't know.  I spent a couple of weeks wondering why we were learning things I learned years ago, and why we were getting an entire class period to do something I could do in under 2 minutes.  Eventually I started getting frustrated because I wasn't learning anything, while friends in classes taught by other teachers were learning cool new things.  I went to my teacher to find out when we were going to learn those things, and she tried to gently explain that we wouldn't, and that I had been placed in this special ed class because I wasn't actually ready for those things yet.  Lightbulb, wrong class. After insisting it was a mistake and a meeting in the office, they got me into the right class.   But during that entire time, I had no idea I was in a special ed class - the kids weren't disabled.  They were "normal" kids. Some were my friends. The students were just like everyone else, except that they were learning lower-level material at a slower rate.
0	Once we had some construction workers building a Save-a-Lot next door and everytime they'd come in they would tip a total of $2 between four people on a roughly $60 check. So one day two of them came in. One ordered a grilled cheese sandwich without a side then decided he wanted a cup of chili. So, Instead of adding it to his sandwich I put it on his Bill seperately. It came out to about $13 for his bill. Needless to say, he was pretty befuddled and asked, '$7.99 for a grilled cheese sandwich?' I simply nodded and I told him yes with a straight face. He said he'd never come back over here. Mission accomplished.
0	apparently, I stood by silently while my inlaws attempted to put together a pack-and-play that was loaned to us. they fussed and muttered over it for about 5-10 minutes trying to get it pop-up and stay up, but it just kept falling down.   I said, how about this lets read that big block of text at the bottom of the thing that looks like instructions. shockingly less than a minute later it was setup.   it's not just men. it's just some people.
0	It's not necessarily a lazy journalist at fault.  I know one journalist whose assigned beat is to cruise the web and see what interesting stuff sites like this are talking about.  She hates it (she didn't get into the job to become a content aggregator; she wants to report on actual news, dammit), but that's what a lot of "news" organizations apparently want, nowadays.   I'd imagine it's substantially cheaper to have a reporter look at Reddit than it is to send a reporter out of the office to actually, you know,  do journalism  or anything.
1	Early on? Not sure. I don't think so though. Her full level 6 combo (without any auto attacks) is (lvl 3 e=170)+(lvl 2 w=160)+(lvl 1 r=300) + (lvl 6 ignite= 170) = 800 (170 of it true damage, 2 different healing debuffs). Plus the idea is to jump right behind them so you can buster shot them towards your turret/outer wall so they have to run past you, even if they flash, which lets you easily get off at least 3 or 4 auto attacks (which would be around 80-90 dmg each) for ~1120-1160 dmg. (Kog Maw has highest base health of ad carries at 6 -- 944 -- but they usually wont be full health of course). Obviously these numbers aren't taking resistances into account. Either way, Ignite would often be overkill. And let's not even get into whether or not you can push them into turret aggro.   Kinda late so I don't want to figure out Corki's burst. That being said, I can't say that Trist's is better, only that it's fantastic.   The passive on her e (which pushes her lane) seems to be her only drawback early game (and her range when against caitlyn, like every other ad carry). But it's a positive in the situations where it is advantageous to push. If you ward the river well there is not much danger in pushing the lane because of your w and it makes it more difficult for the enemy to last hit, but makes it harder to engage (which you can still do fairly low level, definitely by 6, if you make sure you get the kill/assist so that you can w back out).   Then when you get to late game and have ie pd lw and a 90% asp boost for 7 seconds (2.1 asp total iirc) and the longest base range in the game, which starts at level 13 I believe, plus your w for positioning (which resets on kill/assist) you are a fucking  GOD . I don't understand why she isn't played more. Perhaps because high elo/pro games don't usually make it to late game (total speculation) and this trickles down? I don't know, I watch a fair amount of streams and don't think that's exactly accurate. But she is Soooo good late game and such good early burst to get her fed. Damage like kog maw but much safer, as she has an outright escape (w) plus r (which damages 1 target but can push as many people back that are in its radius). Tristana is god-like in my opinion. I really don't understand why she's not played all the time.   EDIT: I bet Corki's the better carry midgame though, when tristana is transitioning from her laning phase (magic dmg burst) to late game (aspd buff and items to a lesser extent, because it's not hard to rack up kills early).
1	Winning a game is easy, but you cannot rely on Solo Queue to carry you. You need to carry your team to win a game, true you cannot always carry cos eventually you will run into a team who plays better than yours.   I play Caitlyn ADC and i can pretty much carry any game unless the team uber feeds or i have a bad laning phase which i can do at times cos im not the best and there is always players who are better.   Over 30 games i lost 6, 3 of those were down to afker from start the other 3 were down to me having a bad lane or a bad support.   I was always on a 5:1 KD ratio in all games finishing some games with 20+ kills.   If you have a bad laning phase you need to spend the midgame farming everything, a well fed/farmed champion can carry any game.. but if you arent farming or killing then you will fall behind and struggle.
1	Sorry im just tried of seeing people say his passive is bad, it seems like they just repeat what other people say rather than looking into it.   To put this into prespective...   His abilities with fury do aprox twice as much damage.   He gets 5 fury every auto attack and fury for every ability used, during his ult he gains 5 fury  per second , combined with with his autoattacks and abilities, this is a huge amount.   Now his passive lets him gain 50% fury when under half health from  ALL SOURCES . This means 10 fury per autoattack, 10 fury per second, double fury for every non fury ability used.   It is very deceptive as it is one of the biggest damage steroids in the game, and an excellent bait tool.
