1	Has nothing to do with the subject as a whole... and wether means castrated male goat, so I guess I like goats.     He has a red beard I have a black beard.     People aren't flaming him, they're just disagreeing with his actions.     Your first bullet is toxic; practice what you preach.       TD;LR
0	My girlfriend says in general I don't really have a lot of taste. And my diet consists mostly of meat (I'm planning on having a heart attack in the next 5 years based on the way I eat), so far as I know I'm not diabetic.   But she does say the tastes depends on how long it's been since we've done it.
1	Here's the problem.   You're right. It probably wasn't just for those 5 cases. Almost definitely wasn't for those 5 cases. I would say there's an easy 90%, probably closer to 98% chance that it definitely was not  only  those 5 cases that got him banned (I hate using 99%). But...   Those 5 cases are all that are showed to us. That's all we have to use to judge someone guilty or innocent. That's it. Those 5 cases. Most of us are not Riot employees, and we cannot do a huge League background check on players to see how many times they have been reported, or what their pre/post game chat looks like, or whatever indication of toxicity shows that they need to be banned.   We don't have that. We have 5 cases. Those 5 cases do not support a ban. So...what? What were people voting on, then? The idea of "well, he's probably been way worse outside of these 5 cases"?   That's definitely how the Tribunal should work. Assumption. Not what is presented (which does not seem to support a ban, yet was voted by the majority to do so), but what we assume exists in the background.   It just is a dumb way to justify Tribunal verdicts like these. "Well, he was probably much worse than this, we just didn't get to see it!" If we didn't see it, it didn't happen. Or we could change the name to The Witch Trials.
1	I'll assume you type the default style where you have your hand stationary and don't really sway your hand left and right when typing unlike me and many other people since you find pressing Z with your thumb easier than Ctrl with your pinky, correct me if i'm wrong there. Its interesting though and i'd like to dig into it cause the way most players use their key-bindings is related to how they type. If you tend to use your pinky to only press the Shift key when typing while the other three fingers do the rest of the typing its highly likely that you play with your pinky in reserve to press Shift or Ctrl.   That being said I do type and play like that due to habits and find typing with my pinky extremely strange. I'd assume anyone who doesn't like the 'default' Ctrl + Q/W/E/R to level up their spells also has learnt the more traditional typing style with each finger assigned to a line of keys rather than moving your hand around and over each side of the keyboard.   On a more useful note though just because a LCS player uses X, Y and Z keybindings doesn't mean you will adapt to it and play better. Its best to find out how you normally type on a keyboard and mold your keybindings around your hand placement when you type since there are many different keybinding layouts.
0	I worked at Boston Pizza and I had a hard end shift time of 10:30pm (last bus) because otherwise I have to walk for almost an hour to get home. I told them I realize that shifts don't end at that time so don't book me for closing shifts.   They always booked me on 8pm ends, and had me stay due to people not showing. Then at 10:30 when I tell the kitchen manager I have to go, he would say I can't and that I should wait until he's done so he can drive me home.   Yeah I want to wait until 2 for the restaraunt to close, then another hour or two for him to do back office stuff. Are you fucking kidding me?   I left there on good terms and begrudgingly went back when I lost a different job due to starting school again. In the interview I explicitly told them I  absolutely  had to leave at 10:30 at the latest on weeknights, and if they couldn't handle that they shouldn't re-hire me. They said it was fine.   FIRST FUCKING SHIFT they tried to pull that exact same shit on me. The kitchen manager yells at me "If you leave now don't bother coming back" So I threw a pizza on the ground, put up both middle fingers and said fuuuuuck you and walked out.   Always wanted to do that, and it was even more satisfying than I could have ever imagined.
1	If you shut down anybody and stop their gold income they're useless. This is no different when it comes to Rengar. Yes he's strong, yes once you get a Trinity Force on him (just like Jax and Poppy) he gets Tanky. Get over it.
0	You are aware that its about FINDING A CURE right? also are you under the impression that they are going to be like "we found a cure for cancer, but ONLY breast cancer. Damn people sure should have worn more colors!"
0	Pretty much the whole old testament goes on about the ages of the Patriachs, Genesis 5.31-6.3   > ^30 And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters: ^31 And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died. ^32 And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth.  ^1 And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born to them, ^2 That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of which they chose. ^3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.
1	Bad supports are horrible to lane with but a win is doable from a adc point of view. The other way not so much.  I am just a gold pleb support but I can still play reasonably well against a bad matchup. From experience I saw that even if I play really poor, that one magic ability I land towards end game can win us the game, although a adc that's doing really poorly can not have that one magical ability at the right time and win because adc's need to do what they are intended to do: kill shit from the back line.   They depend too much on items and positioning to be a workable factor even when behind with a average team, where as supports don't rely that much on items (2 of them pretty much) and positioning is a smaller requirement when all you have to do is just hit a skill or two to win that team fight.   I know people will come and say "as a support you should focus on peeling or assisting the guy who's carrying you, not the adc who went 420yolomode in lane and lost it", that's the most logical thing anyone would do but what happens when there isn't that one guy who could carry with my assist?
1	I fucking love reading Chauster's response he just doesn't seem to give a shit its genuinely funny and enlightening, he clearly cares about CLG. Its just funny to read how honest he is.
0	Aye, and it seems a lot of people are so radical about their atheism that they begin to manifest the same flawed properties that many theists do, just under the banner of "Science".   Agnosticism is the way to go, either way, really; agnostic atheism or agnostic theism, where essentially you're saying "I don't  know  if there is a deity, but I do/don't believe in one (or more)."   Gnosticism is where you 'do' know and you take your stance depending on your 'knowledge'. Although you cannot establish scientifically in any way that there is a God that exists and the burden of proof  is  on theists, you cannot say that a God cannot exist on the premise of there not being proof.   There is one person I 'know', whom is an honest Christian but an excellent scientist at heart as well. He understood well that under the scientific method and through logic he couldn't argue for Christianity being 'true'; he'd always held his religion as his personal belief and would go as far as to argue for agnostic atheism rather than Christianity. It's the  one  instance I've seen (and accepted the idea of) where someone clear-mindedly neglects logic in lieu of any other reason (perhaps comfort, emotion or whatever) and is able to see the errors of it, without faltering.   I'll always respect the man that can say he's not reasonably 'correct' and would argue otherwise, but making the exception for himself because it only needs to affect him.
0	Day dreaming = not ADHD   This comment sums it up perfectly   OP: /u/TheBananaKing   >ADHD is about having broken filters on your perception.   >Normal people have a sort of mental secretary that takes the 99% of irrelevant crap that crosses their mind, and simply deletes it before they become consciously aware of it. As such, their mental workspace is like a huge clean whiteboard, ready to hold and organize useful information.   >ADHD people... have no such luxury. Every single thing that comes in the front door gets written directly on the whiteboard in bold, underlined red letters, no matter what it is, and no matter what has to be erased in order for it to fit.   >As such, if we're in the middle of some particularly important mental task, and our eye should happen to light upon... a doorknob, for instance, it's like someone burst into the room, clad in pink feathers and heralded by trumpets, screaming HEY LOOK EVERYONE, IT'S A DOORKNOB! LOOK AT IT! LOOK! IT OPENS THE DOOR IF YOU TURN IT! ISN'T THAT NEAT? I WONDER HOW THAT ACTUALLY WORKS DO YOU SUPPOSE THERE'S A CAM OR WHAT? MAYBE ITS SOME KIND OF SPRING WINCH AFFAIR ALTHOUGH THAT SEEMS KIND OF UNWORKABLE.   >It's like living in a soft rain of post-it notes.   >This happens every single waking moment, and we have to manually examine each thought, check for relevance, and try desperately to remember what the thing was we were thinking before it came along, if not. Most often we forget, and if we aren't caught up in the intricacies of doorknob engineering, we cast wildly about for context, trying to guess what the fuck we were up to from the clues available.   >Perhaps you're getting an idea of why we have the task-management skills of a five-year-old - and why we tend to have an "oh fuck" expression on our face whenever you interrupt us in the middle of something.   >On the other hand, we're extremely good at working out the context of random remarks, as we're effectively doing that all the time anyway. I've lost count of the times my wife has said "Hang on... how the hell did you know what I was talking about?"   >We rely heavily on routine, and 90% of the time get by on autopilot. You can't get distracted from a sufficiently ingrained habit, no matter what useless crap is going on inside your head... unless someone goes and actually disrupts your routine. I've actually been distracted out of taking my lunch to work, on several occasions, by my wife reminding me to take my lunch to work. What the? Who? Oh, yeah, will do. Where was I? um... briefcase! Got it. Now keys.. okay, see you honey!   >Quite often, if there's too much input, we can get kind of overwhelmed, like a new puppy surrounded by excited children. It's a flustery, unpleasant state to be in, halfway between excitement and anxiety, with no emotional component either way, but all the pacing and twitchiness of both.   >Also, there's a diminishing-returns thing going on when trying to concentrate on what you might call a non-interactive task. Entering a big block of numbers into a spreadsheet, for instance. Keeping focused on the task takes exponentially more effort each minute, for less and less result. If you've ever held a brick out at arm's length for an extended period, you'll know the feeling. That's why reddit, for instance, is like crack to us - it's a non-stop influx of constantly-new things, so we can flick from one to the next after only seconds. It's better/worse than pistachios.   >The exception to this is a thing we get called hyperfocus. Occasionally, when something just clicks with us, we can get ridiculously deeply drawn into it, and NOTHING can distract us. We've locked our metaphorical office door, and we're not coming out for anything short of a tornado. I've sat reading a book on a deathly-quiet country train platform, and not noticed a honking great train pull in about a foot from my nose, until someone tapped me on the shoulder. The same can happen with certain video games - what the fuck, it was light, now it's 4am.   >Medication - ritalin, in my case, takes the edge off. It reduces the input, it tones down the fluster, it makes it easier to ignore trivial stuff, and it increases the maximum focus-time. Imagine steadicam for your skull.   >It also happens to make my vision go a little weird and loomy occasionally, and can reduce appetite a bit.   >Ritalin (non-SR) is in and out of your system within 4 hours - it comes on in half an hour or so, and fades out fairly slowly.   >Is this of any help?
0	Story time!   In fourth grade I had a friend and his name was Kato. He had come to my house a few times to spend the night and I thought it would be cool if we went to his house for a change. He lived in this giant old Victorian house with his grandmother older brother(7th grade) and father. Now his father was in a wheel chair for something. Could not move his legs but could wheel himself around, he talked kinda slow but still communicated fine. We hung out and played Nintendo until his older brother came home late around 6pm instead of right after school like he was supposed to. They found out his older brother was out and about and stole some stuff from a swap meet. So his dad starts yelling at him in front of us and his grandmother. It gets to the point were his father tries to discipline the older brother but him being handicap made it hard. His older brother fought him off a few times before he ran to the stairs. At this point his brother turned and started taunting his father with stuff like "Oh come up the stairs if you can cripple old man, try and get me, come on you can do it, oh wait you cant walk ahahahah" It got to the point were his dad clawed his way out of his wheel chair and started climbing the stairs on his hands. While he was trying to climb the stairs the older brother would push him down the stairs a few steps or slap him in the face while he was trying to make it up the steps. All while taunting him calling him cripple. It ended with the older brother laughing as he went up the stairs to his room. His father sat crying at the bottom of the steps, out of his wheel chair and his grandmother crying and yelling at the older brother. Kato was in tears but not making any noise. After his dad got back in his chair his grandmother came to me and said "Come child ill take you home now". I asked if Kato wanted to come spend the night and she said it wouldn't be a good idea for him to stay over at my place. Kato left my school after a month and I really never heard from him again. Kinda sad, wonder what happened to him.
0	The problem is theory, and manufacture.... let me put this in other terms.   When you think 4 wheel drive, you think, what? "Big Truck/SUV" of course.   Now, as you stated, 4 wheel drive does help it go... but it should also help it stop in that unlike a frontwheel or rear wheel drive vehicle it doesn't have any wheels free. They are all going the rate of the engine (depending on if it's a full time or part time 4 wheel drive but that's not the argument here. for simplicity sake, I'll be talking part time) Now, this gives it added traction when starting, and if done right should help it stop.   But as you said before it doesn't. This is because the traction gain while significant, still has to slow down. With the lessened traction this is fairly difficult depending on your momentum.   Which, considering that we're talking a large truck/suv is substantial... which is why they slide off into ditches and intersections.   So, what's the solution? Well small 4 wheel drives (like subarus) would help... but what would help more is to learn a skill most don't know about.   Engine breaking. If you downshift your vehicle (and you can do this in automatics by putting it into 2nd or 1st also) your engine will rev higher and then slow down because it can't do those speeds in that gear. However, and this is crucial, the wheels are still spinning and not locked up. Meaning it's an actual slowing and not a skidding. You can turn and do other things if need be because you haven't lost your grip.
1	He doesn't relate to ANY other given hint at all. Riot is smart enough to not reveal something like this with a filename. It may be a veigar skin, sure. Not Ultimate.
1	While I agree with your point, I feel like the most popular game in the world would have a good shot at having a successful MMO. (If done well)   Edit: >'If done well.' Was I the only one that read that part?   I guess so, because a few people seem to think that its IMPOSSIBLE for a League MMO to ever happen ever, because Riot currently doesn't have the staff/time/interest to work on it. Riot wouldn't even have to do it! They could just oversee it, and have another established company do the nitty gritty.   Honestly, I don't understand the downvotes, at the time I'm fairly certain I was the only one saying that, so it helped the discussion along. I realize that an MMO is incredibly complicated and time consuming to make.   The thing that really really helped WoW get where it got was simply it's popularity. Which I think is why League would TOTALLY have a shot, being an extremely popular game.   But, personally, I think a Singleplayer/Co-op game would totally be enough, have Lore driven campaigns for the more well known champs, if the Lore was in a stable place, and current lore was set in stone, I don't see why it wouldn't eventually be possible.
0	As part of my 2013 weightloss regime, I was walking home from college which was a good 4 miles. It was getting dark because of Winter nights.   I was walking a long a road going through a village, about 300 meters to the right of that road there is a paralell road with houses on it, it's sort of down a hill so you can see over the tops of the houses.   I saw an orange glow in clouds, it was a reflection from a massive fire along those houses, the houses were more like small-holdings than what you'd picture and they were spaced out.   I climbed on top of a little wall to get a better view, My friend and I thought we could see windows and that it was a house in a blaze. We were running to get a better view to see what it was. I was mentally preparing myself for heroics,  although that seems arrogant, I have no other way of describing it, it's a very weird feeling. A mixture between cold-calculations, risk-assessment and adrenaline .   When we got a better look it was a farmer burning a whole heap of stuff. It just happened to resemble a house, (yes it was that big).   I carried on walking and although I was glad nobody was hurt or in-danger, I got a bit disappointed that I couldn't be the hero. Does this make me a dick? I have no idea. But I am being honest.
0	personally, i like curvy, voluptuous women.
0	I feel your pain brother, I just got my first tax return in 6 years, I drive all the time 50 miles one way, deal with her new 'man' trying to tell me stuff about what I'm 'doing wrong'. Get harrassing messages about CS from her when I was between jobs and so was her new 'man' so on so forth, which I'm sure you are aware!
1	First of all, whoever downvoted me, please try and remember reddiquette. It's silly to downvote someone because they shared an experience they had in game.   Now, @karnoculars, you're already talking about level 6 and beyond. One of Udyr's greatest strengths is his lack of an ulti. From 1-5 Udyr has a rather sizable advantage (going W E W Q W, leveling W first, Q second, and E third) in that he can see when you are about to frenzy him, turtle up, and retaliate with a tiger DoT. Going cloth 5 pot gives you immense sustain while doing this, and you should be able to focus solely on farming with minimal interruptions for trading damage.   Again, this is anecdotal, as I've only played this lane once, but if you play Udyr pseudo-passively like this, focusing on farming, you can at worst be even with the Voli. In my case, I was actually zoning him just by farming and popping bear occasionally to scare him off. Getting Ninja Tabi and Wriggle's makes you tanky vs his damage, give you sustain, and some DPS. I don't see how a Voli would be able to trade with you in that situation. Combine that with Udyr's (OP) ability to escape (turtle bear turtle bear until you're safe) and you have an unbeatable laning opponent.   Udyr's biggest (arguably only) weakness is his necessity to be in melee range to do ANYTHING. Volibear doesn't have anything in his kit that allows ranged harass, so he can't really beat Udyr in lane.
0	Being a black male in college is pretty damn sweet.     They don't have enough so standards are low. [This kid with non-perfect scores was accepted to every single Ivy league college.]( Sure he's african, but he's also male, he's a minority of minority.     Once you get there you have lines of black women lining up for you. My roommates would play nba 2k14 and have at least 10 girls just drop by and hang out at any time to watch.     You're assumed to be an athlete or friends with the football players.       But there are downsides.
1	Im getting real tired of butthurt big ego type of players. If you say stuff like, "Can you buy wards mid" "Stop roaming bot and take mid tower.." and  other legit pro tips. PPL will ask the other players to report you cause apparently its "toxic" and "flame".   everyone thinks they are so pro that if you try to teach them anything at all, they will consider it flame and report you, and make the other team report you aswell. This dosent just happen once in a while, but pretty damn often. I have no clue why ppl are so easily offended, in every sport, game whatever thats competetive, ppl are yelling at eachother, "flaming" and so on, its just how it works. If 1 guy is major fucking it up for others, he deserves to get flamed(Dont get me wrong, dying 1 time, is not what i mean) but some ppl will never ever listen to calls and do their own shit, resulting in the other 4 players losing, but noone will ever get banned for this. Cause apperently saying "Can you listen to the fucking calls before you destroy the whole game dickhead" is 10 times worse...
1	it wasn't just chaox. many old players including doublelift talked about uzi, devil (namei), and other talented chinese players around the same time or even before as well. Back during season 2 when there were more international tournaments, tsm, clg etc did get to clash with chinese teams that held famous players like tabe, whitez. Why do you think CLG kept trying to go east to compete in ogn and the like while TSM stayed in NA way back?   I remember there used to be a vlog of doublelift talking about getting to watch Namei play and cs. If i remember correctly, he complimented Namei by saying how his play looked the cleanest out of any adc players he had the opportunity to watch and his play style looked almost effortless in lane etc etc. As for Chaox talking about uzi when no one did, i believe that was because he was an actual pro player and not a caster. Anyone who followed up on the chinese team knew uzi was amazing. Royal did beat OMG during season 3 finals after all. The casters, along with the majority of the world didnt really get a chance to talk much about uzi since the attention was elsewhere (partially due to montecristo joining the analyst desk and would only talk about korean teams =p). If we had a "montecristo like" person that followed the chinese league also come and join the analyst desk, they would have most definitely talked about uzi.   being honest, i think the research was underdone -_-.
1	This will probably get buried, hey ho, not even sure this really fits in this thread or another thread about SotL but here goes.   People want LoL to be big, be an e-sport, etc and there is this current affairs program which has the potential to be something great within the community- a place where people can get news for the week, hear the opinions of pro players, all that good stuff. Travis wants this to happen and the viewers of SotL no doubt want this to happen as well but it's being held back by a number of things as I'm sure people can see.   The biggest problem, imo, comes from the innate troll-iness that happens in the game. (If you've ever stopped caring about the game and given away (near) free kills, you have trolled at some point). The guests on the show make their money by streaming solo queue, which is 5-6 hours daily of having trolls and bad players in their games and so naturally it rubs off on them, their behaviour and their language. Even though I didn't see the Christmas episode, I can read the "best bits" of Wickd talking about SV's mom, SV talking about hookers, etc, and while this kind of conversion is funny to a lot of people, it isn't going to attract meaningful sponsorship in a million years.   Meanwhile, Travis wants to make a living out of this largely unstructured and unprofessional showcase of top players which, forgive me if I'm wrong, is essentially just a Skype call in his bedroom, right? He would get a lot more from the show (sponsorship, respect, etc) if it looked like the show took a week to put together and not like 5 random people answering random questions on Skype for a couple of hours.
1	If you really want to climb the ladder pick the role you can play best instead of support. You may get AD Carries that aren't as good as you so playing support is kind of pointless then.   It's also the role with the least impact on the game and I would not choose a playmaker support like Alistar or Leona until 1500 elo because people may not follow your engage.
1	Ok this was a waste of time, no news was given, no info was distributed like they said. What wrong riot? Cat got your tongue?
0	Why do these things have to be considered guy things? I have a vagina and it does not prevent me from watching horror movies, playing video games, reading comics, fishing, & playing Magic the Gathering. It does prevent me from peeing while standing or writing my name in the snow.   I honestly have like 2 real girl friends. The rest of my time I am hanging out with guys. If the guys want to incorporate other females into the group I don't care. I will care if she starts whining about how long they're gonna be or that she can't watch this movie it's too scary or that she doesn't understand why we spend all our time on a silly video game. Then it's time for that bitch to go. I don't care if the dude that brought her is trying to bang her, she is annoying & she has got to go.   So I guess it's not that I want to be the only girl in the group, I just want the other girls that come into the group to not be such fucking pussies.
1	As a jungler, I find top laners to be the most annoying. I mean seriously, top lane is prob the easiest to ward, and they shouldn't overextend. Then when the enemy jungler proceeds to kill them they flame me. Every game I feel I should prioritize ganks to bot and mid for dragon control, but it gets hard to do that if top gets destroyed.
1	Try heading over to /r/summonerschool I'm sure there will be someone who can help you. Though your best bet is probably to just keep doing what you're doing. And obviously enjoy yourself.   EDIT: You may also want to included links to a few replays in particular you want analyzed or provide a more specific question. Otherwise you'll get really really vague answers like mine that probably wont satisfy you. Just a tip when asking questions. Maybe ask about a match-up you have trouble with? Or what a good CS milestone should be when playing a certain lane. Maybe post a replay with something like. "We were winning this game at first, at what point did we start to lose?"
0	it's not really an emotional issue. You're just lacking evidence. A goal of mating might be to procreate under some circumstances but saying that it's the only goal is a qualitative assumption disregarding a lot of easy counterpoints.   Obviously mating requires a lot of energy investment, so why would we see it across the population in infertile, post-menopausal women as well as during fertile women during periods of estrus when they are completely unlikely to conceive.   It's worth noting that humans are among the most sexually active of mammals and simultaneously one of the least fertile. If the goal of mating was to procreate, this would give us the lowest return on that energy investment (a smarter mating strategy, if procreation were the only goal, would be to only mate when conditions are most favorable to conception and during times when there is enough resources to support offspring)   It's worth noting that both of those are  DERIVED  traits meaning that they  must  have a advantage in fitness for humans over conserved traits (mating only during "heat").   So essentially, claiming that the mating mechanism is defective without a clear understanding of what mating, in humans, is designed to accomplish is clear misstep.
1	The only reason people still play Elise is because they don't want to get completely shit on like other support junglers do by every other bruiser/aggro jungler.   And that what Elise is now. A support Jungler. Her damage is now shit. Outside of a very mixed results damage build that quite honestly doesn't even seem to do much when the teams it was on won, Elise has been relegated into a Stun bot Bruiser who's damage does more than slightly tickle; which in return she has a horrible late game in comparison to every other support jungler. Her soloq win rate is pathethic, and she has a lower win rate and priority than other top tier junglers.   If the Lee Sin and Eve nerfs go through Elise won't be near as popular, because Elise by herself simply can't stop Mao and the like from shoving their damage reducing, CC spewing, late game scaling cocks down your throat past 10 minutes.
0	I got banned from r/conservative bc i laughed at how they kept talking about an referencing his opinions like they werent absolute swill. Sometimes ill listen for 30 seconds when im scanning the radio in the car, last time he immediately starts talking about what a narcissist Obama was and i couldnt listen for another second... Most hypocritical thing i may have ever heard. He is a joke (who makes more than any other pundit (demagogue?)
0	Jesus this is depressing just having broke it off with my fiancee.   Edit: Since someone asked what happened. I've copy pasted it below.   It's actually because 5 months into the relationship I was talking with another girl, texting. No pictures or anything, but there was flirting. I'll have to explain.   Before her I was in an abusive relationship. The girl I ahd been texting (she doesn't know who it was) was a girl I had been talking to during that relationship. Lived across the country though. We were flirting through text and she saw that. I had stopped it before, and had been planning to tell her everything, but hadn't found the strength to do so. Not sure if I would have found the strength.   Fast forward a few months later, I thought she had forgiven me. Things seemed fine. We were engaged! No ring yet, but we were searching. And when she found the eprfect one I went out and got it in January. I was planning to ask her come summer time in a spot by the lake. Where we had shared one of our first "romantic" moments.   We were together a total of 17 months before she ended it out of the blue. That's when things really took a toll on me. Trying to move past it for the first few weeks and she contacts me. Crying. I was trying to date another girl, but it wasn't the same (never is at first). She hated me for becoming this great guy  after  her. This was beginning of April. I'll have to explain that before continuing.   After she ended it, I started working out and noticing all the other little things I had done wrong. My workout routine was everyday, running and/or lifting. I trained for a Half marathon that I ran a few weeks ago, and I'll be running in the Tougher Mudder soon on July 20th. I started playing guitar again and writing music. I started doing all these things I had forgotten about. I ahd been down on my luck stuck in a depressing job (Still am), but it kept me from really enjoying life until it was too late. There was a bunch of other things I changed, and it pissed her off it seemed.   So, back to the timeline. We went back and forth until I saw her again. I drove out one night, two and a half hours away to where she lived (and where I used to live with her), to see her. We talked on the phone the whole way. We ended up having sex before I went home. We planned on seeing eachother again later that week. (By this time I had called it off with the other girl, I liked her a lot, but things felt unfinished at the time).   She ended it a second time, citing that we had to start moving on. Well, this would happen a third time! Where we met and started talking. Hung out again and everything for the day and I stayed the night. Before, you guessed it, she ended it again.   Fast forward two/three weeks. She calls again. This is where she said she really wanted to try again. So we ended up living together for two weeks, she said we were both "single" but trying. That she needed time to clear her head before jumping back into it. But she wanted me there. She was in school and finals were coming up, so I thought it was a good idea to just feel things out.   Two weeks, and we went out on dates, I took care of the house work while her and her roomates were in class, I cooked for all of them, went out and had fun. I even became closer with her best friend, in a good way! Something I hadn't done before. Everything was going great. And she ended it  again . Called it quits.   That's when I pretty much broke. That was a true "I fucking snapped" moment. Not in anger, just not wanting to even move. There's a lot of great things that happened between her and me during those two weeks that I obviously didn't write out. Which just made it all feel like things were getting better. She ended it because she said, in her words, "I can't trust you again. You broke my heart and my trust." It had been the fact I had been flirting with that other girl. She couldn't get passed it a year later.   The worst part, during our break inbetween she was seeing other guys. Not when we lived together, but other times. She saw three other guys that all told her they didn't want to go any further. That they weren't ready for a relationship. And I took it for whatever reason.   So what did I find out after? Two days later, she had another guy visit her and hang out at her house. That guy would later have sex with her before telling her he didn't want anything to do with her. So, four guys told her that. She now associates me as a guy who doesn't deserve a second chance. This is now... Oh... 7 weeks after she ended it last?   The worst part? I still felt bad. After everything. Even though she was already with another guy. I felt bad for her, I still wanted to make ehr feel better for whatever reason.   My body is in shape. I have my six pack back, gained 30 lbs on muscle and a beach body. Can play some kickass guitar songs and sing too. Got back into pottery, throwing on the wheel, went out to L.A. because Microsoft invited me out. And a ton of other great shit with the Tough Mudder event to look forward to.   So at least i got that going for me.
1	This probbaly goes agaisnt what most people are saying but i havent had much succes with him since the buff. I played him 3 time(which is a sample too small to says if hes viable) and i had very little succes with him   I had a great ganks, decent clear time and insane buff control but it just wasnt enought. In the 3 games, I probbaly had something like 60% of their wraith and we went in their jungle and stole almost every single buff but i still lost 2 of them.   One game went on to long and it reached the point where i did nothing(other than a sweet Baron steal) I did no damage, they had to many ways to interupt my ult(even with banshes) and my bloodboil wasnt enought to warrant a double support.   The other game, 3 of us got caught by the tele+global combo they had and the game reverse-snowballed afer that attempt at golem   The problem is that nunu is still very high risk/low reward. You need succefully to invade to stay even with the other jungler and if you fail you can setyouserlf behind. counterjungling while behind is incredibly hard to do so you lose your main trick. Nunu is a very team reliant jungler because even if you steal every buff your mid can still lose. You cannot directly impact in the game and you can only hope you lane will do well when you give them the advantage. For that reason, i doupt he is viable in soloQ but i can see him behing a monster in competitive play   Champion like shyvana, udyr, mundo and skarner still clear way to fast and there are very little room to steal their stuff  because they glide throught the jungle dispensing death. The only thing you can actually counterjungle is their buff and after stealing the first set they jsut grouped at the buff and denied our attempt   Other champion like Nautilus, maokai, malphite, amumu generaly get most of their gold with the gp5 ad gank.  The counterjungling wont cripple them that badly and sthey still do very well with little items. Even if they only have shurelia, Hog, boots and aegis/frozen heart at the 50min mark they still have more engadge power and you cc than you do. They will win in teamfight because their ability set is better than yours   Against jungler that are farm depending(but not ultra fast)  nunu is a beast . With the help of you mid you can do insane stuff and completely denie thier jungler.  i was a against a nocturne the game i won and he couldnt do anything   I feel like Nunu is very close to viability but i needs a small boost to his consume(so it has a use lategame). Maybe a debuff that amplify damage of soemthing...
1	I'm kind of confused about this. You said that you believe they haven't considered the idea that Darius might be overpowered, how do you know that's the case? I realize they haven't posted on the forums and said, "You know what, he might be too strong."   But with the outrage and overreaction on the forums, doing something like that would only cause the community to say, "IF HE MIGHT BE STRONG, WHY AREN'T YOU NERFING HIM?!"
1	redeys25 No, this is because there has been a massive boost in members on LoL. Riot did already know that the servers as they are now can not host to that many users as is needed and they bought more servers to be added to the the existing. The new servers are in frankfurt and the main reason for them not to add the servers ( I saw in a red post that they will do it in the off-season(in a topic about why we the Europeans had to use US servers in ranked games)) is that it would take about 1.5 - 2 days to add theese servers and check everything before they could open the servers. Here I am left with a feeling that theese 4 days could have been avoided if they THREE months ago would have added those FUCKING servers that they have. I can only have disrespect when talking about Riot because they should have known that more users were inevitable when DreamHack is the largest Lan in the world and people watch it. Riot does also have employees from Europe who are well aware that school is almost over - or over for most people here in Europe. ( for their main target - the 15- 20 year olds). So Riot are fucktards when it comes to this because this shitstorm could have been avoided three fucking months ago, now they have to listen to this shit till they have those 1.5 - 2 days downtime.
0	A few years back, maybe in 2010, my grandfather decided to buy a computer and learn about this crazy thing called Internet, and called me for help so I could teach him how to use (the most simple things like, how to turn it on and off, how to type, how to read emails). I had the chance to give him maybe five or six classes before his health declined and he passed away.
1	There's a specific YouTube video showing Dyrus and Regi butting heads. Regi was yelling at Dyrus for having an attitude and Dyrus made a comment along the lines of "You always do this. You always keep harping on people when the argument should be over. You only do it to Xpecial and me too." Disclaimer - That's some EXTREME paraphrasing based on memory, keep in mind. I discovered that video when Xpecial was released and as soon as I saw that I got terrified for Dyrus's job security.
0	The comments to this are the straw that's broken the camels back, time to unsubscribe to adviceanimals. Yes, the motorcyclists were at fault, however they do not "deserve to be paralyzed". Somebody made an excellent point in another post about this. Most of the bikers probably did  not  see what happened, simply saw a guy coming off his bike, stopped to see what was going on, saw the same guy mow down 3 motorbikes TWICE and hightail it. Tell me with that information and a 180MPH super bike you would not chase the fucker down and beat the living shit out of him?   Remember, a crowd is only as smart as it's stupidest member.   EDIT: if you wanna hop on the bandwagon of downvoting me:
0	I certainly do respect combat veterans, they are braver than I.   But simply joining the military does not automatically grant you universal respect. My husbands cousin joined the army, went through basic training, jumped out of a few airplanes, and suddenly he's "fighting for our country." He's never seen a day of combat in his life, yet somehow he feels that he merits the respect of true veterans. He then had the audacity to say that if Obama is reelected he will move to Australia because he "refuses to fight for a liberal country." Nevermind the irony that Australia has socialized healthcare, a strong social safety net, and is quite liberal; but he really has the nerve to brag about protecting our freedom only to threaten to leave when Americans exercise that freedom in a way he may not agree with?  It's infuriating, and positively un-American. What ever happened to,  I may not agree with what you say, but I'll fight to the death to defend your right to say it.
1	Thank you for writing up, what has helped me so much these past few hours. I read your entire post, took it into action, and 3 hours earlier I was Bronze III, Now, I am Gold V.
1	This will sound cheesy, but seriously: BE WHO YOU WANT TO PLAY WITH. Avoid raging. Criticize fairly. Support your teammates. Admit your mistakes. Be positive. If you're frustrated, admit it, and try to step your own game up and ask for help.   If people react like jackasses to this, don't bother with them. If you find people of equal mindset, thank them for the game and maybe even friends list them to play your way out of the lower levels together. Jackasses bring out the worst in me sometimes, but I always try to come back with a better mindset and if I feel like raging, say nothing at all.
1	I don't play Ryze anymore but i think he's really viable. He's one of the few tanky AP dps, imo a good champion to counter divers with (irelia, lee sin etc) because sure they may dive over your tanks and shit but when they get there they hit the brick wall Ryze with 3000hp and lots of armor and mr to go along with a strong (and here's where i think Ryze really lacks) single target damage output. He really lacks when it comes to aoe and dealing damage to multiple champions. His E is pretty abysmal damage wise and the splash from his ulti? I don't know since it was so long since i played him or saw him in a game even (i've improved a lot since then) but it doesn't do an awful lot of damage.
0	Time for a story. In 8th grade my class went to D.C. For a field trip. For people who haven't been there to go anywhere you have to walk through a metal detector with an armed guard next to it. We went there around  winter time so I went everywhere with my hands in my pockets to keep them toasty warm. Well we got up to one of the detectors I'm just moving on through with my hands in my pocket when I hear someone say something. I couldn't hear it so I kept moving (I spend a little too much time with my headphones up too loud with caused me to be a little hard of hearing). So anyway I take a couple more steps and then I hear something again and look over to see a big black guard looking towards me starting to get out of his chair. Does anyone have those moments where you think you didn't hear something then you realize what they said. Well I lean towards him (hands still in pockets) and ask, "What?" Just in time to realize he said, "You have nothing to say just take your hands out of your pockets". Well when I leaned in he reached down for his gun and is completely out of his chair coming towards me. Needles to say I panicked quickly pulled my hands out of my pocket he panicked started fumbling to quickly pull his gun out. I just stood there with my hands up and when he finally realized I was unarmed sat back down. I didn't have any guards come at me from then in (at least in that building) but I did keep notice the same guard kept ending up in the same room with me for the rest of that tour.
0	tried that once. backfired. went something like this:   She snaps. I ask how her day was. She gets defensive: "Why? Oh, It was  great . How was  your  day? (in the most frightening tone)
1	solo queue tier list or not, its all bullshit. A good varus can destroy lucian or twitch and vice versa. I understand that it just might be his opinion but if popular streamers start putting out tier lists, lots of champs will just go to death because people will only play the hip ones instead of trying other champs.  And guess what the %winrate of tier 3 adcs[according to gosu] are in SOLOQ? 50%+ . I rest my case, player>champion.
0	As long as you drink a lot of water, are not obese, and get modest amounts of cardio (say 60 minutes a week of good intensity work), you can pretty much eat all the salt and carbs you want without harm.   Many people don't understand that salt doesn't cause high blood pressure.  Salt causes water retention, so people with hardened arteries will experience higher blood pressure with high salt intake increasing plasma volume.  More liquid in a circulatory system that isn't as elastic as it needs to be causes higher blood pressure and creates micro-tears in artery walls that are 'healed' by clumps of LDL cholesterol.  Over time, these build on themselves over and over until they can tear away and land in the brain(stroke) or heart (heart attack) and kill you.   Salt is not to blame, the hardened arteries are.  Salt doesn't make your arteries hard, so reducing intake doesn't help unless you already suffer from this disorder.   The same is true of sugar.  Sugar doesn't cause insulin resistance in the vast majority of the population.  Sugar makes insulin resistance worse in those who are already obese.  >20% of daily calories in simple sugar PLUS obesity is how you become diabetic.  A modestly active person of healthy weight can eat 30 or even 40% of their calories in simple sugar and your body will chew through it like a champion no problem.
1	There is a 100% effective way to get toxic players to stop talking, and that is to mute them. I honestly think that aggressively using the mute button has won me more games than any single improvement in skill. Don't wait for the flame wars to start, don't wait for halfway through the game after you've already died twice by typing or reading chat during a dragon fight. Someone was raging in the pregame lobby? Mute their ass the second you get in game. Teammates keep responding to them? Mute everyone. Chat is way overrated, you can say everything you need to with pings.   Sure, trolls can do actively detrimental things like walling you off, but when you don't have the distraction of whatever they're saying, you will personally play much better. And that's all you can ever really hope for in yolo queue, self-improvement. Trollers gonna troll, and there's not much you an do about it. Mute them and move on, and you might be able to pull a victory from a lost game or two.
0	Warning: Wall of text, but I thought I'd try to be helpful.   It's not your fault.  The terms are (most likely intentionally) mixed up by many.  To clarify for you:   An assault rifle is a rifle (duh) that fires an intermediate size cartridge (larger than a pistol, but smaller than a battle rifle) and is capable of select fire (has a switch that can change it from semi-automatic, which is one shot per trigger pull, to either burst or fully-automatic).  It should be noted that assault rifles made after 1986 are not legal for civilian ownership.  Ones from before then are horrendously expensive.   An assault weapon is a legal term, formerly it had meaning across the US due to the 1994 assault weapons ban which expired in 2004, and now has meaning only in the three (I think) states which have assault weapon ban laws on the books.  The definition of an "assault weapon" varies by state as each has defined it differently.  In all cases it often includes various cosmetic rather than functional definitions like if the stock can be adjusted in length to match your shoulder, if there is a barrel shroud to keep you from burning your hand, etc as well as listing numerous guns by name rather than any feature of the gun.   The issues with the assault weapon bans are numerous and include things like "Because the handle is different one of these two guns that are in all other ways identical is an assault weapon and one isn't" and "because the manufacturer changed that name that gets stamped into the metal on the side it's no longer an assault weapon".   This is why gun owners shit all over "assault weapon" because not only is it very clearly in violation of the constitution but on top of that the people enacting these laws are being complete morons about it.  It's like trying to ban porn by saying that all porn with precisely 3 penises in it (unless all penises are wearing lime green condoms), or was shot at an aspect ration of 1:1.6 or wider, and all videos with the word "Lesbian" in their title on porn hub are illegal.   A big issue for the looking at things in pictures is that the visual appearance and the functionality of these guns are not in any way related.  The bit that actually matters is inside the gun, and rarely makes any impact on the look of the gun.  An AR-15 for instance can be made to fire anything from .22lr all the way up to .50 BMG bullets.  They can be made semi auto, burst, or full auto (note: they can be physically made this way, legally doing this is complicated and expensive to the tune of buying a new car).  They can be made with barrels from 7 inches to 28 inches without affecting any of the previous.  They can have lights and lasers and scopes all over them, or be just bare metal.   And for those who say "AR-15!  AR!  Assault Rifle!  It's right there in the name!"  No.  It's not.  AR stands for Armalite Rifle.  The company that designed the thing.  Along with the AR-10, the AR-7, the AR-5...
1	I love people who play champs as bot lane support without really knowing why. I can only assume its because riot list her as a support, which is technically true looking at her abilities. However, Riot also list Teemo, Kayle, Lux, Nidalee as supports; you don't often see those bot lane, since they have other strengths. (they can work, obviously, but then most champs can)
1	What I honestly hate about the end of the Season are the people who are like "I got Gold so I don't need to try anymore and just use rank to practice champions cause I'm an LCS material person. I watch <Popular Streamer> do it all the time, how hard can it be ?" They don't realize that they are in Gold and the <Streamer> is in D1/Challenger and actually knows that champion to a certain extent.
1	In general, players should feel empowered to play what they want and to try new strategies; however, this does not give you a license to be disrespectful or rude to your fellow gamers.   Last  paragraph  sentence of Tribunal FAQ #11   > Making games is our business, so it should come as no surprise that we want you to have a lot of fun. We want you to get excited, to have tension-filled moments, and to celebrate your success. This doesnt mean that were okay with you ruining anybody elses day.   If you doing whatever you want ruins the game for 4 or 9 other players, they can report you for it.  Basically, if you're team tells you that they don't want a second jungler and you still pick a second jungler, you're wrong.  If you say that you'd like to run a double jungle strategy and your team is willing to try it, you're fine.   In these instances, you won't be reported for not playing the meta; you'll be reported for being disrespectful of the wishes of your team-mates and ruining the game for them.
0	You don't understand his argument. It isn't a  system of government  it is a description of social history as the result of material conditions. Capitalism is doomed to fail, according to Marxist thought, because the gap between rich and poor will always widen. Remember that he lived during the 19th century; his conception of capitalism is very different than the pseudo-capitalist socialist welfare state of the first world today. Capitalism for Marx is necessarily unchecked as it was for the society he viewed. He saw that the capitalist system produces increasing, not decreasing social inequality. Since every other unequal society eventually reorganized to spread economic benefits, he made the prediction that the Capitalist state was also untenable, and he was right.   Where he was wrong is what followed, which was not a classless society but a society that redistributed wealth in a way expansive enough to preempt a workers revolution but limited enough to preserve class and property. However, as income and property ownership become more unequal today, it is not impossible to imagine that the dismantling of the social safety net and the reckless concentration of wealth that we see could lead to gilded-age conditions that could feasibly produce the same predictions Marx made more than a century ago.   Edit:
1	in your original post, without context, it sounds like a tragedy   however, if you told us how many games you have played in total for this season in ranked, it would probably be justified that you're gaining so little LP from wins. there was a point when I was in P1, too, and only gained 1 point for a win. however, my win rate was still around 65-70% or so after tilting from playing badly / 4v5s from the loading screen and falling down back to P3.   on my climb back up from P3 I was gaining 25-30 per win and only losing 12-16. hell, i failed my diamond promo 2x but got back into it almost immediately each time. now, in diamond, I'm still getting 20-28 per win but losing 15-20 per game.   Riot Lyte recently said (about the Tribunal), no system is perfect and there's bound to be a few mistakes here and there, the key is to find an acceptable amount of said mistakes. Their approach to the league system was to make it become skeptical of your abilities if, as you progress, your win rate begins to shift drastically or something like that
1	Did you hear the way he said "shut the fuck up"? He said it in such a sheepish way, how can you even get mad at that? I understand he said it in a profane way (btw we're talking about gamers here) but if I were regi i would've taken the hint that maybe dyrus was getting slightly annoyed but then he takes it to the next level and starts badgering him about it which would've instigated a fight from me if I was dyrus.
1	free to play, dude!   nah, I think what really sets those games apart is that in every mechanical and design decision S2 was following DotA very strong. Riot kind of tried to remove most elements that hinder people new to the genre to get started. When I tried HoN after playing LoL already quite some time, I didn't really get any easy visual feedback from the game.
1	I'm not sure how many people will actually see this, but if at least one person reads it and takes it into consideration then that's enough for me.   You get quite a thick skin playing league, I mean being told to get aids because you don't play well is hardly pleasant, but you get over that because you realise how ridiculous the whole situation is. But reading through the comments on this thread have made me feel far worse. Being told with such conviction that I'm the follower of a brutal masogynistic religion is tough to swallow.   Let me start off by saying, I completely disagree with the way in which Iran has dealt with this, and I believe that the majority of Muslims would also disagree with this. Iran is not representative of all Muslims, heck having traveled to Iran on holiday, there government and laws are not representative of its own people. The majority of people secretly curse the supreme ayatollah khomenei and his rule in private, but they're too fearful to do so in public. Even though Iran is a brutal country as far as governance goes, females aren't forced to stay in there homes etc, from what I saw the majority of women worked, I met many different women, from doctors to engineers.   Clearly the Iranians have not read the same Quran that I have, the Quran that states that men and women are equal and that men and women are supposed to stand side by side, not one being higher or lower than the other.   I mean, when people come out with these crazy comments about Islam being an extreme and violent religion, do they really believe that 1.6 billion Muslims, a quarter of your fellow men women and children in the world are followers of a warlike and brutal religion? I mean let's think of the big muslim names out there.   Mohammed Ali, Cat Stevens, Malcolm X, Mike Tyson, Jermaine Jackson, Lupe Fiasco, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Akon and heck even that one kid from one direction, Zayn Malik, sure he may produce crap music but he's hardly a brutal misogynistic kind of guy.   I really think the league community is smarter than this, do you tar everyone with the same brush? It's extremely stupid, it's like blaming every European for the holocaust, or every Christian for the crusades and the anti Jewish pogroms, or every Atheist for the atrocities committed by Stalin and Mussolini,  or saying that every European league player plays anivia like froggen because "heck they're all the same" Are you getting my drift yet? Not every european, every christian, every atheist or heck every league player is the same, so why is it that every muslim is the same extremist sort?
1	And Thanks, you may not know me or never get to play with me, but I hold immense respect for you posting this.   I started Ranked in S3 as a fresh 30 thinking it'd be cool to be ranked. Got placed B3 then tilted to B5. From then I decided the only way I could get back up (or the only way I wanted to get back up) is by playing champions I love.   For me the stigma attached to bronze is harsh, but I know when I play well, when I play bad, and I constantly try to make myself a better player.  At the End of Season 3 I managed to return to back where I started. So I was pleased.   I don't think there should be so much hate on bronze players, we're all players and some of us are just waiting for that switch to click and we improve massively, not everyone is gifted at this game, some people need time.
1	In case post gets deleted, here's the self text from 2littlepigs:   Our plot starts like this:   About 2 months ago, a post was made on the League of Legends General Discussion forums announcing the ELO Hellfest (now known as Ryze Up 2012) tournament. Immediately after discovering it, I knew I was going to assemble a team.   A week down the line, our team has officially been created and we filed for registration. The team consisted of myself, my brother, and several of our friends. We were officially registered a couple of weeks after that.   Then, earlier this month, the accounts of my brother and I were both hacked. Upon logging in to both, we discovered match histories full of 'troll' games (champions played included Mundo/Eve, scores were always like 0/10, etc. etc.). However, we chose to ignore this and move on, realizing it must've been a keylogger on our computer.   4-5 days later, both accounts are banned until January 31st. This is several days after the final day for which our round 1 games in the tournament had to be completed.   I contacted the tournament moderator about this issue (Insomnium) and he told me I had to receive approval from the team we were facing, and the two potential teams we would face in the next round.   Long story short, the enemy team refuses to accomodate to this because their leader declared 'it is inconvenient for my team to reschedule the matches'. We had a mature discussion and I explained to him our situation and why he should reconsider, but he conclusively refused to change his team's position.   Players/People like this make me a very sour person :(   Thank you Insomnium, and team 'The Hardcore Caravan' for proving once again that my lack of faith in this community is not misplaced.
1	I feel awkward with her scaling. I try getting a Giant's Belt pretty early, so I can get some damage on her W, but it just feels like she doesn't ever get faster at clearing the jungle.   I can't help but compare her to Amumu, who has mirrors of most abilities. With a Rylai's on Amumu they play really similarly. (Also I hadn't thought about the Skarner comparison before, I believe I would prefer Skarner over her in terms of tanky initiators)   Amumu as least has AP ratios. Amumu at least has the option to throw a Rylai's or Abyssal Scepter into his build if he sees fit for various reasons. After doing so, landing his Q will actually hurt. When he pops his ultimate, it will do some damage.   Sejuani has no option of damage. Not even in a half-optimal form. In addition to naturally meh damage, they give her undesirable AP ratios (except perhaps her ult and even then, Amumu's scales better).
0	Because he's entitled to better treatment than the others.
1	No, im purely pointing out that to generalize and say that ideas have to be both formulated and tested on a large scale before they can be deemed good or bad is complete hogwash.   Also before anyone jumps to the conclusion that im saying this patch is good/bad im not, just purely calling hogwash on the logic of ideas needing to be put into play to know if theyre good/bad
0	If you're watching a "For pennies a day" commercial it's probably for World Vision International.  They admit that  "When you make a gift, your contributions are pooled with that of other sponsors of children in the community where your child lives. Your child receives health care, education, nutritious food, and the entire community benefits from access to clean water, agricultural assistance, medical care, and more."   Their advertising is deceptive as it makes it seem that the money will go directly to the child.   That said, they're a fairly highly rated [charity]( and according to [last year's financials]( only about 14% of donated funds went to overhead and marketing.  They are a religiously founded organization and they do push their beliefs so that's a strike against them.  IMHO, you're better off donating to Doctors Without Borders.
1	This actually kind of happened to me today. We had a hecarim jungle that actually carried our team through early and mid game. Seeing how as our tank jungler was carrying us, we lost every lane (despite getting at least one kill every time he ganked). Anyways, I was playing support (solo queue) with ez adc. We were lanning against a varus/taric. I think we ended the lane around 7-4 in their favor (so I guess 4-7). Hec ganked twice and left us alone the rest of lanning because our top lane was getting killed, literally. It was a jax (our team) against a Garen so naturally Garen has the upper hand. Had Hec not left my lane alone Garen would have snowballed so far out of control that we may have actually lost the game. (if you couldn't tell, we won the game). I'm willing to put money on it that had Hec not helped shut down Garen the game would have gone in a completely different direction.
1	Honestly? Ward and make calls. The more you ward, the more information you have. Do you see the enemy jungler top? Call for your jungler and mid and take dragon. Enemy jungler bot? invade their blue and ward/take it. Wards allow you to keep tabs on the enemy and allow you to make plays. If you can see them and they can't see you, you have a huge advantage in a fight.
1	I'm after reading link's book Can some
0	One time I was in an elevator with my dog and my black neighbor in a black neighborhood (Hartford,CT) said "why is your dog staring at me? Is he racist?"   I have to admit, I was pissed and shocked. First of all, you're my neighbor my dog sees dozens of black people every day.   Next, how is a dog actually racist?   My blood still boils that a woman called Moxie racist.
1	Jiji used to regularly get at least 3k viewers, so it is probable that a large amount of his current group of viewers are fans. Chauster did not stream as frequently as Jiji and when he did, he didn't get as many views.
0	Yep, there are actually no noticeable side effects associated with vasectomies other than a slight increase in testosterone production. A very small percentage of men will suffer some long term pain and discomfort due to the sperm relocating in the epididymis but even then it generally works itself out.
0	She was implying that her decision would be to show them....until she got called on it. It was basically "Hey Look I am a girl on reddit with nipple piercings and like to show them off." When reddit called her on it, she backed out.
0	It was a conscious decision actually. I was at a point in my life where everything I had valued was coming apart in front of me and honestly I was in the pits of despair for a while. I realized the only thing I could control was myself and I made the conscious decision to do whatever I could to improve myself. I was at a point where all I felt was inadequate and disappointed in myself, and I realized only I could change it and that I had to take it one step at a time. If you had told me just 8 months ago that I would go from eating like shit to being a vegetarian and a guy who  has  to work out before he can feel his day is complete, I'd have probably called you a bullshitter and shrugged it off.   As for diet, it took me a total of 3 months before I actually learned how to eat. It took me another month before I implemented it and everyday it's a conscious decision to not take the easy way out and buy that supposedly healthy "lean cuisine" instead of spending 20 minutes cooking. At the time, I was working a 3rd shift job overnight doing menial tasks and luckily management did not care if I listened to audio books so I downloaded everything I could and listened for 8 hours a day everyday on nutrition, diets, and motivational speeches. I listened and I slowly started restructuring my diet. First thing first, I cut down on my sugars and processed foods. I didn't eliminate anything from my diet until this past November. In December I started eating leaner cuts of meats and incorporated vegetables. At first I had no idea what to do with vegetables other than potatoes, corn, mushrooms and onions so I bought vegetable blends and just stir fried it if nothing else. After a long time of not consuming endless amounts of sugars, I realized that vegetables ain't all that bad (I used to think they tasted gross). Starting in January, partly because I found myself spending gross amounts of money on chicken breast, I tried going vegetarian. It was a bit hard, and still is, to learn how to prepare foods ahead of time and how to cook it but it's a work in progress. So far I'm rather enjoying it because now I spend at most 30 minutes a day cooking and I spend roughly $200 a month on groceries now which is roughly $2 a meal. I eat a lot of different legumes, greens, more potatoes than I care to admit, lots of egg whites with the occasional yolk, milk, and snack on fruits. By the way, bananas are amazing at $0.39/lb where I am at, it's a ridiculously cheap snacking food instead of buying beef jerky. Unlike most people, I don't count calories anymore either since it puts me in this strange mindset where I have to eat x amount of food. However, I'm not looking to gain but lose weight and so far it's been working.   As for exercising, I started off actually just walking. It's so simple it flies over our heads. Many of my friends do Beachbody programs and I chose to walk. My objective was to lose weight and be healthier, and frankly, walking is easy on me, gives me time to just wind down and relax, and its been healthy. After about 3 months of walking, I figured I'd give Insanity a try with all of the yooha I got from friends about it. I did it for 30 days before I got bored. To me it felt like glorified cardio and I felt I could get a better cardio session running around my neighborhood. Mind you, running "1 block" on my neighborhood is equivalent to 1 mile (I tested it on Nike+ Run) thanks to being filled with 3 different apartment complexes and a park. Afterwards, I actually went to a gym near my neighborhood but was disappointed by the lack of training the "personal trainer" had and the lack of an actual bench press or squat rack so I resigned myself to exercising at home due to a lack of car.   So I started learning calisthenics. I got onto my computer, as most of us do, and instead of typing in reddit or facebook or something like that I simply googled "body weight exercise" and bam! Calisthenics it was. So that's what I decided on. Of course I get shit from it from some people but I feel I have no reason to manipulate other weights until I can actually handle my own weight and it's what has kept it fun and interesting for me. Besides, I have major motivation just from looking at the insane things people can do with their body on youtube, Frank Medrano, Bar Bros, and Ido Portal to name the first few that I stumbled upon. Seriously watching them do what they do simply made me go "That. I want to do that." and that was the end of that.   As far as how to get started, I think it begins first with the mentality. You have to make the conscious decision to go through with it. A lot of people want to change/improve/do something but I feel a lot of people do not make the conscious effort to do it even when they do not want to do it. So step 1 is a mentality change; you start doing the shit you don't want to do because you know it is what you have to do to get what you want. Once you can do that bit where you do things even when you do not want to you'll naturally progress forward. I think this is where a lot of people fail, but afterwards it becomes a lot easier.   Afterwards, is the part where you begin to like what you do and want to learn more. This is the best part and so far where I feel I am at. Right here is where you want to learn anything and everything about a particular subject. You start reading everything you can, asking people, listening to people, and eating up all the information you can find on it and then attempting to do it (ideally in a safe way). You continue to do it and you start to love doing it and in a mundane way, you slowly gain mastery.   The last part of it, I think, is when it sort of consumes you. What you wanted becomes a part of you and you absolutely want to share that bit to anyone who would listen. Of course it doesn't necessarily mean you go out and preach it but when people ask you share to the best of your ability. And when you've reached this part, it's already become a part of you and you do it everyday without fail.   So really, it all comes down to the old questions: "Do  you  really want it?" and "How  bad  do you want it?" And if you say you really want it and you want it bad then even if you don't want to do the things you have to do, you do it anyway because that's how bad you want it and if you don't, then you just don't want it bad enough.   As far as weight loss is concerned, I do believe people should be less concerned about weight as a factor of weight loss. The scale  will  destroy you. I say, step on it when you commit to losing weight to see where you start... and then step on it again in six months or whenever you feel you've progressed and you will succeed in your own mind. Weighing yourself everyday and even every week however, I think, weighs on your mind because you see no progress and give up. You just got to see it as an investment, and the way I think of it, I'm building myself into my image, my masterpiece, with my own two hands slowly and one day I  will  get there but until then I  must  keep hammering away.   /End of rant.
0	It's like they aren't aware they smell like a middle school. The ads make it clear what demographic they're aiming for. Axe body spray smells of immaturity.   Also, if you shower after going to the gym, your sweat won't start to smell. Just use some deoderent if you're feeling insecure about B.O. not half a can of chemically eau'd teenageboy. Fresh sweat doesn't really have much of a scent, it's old sweat that does, so unless you're working out for hours on end, people probably won't notice. Covering up sweaty b.o. with body spray instead of just taking a shower and using some soap is super gross.   Add to that the apparent unawareness (and ladies do this too!) that you're not supposed to be able to smell perfume or cologne until you're very close to the other person. That's the point of it, so when you are getting your flirt on you smell nice in a subtle way. You're not supposed to be able to smell it two feet aware, or half way across the room. If I can smell somebody from across the room and my allergies flare, I'm 100% guaranteed not going to want to be anywhere near that person. It's super inconsiderate.   Throw in that some people have allergies which are triggered by strong chemical scents (eyes itching, throat/sinus pain/irritation, head ache, some combination of the above or other symptoms) it's just inconsiderate to wear that much body spray.   /rant
0	You could always skip to the bottom and check? I do.
1	If Chroma packs required any code it was a couple lines to change the skin-select UI. Unless Riot's code is crap, nerfs don't require any programming either. Meanwhile, game features require server code, client code, and extensive testing. All 3 of those things you said are handled by different groups of people and entirely unrelated to the others. Art developed chroma packs, balance nerfed Teemo, and programmers are working on game-features. Programmers have most likely already built tools to allow the game designers and artists to make changes on things like skins and balance without requiring new code and even the ability-reworks largely use pre-existing mechanics.
0	Fancy graphical covers are a recent phenomenon. Typically, it's still merely the dust cover that has all the graphics and quotes. The actual bound hardcover book is still a drab affair, hardly an opportunity to properly represent all that is contained within.   In fact, even the glitzy dustcovers cannot be trusted, as the are almost always controlled by the publisher, not the author. This makes the old cliche even more true, today. Oh, best seller, greatest novel ever? Yeah right, never judge a book...   So the covers of books are designed to sell books, not accurately represent them, if there is a conflict. Eteeen the two. If not, bookcovers fell into conformity, designed to look good on the shelf, fitting in well among all the rest, like the wall of a lawyers office.
0	If I remember my 12th grade psychology class, the amygdala is the oldest (biological time--least developed) part of the brain. It's where things like pheromone sensing is done.   It's also the most primal part of your brain, and the reason adult males notice post pubescent females when, in our society, that's frowned upon.   Men feel guilty, but it's just the primal part of your brain fucking with you. Just put them in your metaphorical spank bank and don't touch or comment on it.
1	From my experience in solo queue when one individual misplays others look at them as if they are holding them back (from what ever rank their goal is) and they take their frustration out on the person that misplayed. I have found that playing at night/mornings tend to be the best time for me to play.
0	I'll speak generally, because it can certainly vary by industry and obviously will vary based on title/level of the position.   Bad news first: Almost all positions are offered internally initially. By the time they are online for the public, the hiring manager has shown a clear need to look externally. Then it usually goes to headhunters and recruiting firms. Usually by this time, the hiring manager has been getting bombarded directly by his network.   Let's say that route is exhausted...this is incredibly rare....   The information put in the system is used by HR for filtering, but it's also stored for analytics. They or an external consultancy can track diversity, application trends, etc. The actual rsum attached to that person goes to the respective hiring manager, once it's pilfered out of the database. Cover letters are also important, as they give the perspective employer a good idea of your tone and writing skills.   The HR analyst can pick and choose from this selection, depending on the criteria that the hiring manager puts into the job posting.   The HR analyst may do some further screening, with a token phone interview, survey, personality or IQ test, etc.
0	My mom lost her job in 08. I end up sticking around keeping things afloat so she has a chance to get on my feet again. In the meantime I feel my life was being put on hold and a started growing resentment towards her.   2013 comes around and I've had enough. I realized I had just been enabling her to depend on me for money, social interactions, everything. I was finally able to see her as the human being she was and not as my mommy who could do no wrong.   I moved out. Got a place with my girlfriend. Have been incredibly happy.   What I've learned about myself and family is that I didn't pick these fucking people and I have no obligation to keep them in my life. I'm a son and a brother, not the father role replacement you forced on me. So family, get your own shit together, you're all grown-ups now, and fuck off with your bullshit. I aint interested in it and I don't fucking care!   Forgive the rant... But I thought the same thing going through this process. My dad had an affair, got caught, and pretty much said fuck it I'm out. His dead now and my mother never forgave him or got over it. I think she has narcissistic personality disorder which actually explains  sooooo  much about her behavior.
1	You are right and I should have clarified my point/stance a bit more. All I was trying to say was that what the casters said was stereotyping and not racism. However stereotyping in a professional setting is still wrong and should never be done. While ESports is more lax that other forms of professional competitions those types of statements are unprofessional. It would be like a professional football caster saying that one team had the advantage simply because they had more black people. Even if these things are said jokingly and in a lighthearted way they still come off as unprofessional.
1	Sometimes I counter jungle, but usually what happens for me is to try a gank anyways.  If you do get it, great.  If not, you denied your enemy some farm/xp, putting your laner ahead, even if just a little.  Who knows, the chunk of health you took off them coud be the difference later in a 1v1.  To me, a successful gank is one where no allies die, or are forced to back.  If they burn flash or ghost to get away, mission greatly accomplished.
1	I played with trolls, feeders, dc'ers, but still was 1300ish elo with 7 wins and 3 lose after my first 10 games and I don't consider myself as a super carry player. Just remember, this is a "Team Morale" game, if your team has a good morale and energy, the odds are you are going to win.   You have map awareness? Ping and warn your team when they get ganked. You jungle? Make sure to capture objectives, everyone in your team will feel better if you get the first baron after a negative early game. Don't rage at your team, it's only going to make it worst for both you and them.
0	Look at a honey bee, a bumble bee, and your average wasp or hornet. The honey bee and bumble bee are "fuzzy" while the wasps and hornets are not. This makes the bees much better pollinators.
1	From what I heard when the Riot employee was on State of the League it sounded like every country could follow their own rules. This is because of the difference in scale in different countries, some might have dozens of great teams others only a couple of decent ones,  as well as whether or not the WCG finals were held online or at a LAN.   Going beyond what happened in the US the answer is no, despite what they have said about doing it this was to keep it similar to what was done in Canada there is nothing that indicates that anything like a second finals match will be happening in other countries.   As for what happened in Canada I understand it as they WOULD have played a second set of games had the team from the losers bracket won the first set of games in the final so I assume the winners bracket team simply won the first set of games and therefore won the match without the need for the second set of games. I did however not see the canadian finals so I dont know if this was actually the case.
1	First of all dont write something like i wish my team would stop dieing in all-chat.That just puts you into a bad spotlight for the enemy and your team. When someone on your team is afk since the first minute or ragequits just write in all-chat pls report  __  for ragequitting/afkeing. I personally dont report people that apologize and come back into the game.   When someone on your team is afk just continue playing your game, try to motivate your team but dont start flaming or feeding intentionally. When the enemy team starts getting rude and says something like haha noob team losing i honor (afker) and stuff just report that person.
1	No. You need to give your passport to the embassy while you're waiting for visa. That can around a week (seven days). However, In between matches the players have 3-5 days (depending on when they travel in and out of Cologne).   Hence, if Gambit members were not to miss a single game, then the visa applications should've happened before the season started. However, they were informed about it mid season, which means that if Gambit even were to get the visas, then they would need to miss a few games on another week.   It was utter bullshit of riot to do in regards to Gambit. Not just a silly mistake for the reason that you wrote.
0	Feminism is gender specific in name.   That's because it's 100+ years old.  I modern corollary is the "Gay Rights Movement".  Gay Rights isn't about giving rights to gay people that are denied to straight people... it's about equality for people of all sexual identities.  The fact that it's name is specific to one sub-group is because that is a notable subgroup that is lacking their basic rights.  Feminism started the same way;  it's for gender equality, but was named for the group that was lacking rights.   > Feminism is gender specific in message   Well yeah, it mostly focuses on women.  Because (for the most part) men don't need that much help.   Now I need to be clear here.  I'm  not  saying that men have everything perfect.  Gender roles  definitely  hurt men as well.  But when you put things on a theoretical scale, it's clear that women are more disenfrachised and men are more empowered, on a societal level (your individual results may vary).   So the end result is that feminism focuses  more  on womans' rights, but it  also  pays attention to the general abolishment of gender roles.  While feminists will campaign strongly for little girls to play with legos, they'll also advocate for little boys to have dolls.   On your 2 topics at the end, I fundamentally disagree.   For one, I don't think equality is about "lowering" anyone.  It should be about raising us all up to the same level.  You seem to think that feminists need to do things that detriment women in order to be advocating equality, but being a detriment to  anyone  is bad.   I also think the main goals of feminism are  universally good .  It doesn't need to target a specific group in many instances, because it's just good for all of us.   Here's an example; feminism is against the idea that women are weak caregivers and men are strong breadwinners.   Now an obvious way this sees play is for gender equality in the workforce, the glass ceiling, all of that.  But let's look at another side of this:   Custody battles.   Currently, women win custody battles in 90% of cases.  You may be thinking "Yeah, gender equality should fight against that!".  Well... feminism is.   The reason women are awarded custody is because our society says that a woman's role is as a caregiver.  By erroding this societal standard, there will be a shift in the way these court decisions are decided.  For every new stay at home dad supported by his working wife, it becomes easier to award custody to a man.   By the same token, men pay far more in child support than women do.  This is because of the gender role that men are the breadwinners.   Again, feminism is very very against this.  The more women we have in the workforce, though, the easier it becomes to decide that a man should be awarded custody  and child support payments  from his ex-wife.  Something that is currently nearly unheard of.
0	I ignored the other posts because my story didn't really fit in, but here's to your "meaningless photos" comment.   A few months ago I found a memory card on the streets of Honolulu. My first comments were that it was an Asian tourist's and I'd find pictures of them throwing up peace signs on it or that I'd find nude pics on it.  It was an Asian tourist's photos.   I managed to track down the owner through a photo of a document that had a lawyer's phone number on it. I called the lawyer and told him I found the memory card and asked him for help finding the proper owner.   The lawyer called the owner and had the owner email me to arrange a return. I mailed the card out that week.   After he got the card back he told me that some of the pictures on the memory card were of his time traveling and living in the US, and that he went home after his wife got sick and passed away. The memory card had about 50 photos of her that he didn't have anywhere else.   You may have lost meaningless photos, but not everyone keeps meaningless photos on their memory cards. Don't be a dick.
0	After posting a bunch of comments here, I decided to write this simple guide on DRC. Warning: Wall of text ahead.   What is dynamic range compression?     Dynamic range compression (DRC) is used to reduce the dynamic range of audio. This reduces the volume of louder sounds and increases the volume of quieter sounds to reduce the dynamic range. More info can be seen on the [Wikipedia page]( The different parameters for DRC are explained on [How-To Geek](   Why is DRC needed?     Most movie soundtracks are mixed for a large dynamic range in a big theater. Most home theaters have smaller speakers and are in smaller rooms, which results in a non-optimal acoustic setup. This can cause the dialogue of a movie to be difficult to hear and the explosions to shake your floor.   Software Support     XBMC     While you are playing a video, bring up the [OSD and select the audio menu](   In the audio menu, look for the setting ["Volume Amplification"]( - this adjusts how much the dynamic range of the audio is compressed     VLC     In VLC's menu bar, go to Tools > Effects and Filters, select the Audio Effects tab, then select [the Compressor tab](   Take a look at the comments from [this]( /r/LifeProTips post on what these values do, and how to change them   The How-To Geek link at the top of the page also has a good explanation of the different parameters for DRC     MPC-HC / MPC-BE   If you are using ReClock as your audio renderer (highly recommended):     When you are playing a video, go to the menu bar and select Play > Filters > ReClock Audio Renderer   Check the ["Enable sound compressor" box]( and select how strong you want the compressor to be   You may want to experiment with this option on movies with a high amount of dynamic range to find what works best for your setup     If you are using AC3Filter as your audio renderer:     Run the AC3Filter Config application (should've been installed with AC3Filter, located in Start menu)   Follow [this guide]( on the AC3Filter wiki to configure DRC     System-Wide (Windows 7 or higher)     Right click the volume icon in the system tray and select Playback Devices   Right click the device you use for audio output and select [Properties]( then go under Enhancements   Check the ["Loudness Equalization" box]( and make sure that the "Disable all enhancements" box isn't checked   You may want to edit the  Loudness Equalization Settings     Hardware Support     The Blu-ray spec supports three types of audio codecs: DTS (and its lossless counterpart, DTS-HD Master Audio), Dolby Digital (and its lossless counterpart, Dolby TrueHD), and LPCM (lossless, but uncompressed).   Most Blu-rays today use either DTS-HD MA (with a DTS core for backwards-compatibility) or Dolby TrueHD (with a Dolby Digital core for backwards-compatibility) because they can provide the lossless audio of LPCM while taking up much less space on a disc.   DTS recommends that studios disable any DRC when encoding a DTS/DTS-HD MA audio stream to preserve the full dynamic range of the audio. Also, DTS lacks any kind of metadata to store the DRC settings.   On the other hand, Dolby recommends that studios use DRC when encoding a Dolby TrueHD or Dolby Digital audio stream. However, this is stored as metadata (think of tags in an MP3 file). Some decoders in receivers/TVs/Blu-ray players always use this metadata, but there are some that ignore it or need it to be manually enabled.   If you have a surround sound setup, I would recommend first calibrating it properly. You might need to edit the levels for each of your speakers (see  here .   If you cannot do this or it doesn't help, check if your receiver or TV has a compressor option. Most newer receivers/TVs call this "Night Mode." Note that on some receivers, "Night Mode" only works for TrueHD/Dolby Digital audio streams with the DRC metadata.   If your system lacks a compressor or "Night Mode," and you cannot use the software solutions for whatever reasons, you may want to consider purchasing a new receiver or a dedicated compressor device.
1	But isn't that different from the meta?  The current US meta is to just sit in your lane, farm and only go for kills when your jungler shows up.   M5 isn't doing that, so couldn't it be said that they aren't following the standard meta most of us know?   Edit:   Let me clarify what I am thinking.  Sorry if people are are thinking I am saying that this is a "new" meta, I just think that it is a little different with regards to play-style.  Yes, the combination of champions is basically the same.  Bruiser/AD/Support/AP/Jungle has yet to be proven less effective than any other combination, maybe the champion picks are different than anyone would necessarily expect, but the roles they fill are still basically the same.  The different part in my mind is the play-style.  Their decision making and this level of aggressiveness is just something the other teams aren't ready for.  From what I have seen most teams tend to stick to their own jungle and rarely invade and it seems that Moscow 5 know this and realize that these teams will have no idea what to do when they get constantly invaded like this.  This is obviously to me when SK's members aren't coming in to help Sleezy fight for his buffs where as everyone nearby for M5 heads in to help steal the buffs.  Also, because of their play-style they end up with a greater total gold with kills and towers being fairly equal, and this seems to happen every game.
1	yep. can concur. just had that happen. played support where an ashe who couldn't last hit for the life of him was part of a 3 man. needless to say, it was all my fault that the lane lost and he was down 50cs.   but then again, when my group of guys play norms, we do it for funsies. we usually end up getting the 5th man to join us on the next few games / add them to our skype call.   so
0	I thought it was so you can sit around a table for hours trying to navigate 3 rooms because one of your teammates waits until her turn to go through her 82 spell long spell list to figure out what she will do this turn. Then screaming at each other because someone did something idiotic like try to steal the +5 ShinyPayAttentionToMe ring off of the prince's finger during a parade surrounded by guards. Then after several weeks of clusterfuckery, ending the campaign in a semi-awesome/semi-disappointing manner that leaves you bitter. Then several months later you look back on how awesome it all was.
0	I used to wait tables. While this should be obvious to anyone who has done this sort of work, I knew a  lot  of people of who did drugs, mostly smoking weed.   I, myself, enjoyed the sensation I felt after smoking a bit of this stuff myself. So, too, did my roommates. Generally, we threw in on a bag here and there.   I've always been a bit good at math. I realized that if I purchased in larger quantities than I would not only receive a discount, but I would be able to sell 3/4 of it and it would be like getting the last 1/4 for free. At this point, I would purchase about a QP (quarter pound) at a time.   Soon, I carried the math a bit further. If I purchased even more of the sticky icky, I would not only receive an even larger "wholesale discount", but I would also profit. I sold to my coworkers discretely and made more from weed than from actually working.   One of my roommates had a sudden craving, for pizza. Also for cocaine. My supplier  also  supplied that! This would be even  more  money for me! So I started dealing that, too. Math, you know?   I only made it snow for my roommates and one of my coworkers, a jubilant large gay black male. And by jubilant, I meant happy. But I meant something entirely different by gay, as he liked to fuck other men in the butt.   Hey, to each their own, this dude was nice as fuck and cool as hell. Or maybe nice as hell and cool as fuck? I'm not sure, it doesn't matter, he was a bro and he gave me money for rock, not cock.   One night I rode home with him (we were later going to my house for a party, carpooling was just more good math). I broke him off a bit, made $50. He also asked me to look at his computer, those darned popups. While I worked, he got ready for the party and did a couple of lines. I had the  best shit , yo.   The next thing you know, I find out that black guys really do have huge members, as his is about 8 inches from my face. He asked me if I'd like to get comfortable, too. I politely declined and asked him to get dressed, or otherwise hide the rather large serpent that was staring at me like I was a two dimensional dinner.   He was offended, and moved the piece in for a "kiss", at which point I gave him a hand job. Well, I punched him in the balls, close enough.   He seemed to lose the mood at that point, at which point I took his car and went home. Totally left him out of the party that night.
1	You're right, but the thing that makes dota more interesting when it comes to towers is the tower priority. I think league dives are safer for the diver because all it takes is a slightly weak lane and a minion wave to dive. The person being dived in dota can take the creeps behind the tower and sort of fend off dive easy.
0	It has to do with culture. I don't know the people in Kentucky who lost a husband and a father, but I've heard about and have seen and experienced an actor. It's easier to say "look at what s/he could've done" when they are on screen but it is difficult to judge someone's worth when I've never met or even seen the person.
1	I always was a tryhard in Normals (3k normal games, roughly 1.5k before i started ranked), but Ranked and Normal is a Night and Day Difference. Even though it's only an "imaginary point system" it puts pressure on you. You can give your all in Normals, but Ranked is something different. Even if you think that you don't give a shit about your rating, you do, everybody does. It's not easy to explain, but there certainly is a huge difference, between trying really hard in Normals and playing Ranked. Also, Normals are often times pretty bad for learning, because of huge MMR Differences. Lane Matchups are quite often really unbalanced, because people from all ranks are being thrown together. Hidden normal MMR should fix that, but it really doesn't.
1	It's the mindset. You state you've gotten to Bronze 1 before, meaning you can do it again. The common misconception with bronze level players is that everything is everyone else's fault. (Strengthened by your claim of the bot lane feeding. Did you do EVERYTHING within your power to get them back into the game? Doubt it.)   all in all, remember, than you can't directly influence other people's decisions, but you directly influence your own.
1	I've actually had horrible luck with Fizzes. I'm a jungler, so maybe I'm a bit biased (Fizzes rarely leash at my level, even though any other player on any other champion will help at wolves/wraiths and with the actual leash.) They almost always have bad farm since they need to last hit every single minions, and even if they go positive, they tend to run to the 10/8/3 sort of area, which really isn't actually that helpful in a game.
0	Over half a decade of talking to an internet friend, we degenerated into only ever using ;P and ;p. This, in turn, made our conversations become more and more hostile over the years as it seemed we were always having a go at each other. One day I just said, hey, we have a problem. It was like a dating talk but with a guy. Since that day we haven't used those emoticons.. hang on, I just realised text smilies aren't really emoticons but yeah whatever, we're here now. Yeah, we only use the non-winky versions, i.e. :P :p, and things have never been better.
1	Stay positive. Don't rage.   If I was doing exceptionally well in a game, but my teammates were 4/17/1 and 5/21/6... it would almost seem like a lost cause right?   Well, I've tried to change my attitude towards each individual game and think positively. Consider this, the enemy team has 38 kills on just TWO of your teammates and still cannot close the game. That means either you're doing something right and/or they are doing something wrong or even a combination of both.   Speak positively to your team. "Hey lee, I know you had a rough game, but if you could just peel for me with your kick (or make a good pick with your kick) then I think we still have a chance."   Of course, you'll get people who just don't want to work as a team and you can't change that. You'll inevitably lose the game and you'll be upset unless you keep your positive mind attitude into the next game in which you will most likely win.   Have fun.
1	Korea uses a circuit point system to determine who goes to worlds; the top two teams in circuit points at the end of the Summer season will automatically get the first two spots in worlds. The third through sixth-place teams in points then play a regionals gauntlet to determine who gets the third Worlds spot (sixth place plays fifth place, winner then plays fourth, then the winner of that plays third).   Before the Summer season, T1 K had 450 points, tied for first with Samsung Blue, with Samsung White in third at 375 points. At most, T1 K can get 75 circuit points from winning NLB Summer; Samsung White, on the other hand, can get 150 points just from placing third in OGN Champions Summer.   At this point, aside from the Jin Air Stealths causing a major upset over Blue, T1 K can only get the second-place seed  IF  Samsung White gets 4th in Champions while T1 K reaches NLB finals (White would have 475 points vs SKT K having 510-525 in this case).   If White gets 3rd in Champions (which is 150 points), T1 K  must  win NLB just to force a presumable tiebreaker for the second-place spot (both teams would reach 525 points in that scenario). However, imo even if T1 K gets the tiebreaker, they will just lose again to White since White has had their number all througout Spring up to now, and they're definitely the stronger-looking team atm; so yes in all honesty I think T1 K is going to get third-place in circuit points for sure.   Regardless of T1 K's performance in NLB however, they are guaranteed to get at least third in the circuit points. NJWS (the current fourth place) has no chance to get enough points to make up the 125 point gap between them and T1 K.
0	If your 16 year old daughter gets knocked up, it's pretty much on the girls parents to salvage the situation. It is their household that will have to change  to receive a newborn baby. The girls parents are the ones who will be awake all night with a crying sick infant, it is the girls parents who will absorb most of the financial burden of the baby. How is the girl going to stay in school and then go to collage? The girl is 16 and already has a kid, that means she is 16 and already has baggage. Alot of guys (including me) won't date Women with kids (wayyyy too much trouble). Now, if a 16 year old boy gets a girl pregnant, he has to get a job and maybe spend a few weekends dealing with the kid.
0	On occasion depending where I am.  I was in a FoodMaxx on the less hygienic end of town and had to use the bathroom.  I walk into this stall and it all seems fine, but the lighting is dim in this bathroom to save power.  I get closer to the seat and see that it is covered in piss as if someone was playing Hot-wheels along the seat, with piss.  Since I knew that I can just get the seat up and hover shit.  I grabbed some toilet paper and quickly got the seat up.  Finished my business as fast as I could and walked out of the stall.  Now there is a man waiting for this stall and the moment I get out he runs in.  I hear this man push the toilet seat down and hop on the seat, NOPE.  Feeling bad I washed my hands and ran out the door, because there is no reaction to give that and I had already taken 10 minutes.
0	When I worked at an art store, i learned a very important lesson. The difference between anime fans, nerds, and kids.   "Anime Fans generally have a favourite type of anime and will watch that type for the most part, very rarely switching it up. They will talk about it with their other friends, however, if they do not mention it you would have NO FRIGGIN IDEA.   Anime Nerds for the most part, will watch anything that is suggested to them, and discuss it as functioning human beings. Nerds may cosplay at various conventions and the like, but it is contained to said conventions. You may also notice subtle hints that they are a nerd, like a watch or a wallet from a specific anime, so you can tell they enjoy it without being overwhelmed by it.   Now, anime 'kids' are the non-functioning fucking retarded anime fans that seem to travel in packs that have a collective IQ of 7. You can tell an anime kid is an anime kid from miles away, as they're usually the one rocking a naruto headband and random ass cosplay EVERY. DAMN. DAY. They generally cannot form thoughts that aren't anime related, believe themselves to be in actual loving relationships with anime characters, and are more or less pathetic excuses of people. They will constantly talk in Japanese to prove how 'smart' they are LIKE OMGTHATSSOKAWAIIDESUNE!!?!?! fuck off. The majority of anime kids are are combination of fat, terrible looking, unfortunate looking, smelly or so fucking awkward it makes your heart die a little just to see them. They're the ones that when you see walk into an art store (like I used to work) or anywhere else that sells manga/supplies you RUN LIKE THE WIND BULLSEYE and get the fuck out before they wrangle you and try to convince you that anime is life; there is no other way to live, and that they're SUCH A GOOD ARTIST, THEY DRAW EVERY DAY. LOOK AT MY ORIGINAL CHARACTER. oh yes. i see. that's great. i like your unibrow. step away from me.
0	you, i don't know you, but i like you...i also have 2 kids and your
0	I do that, but only because I would finish before everyone else, and a teacher would yell at me because it was "impossible to finish a test that fast." So I would go and sit until about 5 people turned theirs in, then turn mine in without changing anything.  We get it back, and I had an A+
1	Which isn't really common in any elo below plat...I can see it in diamond and above, but then again they know what they're doing, so it wouldn't really be a common issue.   Most likely if your case were to happen, it would be because of x amount of player(s) picked a champ they wanted where the other y player(s) didnt want. But you would still need 4/5 vote for it to get carried through. And if it did who cares about a 3 min que? I'm in gold 2 and only once or twice all season someone on my team dodged out of team comp issue.
0	I'm just surprised how long I've been here and just realised that A) that's a mallard, I just thought it was a duck and B) didn't actually know what meme it was....there's bad luck Brian etc but with the duck I honestly had Jo clue
1	good real talk   Like accusing the guy he responded to of arbitrarily counting things that are "good" or "bad", then listing his own list of things that "players value"? One of which is a feature that they added for a few days, then removed?   And he says shit like "behind the scenes we're doing cool stuff, trust me!" or "we make modifications to systems you don't know about, in ways you won't notice".   When Valve updated CS:GO's matchmaking, it was smart and significant and made it into the patch notes because they knew players wanted to know what was up. In short, if you lose to a hacker or an MMR booster, and they get caught, your MMR will be refunded.   It virtually ended boosting and hacking at my rank (DMG) over night .   They didn't have to brag about "really solid behind the scenes work!" because they were making shit happen that they  could  brag about. What can Riot brag about in the past six months? The past year? That's not to say Valve are infallible, they're not. And their CS:GO team is  clearly  understaffed. They try to push out updates that just don't adequately fix some problems (wallbang consistency, smoke grenade balance). You know it's fucked up when the "we tried, we might fail" company is  Valve . Riot have assumed the position of "we're going to sit on an idea for a year because we're afraid it won't work".   The summoner's rift update is major. That's huge. That's thousands and thousands of man hours of work that has  literally  no downsides attached. Every facet of that just emanates competency.   Name another department at Riot that operates the same way. Game balance? New champions? Player behavior? The LCS schedule? NA CS? New client? New franchises / new games (hows that TCG going, huh? Supremacy? They folded to Blizzard before Hearthstone took off the way it did)   Maybe Riot are truly in a year-long rut where SO MUCH is going on behind the scenes that late 2014 will blow everyone away. Maybe the  creative output  of the thousand-odd Rioters working at the company globally are set to blow us all away despite poor organization or management. Maybe this infrastructure building with all those international offices is going to contribute something to player experience.   Or maybe, despite the community-focused environment and the "passionate gamers" working behind the scenes, having a loose corporate structure where nothing gets done and major opportunities are passed up is going to cause stagnation.  If this is the sort of post a Rioter needs to make when Riot is experiencing unprecedented growth, imagine what things will be like when League has plateau'd or starts to decline in popularity .
1	What's to stop Team A and Team B from plowing Team C? You couldn't stop it at all.   The whole idea is you don't. It's all a very large part of the politics,  and the fun , of a Triple Threat. It makes it all very unpredictable and exciting, while at the same time marvelously risky and dangerous.   What is to stop Team A and Team B from plowing Team C? Nothing. But what's to keep Team A from plowing Team B from behind while Team B attacks Team C and is distracted. Team A capitalizes on this. However, Team B (unless comprised of idiots) would be wary of Team A betraying them and perhaps would be extra cautious and pull out, allowing Team's C and A to engage, and then coming in to clean them both.   It becomes a game of strategy and politics. The fear of betrayal (as only one team could win) would  always  be there and would undermine any "agreements" that would be formed.   It becomes difficult by having bases and nexus' because then, if in a triangular map at least, (with 2 entrances to each base, not dissimilar to TT) you can easily have two teams gang up on the one, so it would be 3v2 and 3v1. Could be pretty bad. However, if the turrets are strong enough, and minions not OP, early game alliances like this could end up be pretty difficult and really risky, which could potentially lead to some hardcore feeding of the team being ganged up on. Also, politics comes into play again. Is it worth risking it? What's to stop Team B from changing lanes and moving in behind Team A while they're sieging Team C, and getting in some really early ganks? Would you pass up 3 easy ganks when it would give your team the winning edge, just so you can try to take down a tower? Alliances are probably more of a risk than they are a benefit, unless you know you can trust someone. And are you really going to trust Team A when you know that even if the two of you wipe Team C, A still has to go through you?   I'd try it out. Sounds kind of fun!   Another idea is perhaps changing the game mode. What else could it be? I don't really know. One game that I recall being a lot of fun with a similar game mechanic back when it was first released was  Infantry  which sported a number of flags (3-5, I don't recall) and three teams, and the point was to capture and hold all the flags for a period of time in order to win. Not sure how something like that would work for this kind of game, however. But the three teams thing was hilariously awesome and made for some awesome fights.
0	Stand your ground pretty much depends on the great equalizer, a gun. That said, the state is pretty good at determining who is using that as a faulty excuse.   Look at Marissa Alexander. The media is decrying it as Florida discriminating against a mother who was defending herself from an abusive husband!  ( Hi sexism, lets automatically have sympathy for the female and believe that she is truthful about domestic violence. )   In reality, it turns out that as far as domestic violence goes, she's the violent one. She's got cases of abusing her husband on record, and while out on bail for this current case where she used the SYG law as defense, she met up with her husband, which the court had said she wasn't allowed to do as a condition of bail, and beat on him. He had a bloody swollen eye, she didn't have a damn mark on her, yet she claims again that he was abusing her.   She lied to the court about meeting and beating her husband while on bail. She also falsely accused him of domestic violence in 2000, but ended up telling the police that her initial report was a lie, long before this incident.   She's got a history of violence and lying. The court sees right through this crap, and stand your ground didn't allow her to get away with it.
0	I think I can answer a few of you questions. I have never personally been in the top money earners, but I have been blessed to have an uncle who is in the top 1% of earners in the country who took me in after I lost my job and helped me get back in college.   I graduated high school and did a year of college got kicked out of my house due to some of my dads issues, and got a shitty barely above minimum wage job and I was struggling to afford to eat. I then landed a nice 9-5 making a pretty decent living and was pretty darn happy. I had some extra income and could afford some nicer things, not enough to draw attention to myself but enough to be on the very happy end of things.   Fast forward a few years I move in with my uncle who is making over $1M a year running his own business. Let me tell you everybody who has ever even known his name has called and asked for something. He comes home from work miserable 4 out of 5 days a week. It's gotten to the point where he is selling his business and moving out of state with my aunt and never looking back. He lives in a $500k house and drives a brand new Benz and I the only time I've seen him smile in 7 years was when we were at my cousin's 2 bedroom house shooting the shit.
1	Karma...   Okay, here's is my official opinion of Karma:   She is a support mage that needs a solo lane. Does that sound like it makes no sense? Well, you're wrong. Zilean is a support that lanes, as well as Morgana, and I don't need to tell you those are strong choices.   Karma excels at helping your melee carries and assassins do their dirty work, and rape the living shit out of the enemy team. You can speed them up, shield them (maybe softening the enemy team up), then healing everyone after the initial burst happens.   CDR is almost more important on Karma than AP, simply because CDR gives you mantra charges at a timely rate, and lets you spam all of your shit more, and generally do a lot more. If you don't get 40% CDR, you are doing it wrong.   Currently, she is not a strong choice for solo queue, simply because she requires a team who knows how to utilize Karma's strengths for the betterment of the team. And, since she really can't be played in solo queue, that's why I feel she isn't played in tournaments either. I personally believe she is plenty strong, just any kind of buff given to her (a third mantra charge, for example), would destroy the entire idea behind Karma.
1	Really? I've lived to the day when people want
1	Well it sounds like Morgana will always win a fight if you put it that way.   But you have to take into account the utility and cooldowns here as well. all morg's cd's are longer than ahri's, especially charm cd is significantly shorter than blackshield's at early levels. If you force morg to use the shield on herself, there's a ~8 second window she's vulnerable which ahri can use to poke/zone.   morg's q is better than ahri's in the sense that it comes with really good cc, but ahri's is faster and harder to dodge (ie- better poking capability). plus, dark binding can be completely blocked by positioning behind minions, but not orb of deception. and ahri's ult itself can be used to get out of morg's ult range (assuming ahri isn't immobilised already) and reposition.
0	Here's a list that I found extremely helpful when I first started redditing...   What do all of these acronyms mean? Well there are a lot of acronyms in use on reddit, so this is just a list of some of the main ones you'll see.   ELI5 means "Explain like I'm 5 (years old)"   DAE means "Does anybody else" or "Does anyone else"   FTFY means "Fixed that for you"   IAMA means "I am a"   AMA means "Ask me anything"
0	I had an older guy try to sway me. Two years ago I was 23 and in my senior year of college. I had bought a rottweiler earlier that year and would take him to the park in Brookline ,MA. Mind you there were many gay guys there that I was very friendly with. One day an older guy I had never seen before approaches me and of course we get into a long conversation - politics but primarily finance related stuff. He asks me if I want to go to his place to smoke weed so naturally I said yes.   We hang out at his place for an hour and he keeps pushing more and more bowls into my face. I immediately get the vibe this guy is trying to smoke me stupid to the extent i do something that is not the norm. Richard (his actual name) then says:   Richard -So ihatecommercials have you ever given a blowjob?   Me- To a guy? No i have not because I am straight   Richard- I know plenty of straight guys who have given blowjobs. Back in college alot of guys on the rugby team used to experiment. Majority of them are married with kids now.   Me- Yeah those guys are bisexual regardless if they are married now.   Richard- No they were straight. Nothing wrong with a little experimentation.   This conversation went on for about 10 minutes with Richard not letting down. I told him I am not going to give him a blowjob but it was nice meeting him. We had exchanged numbers because he needed help getting weed but I never called or texted him back. The dog was not his but rather that of a close friend. Should have known he was prowling the park for younger guys.   I did feel unsafe at his place but my rottweiler is enormous and protective so I was not worried.
0	You may be an exception though.  Think about it: the people who work for insurance companies have to make money somewhere if not just to cover expenses.  That means that you may have a lifetime limit on medical costs, you may have a super high deductible that is really difficult to meet, and others may be supporting you through much higher monthly payments because they aren't in ultra good health to begin with meaning they go to the doctor more than once a year.  Insurance companies aren't welfare, if that's anyone's job it's the government's.   It's ironic that you imply that insurance companies are essentially handing out money when your original complaint was that Europeans think their healthcare is free.
1	But this is still in a way your mistake, for using it on the wrong person. If you came maybe it wouldn't have ended that bad.
0	Well assuming you are not just some troll:   >The money in my pocket isn't as valuable as your life.   The joke is that this is akin to the end of Schindler's list.   The two comments, including the one with the gif, are relating what Schindler said to this. Relating the boss paying for a therapist to the scene is the joke.   I mean I see that and then you interjecting some odd, bullshit about the beauty of cinema and that the younger generation sucks because people make movie references without going to watch the scene they're referencing to appreciate the actors powerful performances and the cinematography.
0	Why don't you just say "Hello" to them? Hell a person might be having a shitty day and seeing someone they know could really cheer them up. Saw a buddy that I hadn't seen since last semester walking down the sidewalk. Turned out his dad had passed, girlfriend had broken up with him and turned his "friends" on him, and he had been having a hard time dealing with it, and therefore not out in public much. We talked for a bit and went on our way.   Later on that day, I get a text from him thanking me for stopping to talk because he had thought about ending his life. Told me seeing that he still had true friends in the world helped make him happy. We're hanging out tonight and just relaxing.
1	I think that there should be a queue for it, and you pick a champion that you like to play. E.g. You pick  Urgot  and it comes up with the first game with a DCd  Urgot  in it. This will reduce the chances of you getting a troll, because people will pick a champion who they like.
0	DM; ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
0	Not quite. Disagreements/"being thrown out" with parents is not enough to overturn dependency for federal aid purposes. You have to prove full abandonment through extensive documentation/letters from professionals/etc. if your parents have paid even a single bill or health insurance for you any time in the past year or two, you'll still have to provide their information to get aid.
0	I realize you're probably not looking for advice, but this is the internet. So I'm going to give it to you anyway.   Let's begin with my credentials: I am a male, and a masturbator of 13 years; more than half my life now. During a more flexible period of my life, while fully erect I could put the head of my penis into my own mouth.  Regrettably I was not nearly experienced enough at the time to enjoy it.   Here's a bit of masturbating theory: The best orgasms are reached by imitating an ideal vagina.  So lets think about it.  What are vaginas like?  Warm.  Wet--but not like watery wetness--water tends to wash away oils that make it nice and slippery.  Kind of tight, but evenly so, and not like a strangle hold.   Textured  bumpy as shit.   And here's a list of factors that might affect your orgasm   General wellbeing   Diet  What have you eaten today?  Do you have to shit?  Do you constantly have to shit?  Are you feeling bloated?  Masturbating and then immediately taking a shit is not nearly as glorious as it sounds.   Exercise   Fapping is a full body experience.  The hormones secreted don't affect only your penis, so take cues from the rest of your body as well.  Even if it's just, "My arm is getting sore and my legs have fallen asleep."  Personally I admit that I'm into really athletic orgasms.  When I am about to come, I flex everything I possibly can.  Lately I've taken to masturbating while standing up and I come on point like a god damn ballerina.  The most awesome sex I have ever had involved arching my back into a full body bridge supporting my partner completely off the mattress.   Sleep   It is possible to be too tired to masturbate.  One time, I fell asleep with my dick in my hand.   Physical Conditions   Temperature  This should be fairly self explanetory, so I'll be brief.  Not because I don't think you need to be informed on the topic, but because I don't have any awesome stories to share.   Texture  Pay attention to what works for you.  How can you change the texture of your hand?  I have tried all kinds of shit; latex and rubber gloves, silk, cotton,  rags, socks, cardboard, my hand after having sanded it with 600 grit paper. Anyway, skin seems to work best for me.   Humidity  Yes. Humidity, even more than temperature affects how much you sweat.  It doesn't take a lot to make your palms or shaft sweat, and when you start to sweat, you change the coefficient of friction.  You change the sliding factor.  Your skin starts to stick to your skin and it just isn't pleasurable.   Lube   Water isn't the greatest lube. Oils and oil based products work well, but are often expensive and look very conspicuous in the bathroom.  Other shower products like body soap or conditioner also work, but beware of getting them in your dick slit.   You thought getting shampoo in your eyes was bad? That's cute.   No discussion on Masturbation can be complete without a note on stimulation;  It is important to devote a certain amount of time and energy to figuring out where your greatest concentration of nerve endings are.  Once I figured out that I had an enormous quantity on the top of my penis, just behind the head, I rubbed that spot exclusively and came very quickly.  But they weren't the highest quality orgasms, and I found myself bored, and masturbating as a chore.  So devote a bit more thought.  There are nerves at the base of your penis that would only get stimulated if you were up to your balls.  And in fact, a light sliding touch across the entire length to simulate deep thrusting is the most time consuming and arousing thing I have discovered I can do to myself.   Consider also when was the last time you had sex or masturbated.  From an evolutionary standpoint, the best thing you can do, second only to eating (and even that is debatable) is to empty your testicles.  But first, you need them to be full.  Average men take about 4 days to reach maximum sperm capacity, and we don't shoot all in one load.  If cave men are to impregnate many women, we cant afford that.  But if you're having sex three or four times a week, you may never reach maximum capacity.   My advice is this:  Prepare.   Take a few days to sleep well.  Eat food high in fiber to clear your colon.  Exercise enough to be energetic when the time comes, but not so much that you're sore and stiff.
0	Former small biz owner here.   Yelp did the same thing to use but used the term "filter reviews better" aka move any negative reviews to the hidden page and good reviews up when we said no all the sudden our two negative reviews (that were written by people who were never our us timers as we had names of every house we ever visited so we suspect a competing company wrote them) magically moved to the front page and all good reviews were now on the hidden filters page
0	My ex-girlfriend did the same. We were in a relationship for two years and the moment I broke up with her - because I knew she was crazy - she threw herself against a wall, punched herself, gave me a bitchslap and pepper sprayed my eyes. She ended up with scratches, some marks and a blue eye. I wanted to kick her ass but she ran into to the bathroom, closed the door and silently called the police. From that moment I walked to the frontdoor, opened the door and before I knew the police kicked me on the ground (i lived next to a police station). I spended  three days in prison. After that, she stalked me for four years, police didn't do anything. Otherwise, after she called the police, telling them I stalked her, they took me out of my house and I could spent my nights again in prison. It got me traumatized. I was (and still am) scared to open the door or go outside my house and I started to use marijuana.
1	ADC is all about proper positioning in team fights. Dont get killed at the start of a team fight. Try to stay more in the back and attack whatever comes your way. If it is a squishy - great! If not that is still okay. It is NOT wise to walk through the whole battleground just to try to attack the enemy ADC or AP mid - you will get killed ;)   Top: depends on the champion. With Olaf you want to do exactly what I just told you to not do as a ADC. With other champs like Malphite you want to wait for the right moment to use your ult and then slow their attack speed.   As a general rule of thumb melee Top wants to get quite tanky and just distract everyone from your own ADC/AP mid and go for the squishy champs. Ranged top behaves more like the ADC (e.g. Teemo, Jayce).
1	Don't level starcall early. What most people don't realize is that soraka has an amazing ability to poke and zone enemies alone, especially against melee supports. Try to go in for 1-3 autos and an E on the enemy ad carry when he last hits and then juke the minion aggro off in the sidebushes. If they commit on to you (use 1-2 abilities) use W on your self. Your ad carry can go in because the enemies have their abilities on cooldown. You can also keep the enemy melee support so low with autos and E that he can not commit on you or your ad carry. Same deal: land autos, but save your E! When the enemy melee support comes into ability range silence him and back off!   Now why you shouldn't level starcall is for the fact that E no longer gives you mana so you can't sustain that harrass and because it pushes the wave. In most cases you want to keeps the minions on your side of the lane and try to force the opponents to stay on their side with your poke on autos and E.   But don't underestimate starcall! It's really prominent lategame, when you are too tanky and irrelevant to be focused down and can stay in the mix laying down the starcall spam with magic defence reduce. Always spam starcall in mid-late teamfights, your mana pool should be able to support it and it really makes a difference.
1	Why are you bashing every ability of quinn?  you just need to keep playing her so these "bugs" can take then to your advantage. Lets go over all the ability's   Q:  Is her pushing skill, so it whould be stupid if she couldn't hit minions anymore. The thing with blinds it is negates basic attacks, but an empowerd basic attack like nasus Q is treated like a spell so i cant be blocked with a blind. The bigger hitbox from it even helps you in lane so you can poke with it even when they stand behind thier minons.   W:  Her W is actually one of her bread and butter skills, alle because of the passive effect. you even max it 2nd. because if you proc your passive you gain an AS steriod, and because of that you only need to build 1 AS item. and in her ult you gain a MASSIVE AS boost from your W.   E:  You are right that her e is kinda buggy but you don't bother most of the time. the only problem i have with it is that when u vault there is a slim chance that you vault of in some random direction.  And your "solution" for it to make you untargetable whould break the ability so much.   R:  The biggest problem people have with the button R is that you want to press it in a teamfight, but you dont use it in a teamfight. you use it as an escape and chase tool. or for example when u are splitpushing bot lane and thier adc comes bot to duel you, you can burst her down because of the blind you have and the assasinate potential of your ult.   Passive:  The passive is what makes Quinn the champion that she is. Lets go over your points.     The marks don't always detonate correctly.  That because it isn't there yet, and you can't proc something that isnt there.     But sometimes basic attacks won't detonate her E marks.  I never had this problem, well only with basic attack cansels     Marks provide vision on enemy champions, but disappear if the champion goes invisible.  That is because it gives vision, not true vision so it isn't a bug     Valor prioritizes enemy champions correctly, but applies marks well out of Quinn's attack range or ability range.  I kinda like that the range of her passive is very long, because you can mark the enemy adc and he will be scared to take cs.
0	Bullshit. I know someone hiring all the time for call center jobs and the people work for a week or two then quit. Then there are people who literally just have applications out for UE reasons or are mooches and don't even show up to interview.   Plenty of jobs are out there and plenty of people are like OP who want the perfect schedule for their lifestyle. He admits he turned them down. Nobody actually wants to work except for a few who enjoy it.
1	Leona has a few problems, her main problem being that Morgana and Thresh are super popular right now. Leona's other problem is that she is a super all-in champion: Once you go in, you are in and committed and you have no good inherent escape in case you get ganked or you made a mistake.   Morgana's spellshield makes Leona much more useless and (if somewhat good) forces Leona to be much more creative with her playing. All Morgana has to do is spellshield whoever Leona E's on and Leona can't do much to that person anymore.   Thresh, while not quite as big an annoyance as Morgana, can (depending on how good he is) flay Leona's e, effectively denying and stopping Leona's gapcloser and prevent Leona from getting close enough to do anything else. This of course gets a bit better at lvl 6 when Leona gets ult.   Zyra has been nerfed a good amount from before. She's still an amazing counter-engager with her ult but she is very squishy and dies if caught by pretty much anything. She does offer good poke though, still.   Annie support has been nerfed considerably since her glory days. Her passive stun now scales with levels (so it is weaker and stuns for much less at early levels) and the base damage of all her damage abilities have been lowered but she has better scaling (to weaken Annie support and strengthen Ap carry Annie). As a result, Annie is much less of a dominant early-mid game support.   I am not an AD main so the ADC stuff is just what I've observed/ believe   I actually see some Ezreals still and a few Graves every now and then. Ezreal's problem is that he needs to land his q to be effective (which has always been his problem) but Lucian and Twitch just seem to do so much more. I actually don't think Graves is that bad, he's kind of like a different Lucian. Graves is really more of an ad caster than an ADC with how his kit works, but he has to get pretty close and personal most of the time. With the safety/utility of Lucian and the pressure/assassination potential from Twitch, I assume Graves is just less useful.   Lucian is incredibly dominant early game and a great duelist/trader. A good Lucian can make a lot happen and he can still do damage from pretty far away with his ult. Lucian has an annoying amount of safety with his dash and the range of his ult. Twitch is pretty much an adc assassin that creates pressure when he can't be seen. He pops out of nowhere and bursts a squishy down with his ambush bonus, botrk, and ult. Most other ad carries lose pressure when they can't be seen on the map, but twitch actually gains pressure as long as he keeps making himself felt in the game.   As for Ryze, he is usually played top lane as a counter to most top laners because Ryze is really good at punshing and zoning most melee top laners (and guess what kind of top laners are popular right now). As a bonus he'll also usually end up scaling to lategame better than his top counterpart as well.
1	Nope, battlefield is an FPS, where there is one type of enemy unit to target "enemy player" anything that is negative to him is positive to you, there you go!   if there was a way to calculate your "skill" in league of legends it has to cover "team work" "timing" "positions" "how good you last hit" "times you should push to tower or freeze at your tower" decision of taking dragon or baron" not even AI from NASA can calculate that. there is no need to   calculate it like that because if there was people will still abuse the factors to get high elo when losing games, which is so stupid.....   there is a great system now, only problem is with duo-que that it brings misfortune to a few of the 10 players at high elo. there is no such thing as elo hell, anyone can get out if he can lead a team, i have proven this wrong several times to my friends, one was at 1000 the other at 900, i played on one of them and got him back to 1300, the other trained and got out of there.... and the only way you get there is when your bad to start with, the only way to get out of there is when you become good, accept it, stop thinking your better than everyone else and the system is bad, get better and carry.
1	Runes do make a difference (especially in early game) however you are correct, not having runes is not a huge difference, not enough to keep you from reaching your actual division anyway. I'm low plat, but if I was given a bronze account without any runes I am relatively sure I could get it back to plat because runes don't have such a huge impact on the game that it completely negates skill.
0	It's villain specific, so the answer is always, "it depends."   And as long as we are going to kill the joke, this particular analogue of poker is not a zero sum game, as there are outcomes in which both players profit.  For example, she is bluffing and he calls, knowing she has many bluffs in her range.  He stays with her and gets a favorable outcome. But she also stays with him which must also be a favorable outcome (if not optimal) because otherwise she would have left him and it would not have been a bluff in the first place.   Thus, her bluffing and him calling is plus EV for both of them.  There are many other interpretations we can come to regarding this situation that makes it more complex than you would normally think of a two possible outcome game, depending on the relative utility each of them receives from staying or leaving the relationship.
1	I feel like they may have forfeit because they didn't want the other team to learn their strats for the challenger series that they going to be playing on Saturday. The challenger series is much more important than this tourney, which may also be the reason why LMQ was trolling.
1	Just gonna put my grain of sand.   -It's a great game because of its diversity (114 champions, various ways of playing each one, etc etc)   -You're gonna notice the swap from controlling an army to controlling one single dude. But u'll get used to it, and probably will find it less stressful.   -This is a team game. Wich means you can't win alone (most of the time). There are some things that need the whole team, like baron nashor (a very big monster), take down their base, and that kind off stuff. Also u will kill mostly on 2v1 or 3v2, 1v1 happens rarely.   -The 1st levels will be a pain in the ass. Regardless of the douchebags u can find, the downside is the "smurfs". Those are max lvl (30) people who start a new account just to own new people. U're gonna have to deal with it, but after the first few lvls it will be ok.   -I reccomend you to start with a couple easy champions, like ryze, garen, ashe (this 3 are actually the ones on the tutorial), and learn the basics with them (laning, lasthitting, objectives, items, ganking, etc), then trying more complex champions. Also, you should start on coop vs AI games, then go to pvp games. (bots are usually dumber than new people).   -In this game you have to buy your champions (besides other things as runes) with ingame money that you make by playing. But, every week you have 10 different champions to try out. Try EVERY champion you can, at least once or twice. If you like them much, you can buy him. (don't buy the expensive ones when u're starting), if you don't like them at all, you haven't lost anything.   -Read guides, watch streams, learn the game. (After you've learned the basics, or you wont catch shit).   -Last advice. If you don't like a champion, and weeks later you find the same champion again free, or you feel like buying him, try him out again. As you learn more of the game, or simply play, your "style" will change, you'll start to like a kind of champions over others (assasin over tanks, sorcerers over carries, etc). For example, this week Orianna is free. She's arguably the hardest champ in the game. You probably won't like her, as happened to me. Maybe next time she's free, and you know more about the game u will like her (again, as happened to me, she's my main now :D ).   -Also: The sooner you start to hate teemo, the better it will feel when u kill him.   -
1	you are playing a game with 9 more people, if you annoy them the problem is you, not them.  as i said, there are regulations in the game and those regulations are really simple, my
1	it's not like they got to play because they were missing runes, you had just as good a chance to get in and play with your rune set, they queued at an opportune time, you didn't. My runes didn't end up missing, but i still got to play because i queued at a low traffic time and didn't close my client, yay! and you know what i should be getting from riot? nothing.
1	My personal favorite is when the AD tells me to "only use them on cannons" because "it's useless otherwise". I stated that, "if I have stacks and there are no cannons then I'd like to take the melees if possible". I was then flamed. My AD was 2-0, so I roamed mid, following their support. My AD then dies in a 1v1 and in all caps types "WHAT THE FUCK LEONA WHY DID YOU LEAVE LANE? WHERE THE FUCK IS MY SUPPORT?"
0	This was a lot of my childhood. My parents would get in these drag out fights (words only) pretty frequently. It got so bad that naive me would go in the bathroom and put towels at the bottom of the door so that I didn't hear them. Hey, I was 10 or 11 at the time. I just wanted a way out of it. In hindsight I wish they had noticed how much it sucked for me.   I had always wished for my parents to get a divorce, and when I was 12 I got that. But these things are funny. My parents said that I could choose who I wanted to live with; I chose my dad. Thus started a whole new fight, my mom fighting to get a psychiatrist to testify that I couldn't make that decision. Thanks mom.   It all sucked and it was demeaning. I had to meet with the elementary school counselor for some time because of their divorce. These meetings were always during recess. Fuck that. On top of that I kept insisting that I knew the divorce wasn't my fault, but every day it was a new story book about how Johnny's parents divorce wasn't Johnny's fault. Sigh. On top of that, my mom would spend the child support check at the Clinique counter at the nearby mall. That's something I don't resent, but I'll never forget. Nor will I forget the day she sat me down and said she was giving up the fight for custody. I was elated at the time, but seeing my mom so crushed slowly deflated me.   Ultimately it was the best thing to happen. Sucked at the time, and I really wish my parents wouldn't make jabs at each other to me, but hey. What are you to do? It gets better. Two Christmas mornings, two birthdays...etc. Have to take the positives.   Now they literally live on opposite coasts, one in Florida, one in Oregon. I find it pretty funny.
0	I feel that this may be an appropriate place to share my extremely anticlimactic story.  I hope you enjoy! I am a 23 year old Male that lives in Oklahoma City.  I have been through 13+ different encounters with women between the ages of 18 and 21.  After some self centering and realizations, I decided the way I was treating women was less than acceptable.  I stopped dating women and decided to friendzone myself and help them with their own male encounters instead.   2 years of being single has been a wonderful eye opener for me.  However, I completely forgot how to talk to women or what to do to show them I was interested.  I knew nothing more than how to friendzone myself.  Granted I had a few sexy encounters with some of my female friends, they all took place MONTHS after I took the time to become their friend. . .   With that being said, there is a restaurant her in OKC called Berverly's pancake house.  I had been there a few times over the past few years but $8 is a little expensive for me... With that being said, I have only eaten there about 6 times.   A few weeks ago, I went in with my buddy.  We had just finished work and decided to eat breakfast for dinner! How crazy are we....As we enter the restaurant, a cute waitress greets us and shows us to our table.  She is too cute and I'm immediately nervous.  She asks what we want to drink and of course, all I could manage to squeak out was "water with no ice...." Unfortunately, I sounded like a 12 year old boy when I said it...   That whole evening though was filled with glances and stares.  She would walk by and wink or smile.  She'd talk to me and only me.  She'd jump from table to table taking orders but pause at my table.  When I asked for my tab, she brought it to me.  I paid, she handed me my receipt, and I left without saying a word.   I felt like a complete fucking dumbass after that evening     A week later, I decided to go back.  Same day, same friend, same entree, same waitress.  When she saw me walk in, she smiled so big.  She ran over to us, greeted us, then led us to our table.  When she took our orders, she was shaking.  I didn't know what her deal was at the time.  My buddy finally pointed out that she looked real nervous.  Not only was she shaking, but she wouldn't stop looking at me.  I was really flattered.  This girl was very sweet but sarcastic. She had a good sense of humor for the short time I was graced by her waitressing presence and was very quick witted to top it off.  She had a very nice body too...I'll be the first to tell you I'm an ass man and, even though it's not the deciding factor, it really does help to have a booty.   With that being said, After the longest 30 minutes I've ever experienced, my buddy and I decide to leave.  We go to the register to check out.  She's waiting and smiling. My buddy pays for his, looks at me, shakes his head then leaves. I proceed to check out. She asks for my ID then playfully says my name "Nay-THAN." I smile and said "Yep..." Cue awkward silence for about 10 seconds. I then say "Now that you know my name, I gotta ask a couple things..." She smiles, brushes her hair behind her ear and says "Go ahead" I ask for her name and she tells me.  I then say, "If I give you my number, would you use it?" She grins real big, then quickly displaces it. She side smirks, looks at me and says "Maybe..."  DING  a couple of customers enter. She tells me she has to seat them.  I tell her I have to leave. She tells me to write down my number. I tell her I don't have paper.......... She gives me a real upset look and tells me to write it on my receipt. I tell her I need it.... Then tell her nevermind. I write it down with my name one it. I ask her what she wants me to do with it. She's in a small panic because she's trying to do her job and handle my unprepared stupid ass at the same time.  She tells me "UHH UHH UHH UHH IDK lay it on the counter or something!" I lay it on the counter, point at it, and say "okay...it's right next to the register..." Then I awkwardly leave...   I'm still waiting on a phone call.    I don't know if this was worth reading or not, but if you enjoyed it, I actually wrote a blog about all of my relationships leading up until about a month ago.  Feel free to check it out:   Thanks for reading.
0	This is actually a very sound survival strategy in a world where the lack of money is the primary source of grief and frustration with life.   In addition, it is especially true in a world where men are programmed from a very young age to judge women based on their physical appearance, which leads them to choose their mates based on those characteristics.
0	There is absolutely nothing we can do. We're owned by big corporations. Big corporations, big money, owns both the government AND media. Elections are a sham, because the winner will always be the "Cleanest" corporate puppet that can be found (clean i.e. no skeletons in the closet).   We're rapidly devolving into a plutocracy and we have no method or means to stop it from happening. I'm legitimately thinking of applying for asylum in canada on the basis that our government no longer represents the people of our nation, and I feel my freedoms and indeed my life are in jeopardy if I live here.   It may not be this year. It may not be five, or ten, or even fifteen years, but a revolution will occur if this road is to continue. Highly polarized nation, absolute government surveillance, extremely powerful military, increasingly poor general population, little representation.   All it will take is one movement to gain steam like Occupy, to be put down with more serious force under "terrorism" claims, before I no longer feel safe here. And I don't want to be a part of the rush to leave this hell hole when shit hits the fan.
0	Sales tax is not a federal tax and can vary by county.  It is applied when they "ring you up". This is a single percentage that applies to all consumer purchases.  Other taxes, like those on cigarettes, are already in the listed price. The only tax tacked on at the end is sales tax.   Since these are state taxes, the treatment of them gets tricky across borders.  Living in NJ, I can order from Amazon and not be charged sales tax (this will likely change soon), but if have it delivered to my fiancee's house in NY, it is charged sales tax.  This has to do with whether the company has a physical presence in the state it is being delivered to (I am pretty sure, but not 100%).   Likewise, I bought an engagement ring from a guy in NY, but rather than pay at the shop, I had him mail it to me in NJ, and I didn't need to pay sales tax.
1	I have always a problem with champions which are strong but balanced for such a long time and then get nerfed through the ground because a shift of the meta...   Cho'Gath was basically the same (he was my favorite champion for a LOOONG loong time). Somehow it was recognized that he could easily win fights against the whole enemy team alone while running away and get a tripple kill without problems. Then he was nerfed insanely on basestats, basedamage, health, extrahealth from his ult AND scaling.  He was undoubtedly broken, but it had still a bad feeling.   What I am trying to say is: Balance is something which really changes from the point of view you are standing on. For one, a champion almost always feels weaker when played then having to play against. But even more so, discovering all these neat lil tricks and builds really can uncover unknown depths to a champion.   Just plainly nerfing a previously balanced champ because a stronger strategy or a new meta develops doesn't seem ideal, even though I get while they can't possibly throw up a rework the very next week.   This difference is one of the main problem i feel with Riots balancing. They want a big player base, so they try to keep the game balanced at lower ELOs and even levels. Therefore stealth was and still is hard to balance. You can hardly expect a new player to now exactly where to put a sight or vision ward to protect yourself against a stunning (i.e. old) Eve, or Shaco.   Otherwise  the game is supposed to work on very high levels of play and for professional gamers who know all these things. That is for instance, what Blizzard is balancing for and they say basically to all the lower tier players: Deal with it. If you don't know how to defend against X look it simply up...   Really hard to say which of these ways to prefer.   From my standpoint: The more alive changing and creative the metagame is the better it gets. Guess we have to wait until season 3 (at least) to sea if Riot may change their attitude.
0	can confirm.   i have an uncle that's always been a bit off, but just chalked it up to the way he was.   my SO met him for the first time and asked me what was wrong with him, autism or something mild.   that day, it all made sense.
0	In which case, after the fact, you would be the person asking her out right? Even in the case with grown ups you initiate the "do you want to go out for drinks sometime" plan.   Nope. Nobody asks like that , it would be weird and awkward. Normally it goes like this: two people notice each other, one initiates flirting, the other responds. They flirt, laugh, touch a bit, drink some, talk, flirt more etc, rinse-repeat until they end up banging. Afterwards, if they want, they make plans together to go somewhere and do something (in vast majority of cases, it is something they both enjoy, and it turned out naturally mid-conversation).
1	sometimes this is the case tho,   scenario from my last game (me) ad sion vs teemo top, neither of our junglers ganked toplane I end up 1 kill and 40 cs ahead, and am capable of just ignoring his harass with my wriggles (in game time +- 17 minutes)   situation at the rest of the map: 15 kills for the enemy team against 4 by mine, the advantage that I had in lane is simply gone because 1 kill and 40 cs ahead of my lane opponent doesn't help me against the 6-0 kennen and 7-0 caitlyn   when stuff like this happens I feel it is appropriate to claim you have a bad team. It was impossible for me to help them with their 4v4s due to shrooms preventing me from going down river, and even if I would try teemo would at least get a tower out of it.
0	Well, when you want to celebrate being white what exactly are you celebrating? Did you all, as white people, make steps to overcome injustice and intolerance recently in the past 60 or so years? Did you have anyone come to your aid and help end the enslavement of white people? Did some people lure you from your countries with hopes of dreams and riches only to become railroad workers? Then, did you overcome that?   Now that's all in the past. How about recently? Were you all allowed to marry in some states? Is your oppression from the War on Drugs finally coming to light making steps to be rectified? Can your children stay in the country to take great advantage of an education system to their adulthood? Did a white person finally make it into the White House?   Now it's no secret and no small feat that overcoming these issue took the help of a number of white people of various specific races themselves other than just being white. What they have done, when it really comes down to it, is just take the country a step forward as decent human beings. That is not to say that we shouldn't thank them. That is not to say that, as white people, they should be as proud as us because at the end of the day, white people could be a lot more help in reversing some of the policies that have, and continue to, oppress a great deal of minorities.   So be proud, to be Italian, Irish, Polish, etc. because these races have things to be proud of. Celebrating just being white however is pretty sour. Things were already in your favor. Enjoy it by all means, it looks pretty cool sometimes, but try not to get too boastful.
0	She's actually not stupid and can make very valid points.](  People don't take her seriously sometimes because the way she acts and represents herself to the public eye.  She's a smart woman who knows what it takes in today's music industry to be at the top.
0	As someone who commutes through Philly every day, I must admit I have no idea what you're talking about. I see this a lot, and it's both annoying and dangerous every time. Rush hour traffic on the Schuylkill would be wildly improved if people could, for example, merge to and from the Boulevard without completely fucking everything up.
1	IMO, all this proves is that there is one more player in the other team that you don't know. You don't need statistics for that. For me, this has nothing to do with the so called ELO hell.   What I think people need to realize, is that different roles can have a different impact to the game. An insanely great support player will mostly not be able to turn the tides as much as a great AP/AD Carry player can (which is why it's called a carry - he carries the team in the late game, in a way.) Of course, if an AD carry (for the sake of that example) has a useless Support, he won't be able to farm well and get big. But again: I think the impact this has is a different one. On the other hand of course, if top lane feeds the other top laner and the jungler like hell, even the best carry mostly won't be able to turn this around. That's probably one defininition of the ELO-hell: you are good, but not great, and not able to turn such a game around single-handedly. This ofc does get normalized by the fact that this isn't always the case (you just remember them the most), there's a lot of games, and that that would be an extreme scenario, but as one of the top posts already states: lower ELO players are much more variable in their effective skill levels.   I do not know if there's a hidden MMR (which is much more variable) like in SC2 - but even that will never be able to always reflect the exact skill of the player, but it helps. This is part of the reason why any ELO system is flawed - but for the lack of a better system, ELOs are probably the most "viable".   Another thing: let's say someone in his 1500s duo queues with a friend who's around 1000. The system will try to compensate - of course it will, it has to. Now to my understanding, it does not (only!) search for players, where one is around 1000 and the other one is around 1500: players around the 1250s might also be viable. This is of course flawed, because there's likely a huge gap in skill between the two, and it will not be possible to find two players that are exactly "in the middle" of the two. That would be as if you would stick one hand in ice-cold water, the other one in boiling water, and say that on average, the temperature is just fine.   One last thing: I think the solo queuing system needs to include the current meta; you should be able to place your PREFERED roles in that game (something like "AP solo mid/ad duo bot/..." (exact thing in the current meta), "jungle/carry" (usual role) or just "bot lane", whatever works best) and rank them all, 1 through 5 (or so). You can't be sure you get what you wanted, but players who hate to jungle won't have to. This is likely irrelevant for the actual ELO, especially at higher ELOs (most players can play more roles and some of them are even able to communicate their wishes), but it would make it more fun if you're not forced to go whatever's left if theres three wannabe ap mid players, and the other not-mids still dick around in the now duo mid lane, then dick around somewhere else, and effectively cost you the game.
1	Game 1: You argued with your team over multiple things calling other people noobs and calling yourself the best support euw. Rather than being rude to your teammates try to help them out in a positive way.   Game 2: You threatened to feed your lane.   Game 5: You called everyone a noob. Created a lot of drama. Instead of flaming at everyone for not buying wards...ask them politely and buy some yourself.   You seem to have a bad attitude when your teammates start to do bad. Help them out in a positive manner and not be a jerk by calling them noobs and flaming, even if they are less skilled than you
0	So, the Maple Leafs are a hockey team from Toronto. A very storied and history rich hockey team that has had a lot issues in the past couple decades (management, bad player deals, etc.) You basically have to really hate yourself to be a Leafs fan at this point, especially after the events that unfolded the post season this year...   Now Vancouver has their own hockey team: the Canucks. An expansion team without the history that the Leafs have, but with good management they've been a competitive force in the Western Conference. They, however, cannot seal the deal in the post season and have yet to win a Stanley Cup in their entire club history.
1	Imo it should be common courtesy if a tournament host is streaming and asks players not to stream they should abide (even if it's not written in stone.)"   Seriously? Think about the viewers for a moment, why do people watch own3d.tv streams of NESL games instead of the official twitch.tv stream? I don't know about others but for me it's because twitch.tv's stream sucks - I can't stream 720p without lag, hell I can't even stream 240p without lag. It may be that their service is very poor for my part of the world (NZ), but then consider that I can have THREE own3d.tv Streams going at once on highest quality WITHOUT ANY LAG AT ALL. It's all about the better service, I'll put up with ads and watch if it doesn't lag and has good video quality. NESL using twitch.tv doesn't give me that, so I watch own3d streams.
1	I have over 1400 dominion games played (700+ wins) and have played Dominion on and off since it came out. Here's my take.   Do I think dominion needs some love? Absolutely. I can understand why the OP would write something as dramatic as this, because frankly the Dominion community has been in large part abandoned and forgotten by Riot. But I think there's a better way to get Riot's attention on this.   Dominion is probably a perfect tool for people at Riot to learn about managing player expectations. I don't recall the exact posts, but somewhere we were told all they had to do was "flip the switch" for ranked and they were waiting to see the health of the game before doing that. A few years later, here we are and still no ranked. Now why this is, I couldn't tell you. Probably a lot of factors come into play. Overall popularity, balance, steep learning curve, player perception, rampant botting, etc.   My problem isn't that there isn't ranked, or that the mode isn't popular.  My problem is the lack of communication by Riot on what they intended for Dominion to be, and what they intend for it to be in the future.   Riot is OUTSTANDING at communicating with players for almost every other aspect of the game. They pride themselves on being player focused, and I believe that they are. However, there's been too many inconsistencies in Riot's already small amount of communication about Dominion over the years. There is a playerbase that is super passionate about Dominion, and I think they deserve a meaningful answer on the state and future of Dominion.   The thing is... is that I don't even think Riot knows what they want to do with Dominion. There's only a handful of Rioters who work on Dominion, and it's only one of many projects that they probably work on. This ultimatum is pretty rash. I think what we really need is an executive decision from Riot on what they want to do with Dominion, and for that direction to be communicated to us. Being left in the dark for so long has been really disheartening. I don't play Dominion nearly as often as I used to.
0	several of the celebrities were underage and people refused to remove those images from the submissions.   This is not true. The mods of /r/fappening made a post explaining the ban on those images and then removed them all.   Also, no celebrity has actually admitted to being underage in the pics because that would make them producers of child porn, i.e., self offenders.   Reddit is  all about public opinion . Reddit is "too male"? Force /r/TwoX into the defaults even though no one likes it. A particular non-politically correct subreddit gets criticized by Anderson Cooper or some other media figure? Bring out the ban hammer while leaving similar subs alone.
0	The devil doesn't punish evil.  The devil started out as a proud angel who sought to be greater than God.  In return he was banished from the presence of God, and now he roams the Earth.  He is in complete denial that God is in control.  The devil does tempt humans to sin, deny God, etc. because "misery loves company."  He's mission is to keep humans eternally separated from God.  But, as prophesied, in the end of times, Archangel Micheal will cast the devil into the pit of fire and any humans who did not put their faith in Jesus Christ will spend eternity there as well, separated from God.  So, to answer the raptor, the devil doesn't punish evil, he want us to be evil to keep us from God, but doesn't have the capacity to know that by us becoming evil, we, in the end, will be punished.  He's ignorant to that.
1	As someone that mains mid and is in love with AP (and just generally mages in any game) I agree. The only new item I buy on AP champs is Liandry's Torment (Haunting Guise upgrade). AA Staff is the only item that changed mechanically that I buy, and I've never bothered with the new DFG. (Though I see it being strong on certain champs.) Most AP mids don't even have a good option for boots enchantments; I only bought +15 ms after I was full build, and Furor on Ryze. So yeah, builds changed a bit, but I get jealous when I see our Singed top with 5 totally new items.   Also, I'm the kind of person that tries EVERYTHING full AP. (Think Blitz, Leona, Janna, Amumu, Mao, Ali, Malph, Xin, Varus and of course good ol' Teemo. When Vi came out, the first thing I did was ask for her AP ratios.) Therefore, I hated Riot for the stacking cleavers. I mean, it made me win a game in which I played cleaver-stacking LB. And even after the nerf, I've seen more Kha'zix mid than Ahri...   My suggestion would be to lower the cost on Needlessly Large Rod (but adjust Deathcap, DFG and Zhonyas recepe cost so the total stays the same), nerf stacking HP and buff armor.
0	When I was attending college, before started dating my wife, I had the hots for one of my classmates. We often talked in class and communicated well. after a few weeks tried my luck and asked her out. Did not go well, gave me the friend option, I just respectfully declined and told her I would not be able to keep a just friends relationship going. I felt like a dick but she did not act anymore different to me in class same cheerful person. What most of these people need to do is cut lose and dont torture yourself, the person does not know how you feel to them you are still some friend, you are the one that is suffering.
0	She wants you to figure out what they mean because for some reason she feels you should know, and when you figure it out you'll have passed her subconscious test. Sometimes people want their SO to do something without them having to spell it out, because if they have to say exactly what they want then you'll do it not because you're in tune with their feelings and actually want to do what they want, but because they said to.   It's kinda annoying, it's probably considered childish, but I'm guilty of doing stuff like this. For me I was insecure about the relationship and wanted her to show me she cared. Did I tell her that when she asked? Nope, because then she'd say/do something to get me to stop acting mopey, instead of realizing what I really wanted on her own and in doing so showing she cared. I've since figured out this is a terrible strategy, but something like that could be what's going on in your case.
1	Honestly, I don't know why people are telling you to watch streams or view guides to improve your own play. Assuming that your item builds are decent, I think that you just need to focus on your mechanics (i.e. farming). Don't worry about improving your decision making just yet. Most people at this level of play focus solely on killing whoever their laning opponent is, and as a result average ~100 cs in a 30 minute game. Practice last hitting in custom games. If you farm well, you can carry HELLA hard.
0	It's probably your fault. Bad braking habits is what causes people to do this.   I am this passenger, but I only do it for two specific drivers. My wife and my brother.   My sister, best friend, and other friend don't get this from me. They know how to brake early and correctly, and they don't constantly "push" the people ahead of them.   If I am a passenger, and there is plenty of room in front and behind us, the three good drivers I mentioned always create as much space in front and behind us as they can. My wife and brother will proceed to push ahead and close the gap with the car in front. They might not ride right up on their ass, but they still unnecessarily get closer to a car despite there being plenty of room on the road.   The wife and brother also start to brake about 2 seconds after I have thought "they should be braking". The three good drivers brake at the same time or before I am thinking it.   Maybe I am being a shitty passenger, but I don't think so, being that there are plenty of drivers that don't make me brace at all.
1	Hi!   I'm (as of right now) a Gold 3 ADC main who was: Season 1 - Unranked Season 2 - Bronze (800 ELO iirc) Season 3 - Silver 1 Season 4 - Gold 3 (as of right now)   I definately see where your coming from in your battle to reach the next division, and trust me when I say I've been in your shoes. Let me tell you what I did to break the silver 1 threshhold and continuing to climb!   In S4, I, like you, went 6-4 in my placement matches and placed in Silver 4. The climb back to Silver 1 seems like it was business as usual so lets skip that...   It took my 5 promotion series to finally go 3/1 and hop on the gold hype train. Although 2 of these series were lost due to all that DDoSing crap, 3 of them were lost to my own underperforming play. I noticed that you tend to underperform when its your promotion series due to the mentaility people go into promotion games with.   "I gotta carry the randoms so I can win" "I gotta go 40/0 so I can carry everyone else"   You get my point. Everyone falls victim of the "if I don't carry, we don't win" mentality, which loses you games more often than not. What I eventually did to win my promos is to NOT CARE about the promotion matches, treat it like any other match and enjoy the game. This keeps you in that peak form you were in to get to 100 LP.   Play to improve your own mechanics and game knowledge, not to climb leagues. Don't forget that the league system is simply a "mask" to the real ladder, which is MMR. It wont matter if your Silver 1, when your MMR represents a Gold level player.
1	Honestly just drop Dominion and rotate all of the different fun modes Riot has created. Why the heck Riot spends its valuable time making these modes only to scrap them 2 weeks later seems silly and frivolous.   Rito, I and many others I'm sure would agree that the fun modes are very enjoyable but just not something people want to spam like Summoner's Rift. While this is the case we don't want them to disappear after only getting a taste.   A good comparison is ARAM. Most of the community is not just doing ARAMs for hours at a time but it doesn't mean we want it to be gone in 2 weeks. It would be beneficial to the community and provide Riot a way to compete with other games such as DOTA and Heroes of the Storm which both contain different game types and thrive due to this.
0	Late to the party, but true story:   One time at work, I had a headache.  I asked around if anyone had medicine.  Someone suggested that Tom had some.   I went to his office and jokingly said, "Hey, man, I want some  drugs !"   He got this deer-in-the-headlights look and said "...  WHAT ?"   I continued, "They said you had some tylenol?"   He was scared as shit, and then let out a big sigh of relief, opened his desk drawer, said, "oh, yeah, there ya go."   I took some of the pills and left, while he stayed there, still scared out of his mind.
1	This is spot on! Maybe dragged a bit too long but it is worth the time!   I really liked the part where he said how people say stuff for someone being a try-hard and they have never played neither ranked nor play normal to win or have fun just to "fuck around" (his words :P)!   I totally agree with this... It's so frustrating when you want to play normals to both have fun and practice (genuinely) and try your best and there is this guy that being level 30 and having 500 wins behaves like he just wants to waste YOUR time and plays like he's never played the game before... that's just absurd!
1	What do you learn from the timers? It isn't something that you can get used to playing with in normals and then transition it to ranked, you still have to manually time after disabling the auto timers again, unlike the graphical tower range in bot games which help you learn the tower ranges.
1	Riven is a beast. Talon is good for pubstomping, but Riven rapes solo top at high Elo. She does retarded damage and her harass with Q's + autoattacks + stun + shield out is powerful. She can AoE a whole team.   Graves is also good AD, but Trist/Cait/Vayne are also very strong.
1	I don't think they do proc lich bane.   as far as the other question, that depends on whether plant damage benefits from your Mpen. If no, then abbysal scepter is going to be a superior option because it will be the only thing you can do to give plants effective mpen.   if they DO benefit from your mpen, then void staff is still only going to be superior when the enemy team is rocking high magic resist. The magic number for void staff here is going to be 58 magic resist, because that is the point where void staff starts penetrating MORE than abyssal.   But that isnt the number you should be looking for before you buy it.   Due to game mechanics magic penetration works in the following order     Flat magic reduction (Abyssal Sceptre, Morgana Puddle, Raka stars)     Percentage magic reduction (Trundle Ultimate for example)     Percentage magic penetration (Void Staff)     Flat magic penetration (Sorc boots, Liandry's, Runes)       With masteries, your %mpen comes out to about 40.2% (%Mpen stacks multiplicatively), and with runes, your flat mpen will be about 40.   So the number you want to see to reduce the enemy's Mres to zero is 67.   Of course, this is all dependent on how much ap your team has. Abyssal sceptre is nice because it reduces the mres for anyone who attacks the enemy team. The additional magic resist tacked on is nice as well.   That said, how much base damage are you giving up for this mpen?   You'd have 260 ap, that comes out to 213.9 damage per plant attack (also none of my calculations included liandrys burn or Sotel damage, so you'll be doing a bit more damage than that.)   But you'll be doing vastly more damage to low resistance targets, due to the nature of magic resist damage reduction. (Also liandrys will burn for more! yay!)   How much?   Assume we're at that magic point I mentioned earlier where you can cut their resistance to zero. at this point you are doing 213.9 true damage per hit, plus 4% of their max health as burn damage, plus 40 true damage from SotEL.   If you didnt have the mpen though, and went rabadons, you'd be up against 21.64 mres.   According to the wiki, the formula for damage reduction is   Damage multiplier = 100 / (100 + MR) if MR  0   so 100/121.64 = .82209   .82209 * 246.79 = 202.88   So about ten more damage against a squishy. but lets talk bruiser.   lets go with about 120 mres, as that seems to be a pretty common number on beefsticks and tanks.   With Void staff, you have reduced them to 31.76 mres. that comes to be 100/131.76 = 0.75896   213.9 * 0.75896 = 162.34 plant damage   versus   rabadons you'd reduce them to 70.4 Mres.   100/170.4 = 0.58685   246.79 * 0.58685 = 144.83 damage   Now that's effective. But again, Zhonyas can be worth it if you need the armor/active.
1	I like how nowadays on reddit every post has a
1	Want to know about it, but midterms get in the way of reading this stuff.....
1	Anecdote of the exact experience this guy is describing: I'm Yorick top, against Nunu. First couple minutes go well for me because I'm QWEWQWEQWE Yorick. Then the yeti gets two ganks on me (through lane) and it all snowballs (haha!) out of control because an ice blast is chunking me for 1/3 of my HP. What turned it around was the realization that I was going to get stomped if I dragged out the laning phase, so I asked my team to group up and start roam-pushing. We ended up winning because all I did was peel for my ADC and ult my Katarina and allow her to recklessly ult anywhere she damn well pleased.
1	The real issue isn't buff control, but Baron control.   Statistically, [the team who gets Baron first wins. (nearly 77% of the time in week 3)]( While this only represents one week of the NA + EU LCS, this percentage is almost always consistently above 50%.   Blue side [also has easier access to Baron.]( As you can see in this image, Blue side has closer entry points and retreat paths from the Baron pit, while Purple side has to walk around or use a [dashing]( ability to leave the Baron pit safely. This allows Blue side to catch someone out of position and have a better engagement in a team fight, giving them a better chance to win.   I hope this helps you understand the Blue side map advantage on the professional level. For the solo-queue level, the real advantage is [the double golem camp]( for Blue side's bottom lane and the gank routes for [Blue side's top lane]( being safer and more effective than [Purple side's options.](
1	I apologize if I come off as arrogant, as I am far from a top player myself, however:   It has been my experience that players don't have a concept of what an average player's skill level is. This results in them being placed in games with players whom they view as inferior. [Dunning Kruger bias]( results in players assuming that they are significantly better than all their peers, and postulating that the only reason they are in "ELO hell" is because terrible players only exist on their team to keep them there.   My numbers might be a bit off, but if 1200 is the average ELO, then your average player, by definition, should be in those 1200s. Playing games is the only way to slowly creep out of this range, as the population forms the bell curve of skill levels. Most players will be in the 1000-1400 range, with the better players being 1500-1600, and the best being the outliers, not the norm.
1	feed" isnt always the correct word, if you just get outplayed really often, you didnt feed the other lane opponent. feeding should only be a term if you give the enemy kills on purpose, to make your own team lose.
0	I agree that my use of right and wrong seems hypocritical on the surface. My statement that "Intentionally hurting another human being is wrong" was based on the idea that all humans are intrinsically free to think and do whatever they like, as long as their actions do not interfere with the rights and freedoms of others. Hurting a person against that person's will is a violation of this principle. This is not a question of morality as much as it is a question of universalizing human rights. Any right or freedom that I hope to preserve for myself, I must also recognize and preserve for others.   The question of self-defense is also interesting since the defender is depriving the attacker of his/her freedom to act^*. Morality aside, I would argue that if an attacker is willfully depriving another person of his/her rights, then the person who behaves defensively must be careful to ensure: (1) that an attack has legitimately occurred; (2) that the interaction between perceived "attacker" and "victim" is against the will of the "victim" (insert tangent about my childhood dog biting anybody who hugged me because she thought I was being attacked); (3) that the defensive behavior does not exceed mere prevention of the attack, i.e. the defensive behavior should not inflict unnecessary harm (excessive use of force) in order to stop the attack from occurring or continuing; and (4) the defensive behavior is not interfering with the rights and freedoms of others.   In the case of the card-switching florist (or homophobic florist of my example), I would argue that several of these points were violated by the florist who could have easily said, "I'm sorry, I cannot serve you because I morally object to your behavior. For the sake of everyone involved, please reconsider your lifestyle choices." [florist's hypothetical words, not mine]   You could argue that the florist was behaving in a manner that defended the rights of the unseen parties, the wife and the girlfriend. However, based on the evidence available, we don't know whether an actual attack was occurring. All we know is that a guy was trying to buy flowers for two people in an attempt to express affection toward those people, and he made a request of the florist so that the recipients would not be confused. If your moral code prohibits non-monogamous relationships, then you will likely conclude that the man's behavior is an attack against the other parties and those parties must be defended. (I would argue that the florist was actually defending the moral code itself and not the other parties, but that's irrelevant.) If you allow the man to behave according to his own moral code, that is, if you respect the man's right to moral autonomy, then you realize that the florist has just committed an injustice against the man by violating points #1, #2, and #4 above. To the extent that the card switch causes prolonged emotional pain in the other parties, then you have violated point #3 above.   ^* On the issue of preventing an attacker who has the "intention to harm" versus one who has committed "actual harm": From a purely objective standpoint, when no action has been taken by a purported attacker, the role of defense and attack are undefinable (this is why preemptive military strikes seem so controversial). When someone threatens to commit a "greater harm", they are not punished for committing that greater harm, they are merely prevented from committing that harm (assuming points #1 and #2 are true, and that the preventive behavior does not violate points #3 or #4).  Which reminds me of a little detention center that the United States government opened up in Cuba...   Side note: #1, #3, and #4 is why the Han Shot First controversy is a big deal because it means that Han was the bad guy and Star Wars folklore has difficulty integrating that image with the image of Han the hero.
0	Don't blame reddit... blame yourself for BEING A MONSTER!
1	I use a Dell XPS 15 L502X series currently - LoL hasn't given me any problems; however, other games have been an issue such as Aion, CoD: MW2 and MW3, sometimes CS:S, and a couple other games.  For any other L502X users who are experiencing freezes with their laptop while gaming (screen is frozen and you hear an endless 1 second loop of sound and you can't do anything except hard restart your laptop) I would suggest using this program called MSI Afterburner.  Reduce your core and memory clocks by 100 MHz and then try playing your games.  Remember to reapply the settings whenever you shut down or restart your laptop.
1	I have a general rule when playing Karthus, never ever ever try to 1v1 someone. Maybe if they happen to be really low and you are healthy but otherwise just don't do it, their adc, ap carry, top lane bruiser and jungle can all 1v1 you with ease, its even hard to trade even with your ult after you die.   Karthus can carry games, he is a late game God, but is still the easiest to kill if he isn't protected. Karthus is the teamfight king with all that AOE, with Seraph's Embrace and Zhonias you can make sure you live long enough to deal that teamfight damage. Your ult can hit for 1000 dmg with a full build.   Until teamfight time, I feel like the best way to play is to farm right beside your tower with Q, using E to make sure the wave doesn't push to your tower. Exhaust and flash along with the fact that you are always beside your tower will make it hard for them to dive you even 2v1.   Personally I think that since he is so weak early and so strong later the ideal setup is scaling ap runes with some spellvamp to sustain in lane and last longer in those teamfights.
0	Not entirely sure I understand your point. LGBT or LGBTQ is a useful term to describe a community of people whose sexual or gender identity contrasts with the hetero one society traditionally promotes. Its a helpful term to describe a broad group, who stand together often because of a shared concern of living in countries which have historically (and still currently) treat them poorly for how they identify. They are a union of sexual minorities.   Are you suggesting that the acronyms exclusion of heterosexuality (which would serve no purpose) somehow undermines what the rainbow flag is supposed to represent? If so, I don't think I agree. They pertain to two different things. Its a little like suggesting that the US flag isn't inclusive of all states because Texans don't label New Yorkers as Southerners.
1	My name is Tiffany too...and my boyfriend is the reason why I got hooked into playing League of Legends.  I don't like cursing much but playing this gosh darned game...it turns me into a different person.  u_u;; So we're both screaming at our laptops at our team for not understanding how to play/defend or any other number of things they seem completely oblivious to.  This game turns you into a monster...x-x it really does.
0	If that's what people think Sonics fans did/were supposed to do, they are gravely mistaken.   Let me put it this way (and this is not based on my own feelings as a fan): Once Seattle gets a team again (whether it be through expansion or relocation) OKC will probably end up being our rival, based purely on the spite and contentment most fans around here harbor towards the "OKC Franchise".   Seattle has gotten screwed over by the NBA (the deal really should have ended up like our attempts to acquire the SA Kings or we should have gotten the Kings, not this middle ground we find ourselves in), and it is just one more instance that continues to perpetuate this persona of Seattle being an underdog (the very same reason we are so electrified over the recent emergence of the Seahawks as a respectable team in the eyes of the NFL, or at least no longer a joke team in a joke league).   I can see why most people around here do not support the Thunder, I agree with the sentiment on most counts, but I do not extend that to the players themselves. I will always enjoy watching Kevin Durant play just as I still love watching Ray Allen on the Heat and when he was with the Celtics (I even came to love Russel Westbrook and James Harden through their championship run last year) but the fact remains that our scum bag owner did a scum bag deal with another owner that was allowed by scum bag Stern and would not hear any other proposals that sprung up in 2008, and our investors made a FAR more impressive deal than Sacramento did to keep the Kings. We were robbed of a team and we are not going to support the franchise now that it has been taken from us.
1	Dude its not needed because the rank you are at is roughly the rank you deserve. Like im silver 2 so id belong somewhere in between Silver 4 and Gold 5 roughly in skill level and I know that. But when I did my provisionals on a smurf I got placed gold 3. Anygame I play on that account now I just get wrecked.(Well not completely wrecked but its not exactly fun lol) Its just a waste of rp to do it because elo hell does not exist. I noticed this when I first got to silver from bronze and my friends who were still in bronze duoed with me. I shit all over the enemy even though I should be pretty close in skill to them.
0	My new tactic when I switch departments or work with new guys is to immediately let them know that I don't need no damn dick riders, bitch, get up off my shit.   And his point is that it's wrong to assume that every guy you ever meet at work is out to get your vagina, and that you're special just because your junk goes in where others go out.  It's all perspective.
0	Reddit rallies behind net neutrality, meanwhile mods filter out a meme.   I was never a huge fan of it, but also never hated it. Why not let the upvotes decide what memes can be on here?   EDIT:
0	Second that. As a teacher in maths, I would say when giving an open question along those lines "solve this poblem" from time to time you will face students using original ways to get the right answer. You cannot 1/ say it is wrong if the answer is right as well as the method 2/ you can only tell yourself next time to be more specific on the way you formulate your exercise.
1	It's not spontaneous. I feel like people aren't really reading what Riot posted in this thread.   From Riot Sargonas:   "The application still has this functionality in place for general use and other games, however Curse has modified the program to "turn off" this feature in combination with league of legends. This was one changes they made, yes. That's probably why you still see this on their site."
1	I think a lot of people aren't suggesting the best counter pick. Ryze is very good against renekton in lane because he can completely nullify all-ins by using his rune prison. Not only that but he can also consistently poke renekton down after getting tear. The only true threat a Renekton poses to a Ryze is the fact that he can set up really good ganks on Ryze since he has a gap closer and stun and Ryze can only use his rune prison on one person. Eventually as the game goes on, if you are playing Ryze and you manage to make it to late game, regardless of winning lane or not, you will be much more useful than him since you can wipe out his team and provide a good frontline while all he does is soak damage.   If you are not confident in being able to play the Ryze vs. Renekton matchup I would suggest picking people who can go relatively even in lane while still being able to have good impacts in the game. Champions such as Shyvana, Lee Sin, Munco and Trundle are usually able to lane vs a Renekton without giving up free kills or being massively outfarmed and pretty much all of them are more useful in the later parts of the game as well (Lee is more or less dependant on your mechanics with him).   I used to main renekton but I really think he just falls off too hard compared to the really good late game tanks and bruisers and this is what you usually want to use to your advantage.
1	I agree it is really dumb but there is a reason behind it. It is against the rules to post something not league related period. Yes /r/lolfanart exists but that doesn't mean that art isn't allowed here. If art can only be posted to lolfanart then it could lead to worse things tbh. imagine all TSM post getting deleted because they are posted in /r/leagueoflegends and not /r/teamsolomid
1	How many stupid ass threads are going to be made about the trash talking? You want esports to be like sports? Trash talking is going to occur. People weren't begging the NFL to fine Richard Sherman when he called Michael Crabtree a sorry ass receiver and not a single Seahawk fan felt the need to apologize for the fact that Richard Sherman was trash talking. It's apart of competition. If you don't like the fact that people are going to turn super competitive and some what angrier individuals when this is their lively hood and this is something they have a passion for then you shouldn't watch any type of competitive sport. You want to know why this sub reddit hates TSM? Because this sub reddit wants to act like hipsters. TSM has always had the largest fan base and for a while it was cool to be a TSM fan. Now it's cool to be a TSM hater.
0	I had a very similar thing happen to me. I went to interview at a competing restaurant in a different district in DC as I was not happy with how things were going at mine. Turns out, the GM at the restaurant I went to/the woman who interviewed me happened to be long time friends with the GM of my restaurant. I heard through the grapevine that boss lady at new place spoke to boss lady at my place and was explicitly told not to hire me for "going behind their back."
1	Reading your comments on this thread and speaking from experience, I'd recommend 3 levels of play and expectation instead of your current 2. Also,  remember that you can only control your actions and reactions. If you get in an argument in all chat and get reported even though the other dick was the problem, you probably deserved it for being annoying and perpetuating the rage.   1) Ranked: I'm going to decide to stick to meta and play roles and champs I am comfortable with and I know my builds for. If someone feeds or rages, I can mute and report them while still trying to focus on my mechanics for this role (which based on your current rank is something you probably desperately need to do to get better).   2) Normals: I want to relax a bit and play a game where I don't have to play my main roll. I do this here because I can fail and it won't matter. Also, if there are trolls/bitches and I mute them, it won't really matter because I am learning a champ or role I'm not completely confident about and I'm kinda planning on losing. Here, of course, trying to win is still important, but again, you can focus on mechanics of the role or champ and ignore everything else.   3) ARAM: Fuck it, I'm going 100% attack speed Annie... or I might build regular, but who the fuck cares?
1	Just work on improving your own skills last hitting map awareness and positioning. Dont worry too much about your team mates and if you do give them advice do it in a nice way. Also dont get phased when a team mate or enemy bashes you in chat there will always be trolls. Dont feed the trolls it only fuels them and detracts from your focus. You will win some and lose some dont let your fear of losing elo discourage you from playing. If you hit a long losing streak maybe take a break and assess what you might be doing wrong and work on it.
0	I have a friend who get insanely pissed off when she sees men out at the bar with wedding rings on. I mean, like irrationally pissed. She has no vested interest in their relationship status. I distinctly remember being at a bar on a Friday evening, around happy hour time, with her. A few guys came in, obviously out for happy hour after work. They sat down at the bar together, got a few beers and just shot the shit. Typical guy stuff, I'd assume. She saw them and started freaking out about how she thought it was disgusting when men went out in groups the cheat on their wives. They weren't talking to any women. They weren't looking at any women. They were a group of men having a few beers together. She would not calm down. I thought about going up to them and asking them to explain to her that they were not cheating on their wives. They were just out having beers. But, I didn't want to give any kind of validity to her insanity.
0	I am going through this now. Its definitely not that we don't love each other. For me it seems to be a few things, a lot of stress at work, being exhausted as a result makes it actually unappealing to have sex; It's just so much work to make her happy, where 5 minutes and an internet connection is easy.  I wouldn't say she has 'let herself go' but she isn't the same girl as before figure wise and that plays some role, as well as a little bit of boredom and what i like to call "grass is greener syndrome". But ultimately 90% of the issue is me, I work in a pretty sedentary desk job and for the last couple of years have been really lazy, now I am blessed with good genes and high metabolism so looking at me you'd never know i sit on my ass 90% of my awake hours looking at a screen. But mentally I felt like shit, recently started hitting the gym again 3 times a week and the results have been awesome, sex life is returning and I even have her starting to want to get active and get her figure back.   Wow that got long
1	Just because someone doesn't have something of their own doesn't mean they can't criticize someone else's. Have you ever not liked a restaurant? Well where is your multi million dollar chain of restaurants. That was simply stupid.   No one said anything hiring people who aren't qualified or outsourcing. I'm striking this one as irrelevant.   Don't make comparisons. With more manpower, the problems on the backburner could be addressed.   He said he personally doesn't care about ip but it could be used in several different ways to improve the game. Read a little more closely.   The tech support it slow. I've put in 2 or 3 tickets in my career and they have always taken ~1 week.   Server issues are server issues and companies need to with issues. If they were isolated or we at least had some sort of knowledge on what was happening with them, it would make a lot of people happy.
1	Athenes costs too much and gives too little ap compared to morello. stinger is the most cost effecient item on him and he needs it. morello + 10% cdr from runes/masteries and stinger, gives you 40% cdr and 90% attack speed. This grants you higher dps than athenes + rabadons. I prefer to get the flat cdr because I can get 40% cdr faster and the faster I get 40% cdr the faster i can take baron. Also with more attack speed you have more baron/dragon/tower damage. The only reason I would suggest athenes is if you don't know how to manage your mana, but morello is more than enough especially with blue buff.
0	ANNNNND this is pretty much why i drink... really the only way i can stand to be around people without wanting to smash my face into a wall attempting to have a conversation with them.
0	Story time. I used to work Ravens games and used to hang out in the security office.  One game we get a call that this dude lost his cell phone. We check the lost and found and nothing was returned. Same guy calls ten minutes later saying some guy found the phone and is demanding $200 for it and wants to make the exchange at some set place and time. Three Baltimore police officers, surely there to just to watch the game, stand up and march out of the office. Poor guy probably got his ass handed to before going to central lockup.
1	OH COME ON CLG.EU LOST DUE TO JETLAG AND TRAVEL TIME
0	You realise that more people now know about it and even if your post convinced some of those who previously did, to not watch it, the % of people who didnt know and now know, that wont be convinced, added to the number of people who are left not convinced by it will probably be a much greater number than the number that would have watched it without you making your post.
0	I know I should usually be posting in /r/iamgoingtohellforthis but shamefully disgrace myself in AdviceAnimals. It is wrong and deserves condemnation. Mea Culpa.
0	One: the father helped defend OJ.   Two: Kim was a personal shopper for either Paris or Brandy or both   Three: Kim's name was out there because of her ties to other reality stars and who her dad was.  She got her picture taken by paparazzi and was invited to the right parties.   Four: Kim filmed a sex tape with her boyfriend Rayj, it was released.  It's debated as to why and whom released it.  Many think Kim consented to it because Paris' tape sky rocketed her in popularity.   Five: reality show starts, focuses on her and her family.   Ok so that is a brief history of how, I'm sure I am missing things...let me explain why.   Why: there is always a fascination with people whom seemed to live a lifestyle that many want.  Whom hasn't dreamed about being rich, partying with celebrities, wearing expensive name brand clothing, buying expensive things, and living luxuriously?  Granted, many of us out there don't care about that stuff (raises hand) but I guarantee you everyone has thought and dreamed about it at least once.   For many people, they get hooked watching their "lives."  Like many reality shows, I'm sure parts of it are fake and dramatized which causes repeat viewers/fans.  It's also fascinating to some to be able to see a life style that many of us will never have or even experience second hand.   I'm not a fan, I don't like them, but I get why shows like their or those real housewives garbage get viewers.  Shows like that are not going to go away because they do get ratings and advertisers line up to air a commercial during the show.
0	Not really sure why you are being downvoted. Kinda think you nailed it. My only edit would be to the "prettier than me" thought pattern. I would say "desirable", as some of these girls aren't pretty (in the conventional sense of the word) but somewhat attractive and willing to do what it takes to "please the man" (read: make a few bucks) no matter how many inches they have to take in the bunger. My ex got mad at me, not that I watched porn, but that I watched it without her. Then, relinquishing my privacy, she became displeased in my CHOICE of pornography. She was appalled that I got off on big bootied women getting plunged in the b-hole. Even more so, I hypothesize that she was afraid that I wasn't really satisfied by her, even though she had/has a more than sufficiently round rump, and loved doggie with an occasional thumb slip. Long story long, ex was into the same shit as me, but got mad when she wasn't able to decide what I was into. Guess that should have been a
1	Platinum Teams are somehow the highes League in the system, this is a bug. If u have a Diamond Team and a Plat I'll show the Plat on your friendlist and so on.
1	The only thing I really miss is the Season 1 / 2 jungle ( not sure when the real shift happened ).   Jungle used to be fucking HARD, the camps would shred you health and only a limited pool of champs could actually do it properly. Pulls were non-existent and you had to plan out paths to ensure you made it through alive and optimally. Only a few champs could actually start with the buffcamps. Usually you'd do small camps to level 4, recall, do big camps and then gank.   Nowadays jungling can be done by just about any champion, especially with these new spirit stone changes. Every jungler just starts with big camps and the small camps are like little snacks along the way. There's constant ganks, I liked the fact that there were little amounts of ganks, that way you could play aggressively in lane and dominate people without them constantly calling in their buddy. Top used to be a place of solitude, where tanks like jarvan and malphite brawled it out for ages, slowly whittling down each others health ending with a violent burst and a double "wp" in chat and your heart pounding. Now any form of lead in top is seen as a bullseye to just constantly get ganked and the only kills that occur in lanes nowadays are through outnumbering your opponent.
1	You should have think before you started to flame.
1	I have found myself in the jungle fairly often in ranked silver d3, not great but i know what's going on in the game. Here is my advice.   1) play jungles with cc and good clear times (for me it's chi, xin, and jax) 2) i rush spirit stone and ninja tabi. Ss for mana and clear times, tabi for obvious reasons (can also get boots 5). Upgrade ss to the tenacity upgrade mid game. 3) gank lvl 2 after blue if possible (cho or jax for me, not worth it on xin) 4) clear jungle as fast as possible and go top/mid to gank first. Look for where support is warding bottom after 5min as they probably have only 1 ward out, this means that either tri or dragon is warded so you have 2 routes w/ no ward. Gank bot then and don't be afraid to burn your flash if you get a kill. 5) if you have a lame that is losing, buy a tent (pink ward) for them and camp that lane. Unless you need other lanes to get fed more, this us the best strat because then you are getting the enemy mid/top/bot to complain to their jungle and start potential in-fighting. This is the reverse of what happens to you.   Note: pink wards, when used properly, i have found to turn around games so fast because it does 4 things. Takes away enemy vision ( 1) lose farm and 2) you have more kill potential), grants vision (3) helps a teamate and 4) you buying wards shows you want them to succeed, boosting moral)
0	Something somewhat related to me happened last night. I was at a 4 way somewhat big intersection trying to turn left, and the light was out so it was flashing red and everyone was taking turns. It was really slow and there was only 1 car to wait for who was going straight coming from my left. I let that car go and began to make my left turn, noticing a car coming straight for me and I realized he wasnt going to stop and was like WTF. It turned out that the light was fixed while I was letting the guy to the left go and the guy going straight had a green light and I had a red arrow. Timing man.
0	To me, that's still disturbing.  I don't mean any disrespect, but I almost feel like this 'I expect it' is a learned helplessness response I hear from a lot of people.   Even if a technology exists to do it, I want to believe a first world government won't do it  (at least on a mass scale) if the people outlaw it.  And that we can put oversight in place to create accountability around that.  Or we should all begin using encryption technologies to make sure it's not done.   Not because one necessarily plans to commit a crime but because that's not the ultimate threat of surveillance like this imo.   Here in the states, they're building a massive server farm not just to snoop, but to store all of this.  Indefinitely.  I don't know if that's the case in the UK.   But that's basically like building a dossier on everyone.  As technology increases it could be cross-referenced with all kinds of other information, cctv and offline records.  To create not just useful personal profiles but group profiles, behavioral profiles, all kinds of nasty things.   For example, over the course of a life I'd hazard we all do something wrong or embarrassing or indiscreet or unethical at some point.  In a world where everything is recorded and scrutinized (for some people from birth), that dossier is now a tool for control.   What if laws change or the powers that be want to criminalize former freedoms?  How much easier to know who'll give you the most pushback and target them with a lifetimes correspondence keyword searched in moments?   Or - and I'm in marketing so I know this is true - what if they just want to exploit it for profit and influence?  The aggregated information of millions, if deep enough, can be used to shape the way people think en masse, to manipulate their choices and funnel their decisions into a finite set of prescribed outcomes a power might want to guide you towards.
0	STORYTIME, so 3 years ago was my first time smoking weed with a crazy buddy of mine and it was an awful experience, I hated it and didn't do it for a few months. Time passed and I asked my dad for something for school, he tells me to look in his drawer and I smell dank. So naturally I went back to investigate found the chronic, lighter, pipe and the best GB cap I've ever seen. Do I figured if the white man in my house can do it why not me? So I did it about 5 more times alone that year and then I had my first GB at a buddy's house the beginning of my junior year and my cannabis experience ha changed. That year I went from doing it every weekend to every day without my parents noticing. Then that February I was finally caught when I left stuff in my pocket when my mom washed clothes. I go home after school, have a talk with my dad and he was a complete asshole about it and threatened to "ruin me" if I told my mom because she didn't know through their 25 years of marriage. He eventually fessed up later that night and I still smoke daily and they don't know .
1	I don't know about other people but I can certainly see negative effects coming out of this if his ult damage numbers were not changed at all:   Melee minions have 722 HP and 17 MR at 40 minutes. An AP GP should have at least 8000 gold at this point, and Deathcap + Morellonomicon + AP Quints and masteries will give his rank 3 ult 225 dps easily. If he also has CDR boots, 40% CDR combined with a 95s base cooldown is enough to bring it to 57 seconds. And his ult can be placed such that it hits two creep waves as they spawn.
1	One person has done this to me in 15 months. And I am BAD at this game. I'm not saying you're doing anything to provoke it, but... the odds that you get (65 {weeks I've played} * 15 {people this week} ) about 1000 times as  many people doing this as me, when I can admit that I have sometimes complained vociferously about my team, is unbelievable.
1	I always think it's funny to see a post like this. I (and many other support players with me) usually like Taric's passive. It helps with getting that last bit of mana for that clutch heal/stun, and if you've got a decent grasp on lane flow, attacking minions isn't really a problem; you just have to know when it's okay to do so.   That said, I do agree that Taric's passive can feel a little lackluster when played as a support. While I don't think it needs a change (especially, as other people have pointed out, because he doesn't necessarily need to be played as a support), it might be nice to see something more... Obvious, for lack of a better word. Something that feels more rewarding. Then again, not every champion needs an OP passive.
0	When I was 13 I came down with a very bad case of pneumonia and I was prescribed some medicine that was in short supply for some reason. Well we sent the script to the Kroger that we usually went to but they didn't have it. I'll never forget what they did at that pharmacy. They then called evey pharmacy in the area to find it. Meanwhile my fever was spiking and thing were getting desperate for me. I could not even open my mouth to talk without throwing up or at least doubling over in pain. Unfortunately one after the other the pharmacies all were unable to get any of the medicine. And then at 11:00pm right as we were getting ready to head to the ER as I was dehydrated and my fever had spiked to a dangerous level the Kroger called and said they found the only pharmacy within 30 minutes that had the medicine and specifically told the pharmacy to stay open for is. They saved my life. We later found out that the lady who had been helping us had stayed 4 hours after her shift was over just to help find us the medicine. Cant thank them enough for basically saving my life.  Needless to say we still go there for our meds
0	I have a lesser version of this story.   I volunteer as a youth leader for my church's local youth group. As a leader we have our jobs of keepin control of the students at the catachism meetings(they're all in high school, so they're my peers). Seeing as they're my peers, a lot of them think that they don't have to listen to me since I'm not older than them.   One particular night, this girl didn't want to listen to me when I repeatedly asked her to stop talking. I asked her to move her seat and she refused. We argued quietly for a good couple of minutes and I pretty much gave in and told her she could not say another word or I wouldn't hesitate to call her mother. My boyfriend(another youth leader) saw that I was having some trouble with her and he came when I told her "no more talking" and he kicked the leg of her chair (not violently, I mind you) and said "please don't talk anymore, or you will be moved." she was quiet the rest of the night, thankfully. So we thought there were no more problems.   I was wrong. After the meeting ended the girl and her mother barged into the leader office and started lecturing me on respect and what she expects taking her daughter to an extracarricular religious program. I tried handling the situation the best I could but she kept interrupting me. My boyfriend came over and referred her to the youth instructor(the hero of the story).   When the instructor came and saw us trying to calm her down the best way we could without pissing her off, he immediately took us all outside and Disgussed the problem. He immediately started telling her that we weren't violent people and by volunteering in the program, we sacrificed our time for the kids and we deserved more respect than what we were getting from her. She tried to interrupt him but he would just talk louder or tell her "I am talking!". After she was still being difficult, he told us both "you can go back in the office".   Once he called us back in, she was apologizing profusely for coming in so angry and yelling at us. It was the best time I've ever been defended for something like that.
1	I always liked zion and shiphtur but i always felt that the rest of the team held them back (no hate) and i was kinda sad when they lost relegations. Then they got put as starting on team dig with my favorite bot lane and jungler in the lcs. Litterally made my life
0	Delay mandate by one year to individuals: an impossible wish list.   Yes, because (1) [it renders the law unworkable]( and isn't justified on any rational basis.   Then, there's also the fact that it's not  just  the defund-Obamacare that the GOP wants:   Further, you keep saying "delay the individual mandate".  Stop saying that.  [The House budget included a provision to  defund obamacare .](
0	I never ship with the USPS anymore after my fiasco with them. They wound up completely trashing my custom built computer, which I had insured. When I tried to file the claim they kept giving me the runaround, saying I needed proof of its value and that bank statements weren't sufficient. Once I got proof they begrudgingly sent in my claim, which was promptly "lost" and the notification sent to me past the 30 (or 60, I forget) day claim limit.
0	At least it's  your  Grandma. Try having a deluded schitzoid paranoid mother in law who invites herself for a fortnight and thinks if she stops talking to herself or buying things her head will explode.
0	I work for a fire department. Being late is the main thing that you can fired for, so I have to be 30-15min early.   If the relief isn't early, you can get a call and be held over for 1.5-2hrs. It sucks.
1	I've been trying to climb my way back to mid silver where I was last season(I know soooo good) and am currently in b1. Today I got into a match and our jungle goes "why don't top and bot lane swap?" To which I(playin do it adc) responded "pls no". The team responded with(not even joking, these are real quotes) "who says the adc always needs to be bot" and "lcs big plays leggo". And my support(maokai) ran top and cho went bottom.   I explained that I wasn't worried about myself, but rather the cho in the 1v2 vs a blitz/graves. But "yolo dude".   Plot twist: it went fine. Cho didn't feed early, and we dominated top, getting early kills and tower and rotated well. The hardest part was Mao liked to run to the front lines alone with no vision and ignored my pings. He died something like 17 times that game. We ended up catching their mvp out at 40 something minutes and won because of it. I ended 14/5
0	So much yes to this. My friend ALWAYS gives in to her son, and because of that he is a spoiled terrible little piece of shit. He treats her like garbage because he knows he'll be rewarded for it. The worst part is it ALMOST started getting better. She started asking us to watch him so that our lifestyle would rub off on him, and slowly things started to improve. But then the kid figured out that if he just went back to his mom and said, "I don't waaaant to be at their house I'd rather be with youuuuu" it would get him out of any punishments he'd earned.   We tried explaining to her that she had to match our firmness if she was to see a change in him, but she doesn't want to "scar" him (which in her mind is any form of punishment), so they just end up talking about feelings all the time. While that seems like an ideal way to handle a problem, kids are smart in their own shitty way. They know that if they recite the right phrases, they can get out of shit. "Oh, I stole that man's wallet because I'm mad at my dad".has become an easy out for him.   I love the kid, I really do. But I'm scared for him. He has no discipline, no guidance that steers him away from behaving like an asshole. I'm terrified for him because he's already showing signs of being aggressive and violent. He isn't held accountable for it, so soon he'll be 18, physically hurt someone, and get in huge trouble. I just wish he would get the guidance now that would benefit him in the long run.
1	Basically i know exactly what you mean, ive been playing lol for 2 years and have hit a wall 3 times (currently on my 3rd at 1250) when i satrted i was stuck at 800 elo no matter what happened i thought i either get trolls leavers ect, then again at 1100, and now as ive said 1250 but then i realised is it was my play as you have, i jus persevered, kept playing and watched streams, LOL replay is a really good way of improving s you can watch your self and other lanes, learn to help your team in there lanes, as well as your own, 1 wave is nothing in comparison to a kill in mid. i belive i can improve, but i have no time for lol atm, so waiting untill season 3 to start my climb
1	Ya ruined it! 580 comments left to go with a huge streak of nothing but "OK" and I find this.   This is a sad day, OK?
0	I work at a fairly popular franchise restaurant and have been noticing for a while that servers complain a lot about not getting tips. I am not a server, but I often find them to be kind of inconsistent in the effort they put into serving, so one table will receive more attention and effort than another.   I also find myself often helping out various servers (all the while doing my greeting, seating, and busing duties) and it doesn't really seem like they always need the help but I prefer not to get into conflict at work.   So essentially, I have been developing various opinions about servers over the period I've been working and I came to the conclusion that they will complain about pretty much any tip unless it is like incredibly generous in percentage, like around 40ish percent.   I was hesitant to even have this opinion because once again I'm not a server myself, but then in a conversation with my manager I said something about a certain server complaining a lot and the manager said not to worry about it because servers are "self entitled" (she called them some other things that made me question her decision to manage a restaurant but I'll leave them out) and so I feel like my opinion is pretty valid.
0	You are mixing the hypothetical and the real. I am making no claim about the capabilities of he human race. That is your own invention, and not something I wish to debate. The perfect knowledge I described is not agent specific. It could be a machine, or a wookie.   So you could find God there, as well, then.   >What? Because of the definition of god.   You know, I think this is something that actually needs to be hammered down a little bit.  "God" gets tossed around here a lot (by myself, too) and I don't think we're all actually talking about the same thing.  Mostly, it appears to be a mish-mash of various theistic beliefs about a creator figure.  So, what is the definition of God?  I know you mentioned it breifly before, but let's get it down on paper, and I'll post mine.   >Have you read Descarte or Kant or Hegel on this? You should. They did it.   I read all of them, like, seven years ago, but of course not to a hugely great depth - just the "big stuff" covered in 100 and 200 level courses.  Can you point me to something?   >Yeah, you need to learn what falsifiability is. I am making a presumption that we exhaust the search and don't find him. That is the point of contention: of course there is no issue if we do find him. The question is: are there conditions under which we can say definitively that there is no god? That is a very important question.   Ah, gotcha.   >You do not have the required skill set to analyze these concepts further. You claim that we should, "use" metaphysics, and then you say Kant bores you. Yes, I am sure Kant bores you when you read his wikipedia synopsis, or really, anything other than an in depth analysis and conversation, which usually means a university course.   Actually, I was bored by Kant and Hegel and the like while in college.  What's worse is I was forced to get through them - the discussions in class were always more interesting to me.  So I mean, your assertion that I was bored by Kant on Wiki is wrong - I find such philosophers most exciting when I don't have to read hundreds of pages to get to a concept which can be summarized in a small paper.   >Name a single concept from Kant without googling. Come on, man.   Hmmm... I know this.  I know a few... sadly, I can't recall... either way, so what?  The things I read from Kant didn't stick.  Get me the Dummies book, maybe I'll like it better.   >Bottom line is that the take away from Kant is that god is a metaphysical concept, and since we only have access to the physical world, the question of his existence in incoherent.   Sorry then, mate.  I agree with you on that.  It's the very unprovability of God that I am trying to highlight.  I'm trying to suggest he can't be proven - and that attempts to do so within our own paradigm fail.  Somewhere along the way (probably because I've been responding to 5 comments at once) I confused your position with one trying to prove that the existence of God should somehow be provable by us.   >
0	Major chain grocery stores vary their prices all over Australia too, often in the same city depending on socio - economic factors, yet all price tags list the price including sales tax. They also tend to list tho price per volume for easy comparison (not sure if you have that in the states too).
0	You're entitled to your opinion, but isn't that a bit of a generalization ? There's all kind of animes, some serious ones, some funny ones, some stupid ones and so on. I used to think like you, hated Dragon Ball Z and Sailor Moon and Saint Seiya that were always on TV (O and that soccer one too, but I hate soccer so...). I hated the aesthetics (well, Saint Seiya looked ok I guess), they were really slow and boring, and when something finally happened, they were needlessly violent before becoming super slow again.   Then I caught  Full Metal Alchemist , so it was funny for teenager me. Over time, I grew hooked. The story is awesome and well paced, the characters are very deeply developed as well as their interconnections, and the animation is really well done and pretty IMO. Also the soundtrack is amazing. And it's limited in length, there's 51 episodes and it's done (yes there's been a sequel series, but I haven't watched it yet, and the 51 episodes are a complete story by themselves). I rewatch the whole thing roughly every 2-3 years since then, and it's awesome every single time. I've watched a few other animes since, and it's hit or miss, I'll like some, I won't like others.
1	As an EUW player whose native language isn't english, I can assure you that non-english-speaking players aren't rare at all here in european servers. While there was a dramatic improvement with east/west europe separation (especially for people from Russia, Poland or Romany), the language issues aren't fully overcome at all.   Face it or not, it's not a matter of racism: english is world's "default language" in a lot of environments, from professional to leisure area. While I think I can't force a player to score a certain english level as requirement to play, I find that game slang is a strong way to ensure the basic and most important information exchange between players.   Terms such as "ss", "focus champion X", "baron", "go b", etc plus the ping interface (I know, it's not as clear as we wish but hey, improvements are always possible) are enough to grant fundamental coordination.   And here's another thing: the will to coordinate. This is crucial toward the victory chance increase, I think we can all agree that a non-comunicating teammate has a big knockdown in usefulness, wether he's good with his champ or not. So it's not only a matter of mother-language. Anyone can and should familiarize with game terms and most of all use them in the match.
0	Recent Microsoft Word, by default, has two ways to recover a document:     If Word crashes or otherwise exits unusually, you can recover the file via a Recovery file ([details](         Word also saves periodically even if you yourself never saved this is called AutoSave or AutoRecovery depending on version ([details](           Auto Save/Recovery is every 10 minutes by default. The recovery file is more often than that.   Additionally if you have "File Version History" turned on on Windows you can also roll back to an older version of that document via Windows Explorer.
0	As someone who lives in Ontario, Ottawa to be exact I can tell you telling Quebec to fuck off WOULD indeed help our public service workers, ect. They come to Ottawa to take our jobs, then do not allow us to go there to take theirs. My friend was replaced by a Quebec resident, only over lack of speaking French. In our own province. Does this mean we will be expected to speak Arabic in the future as well? Since they will become a majority if the liberal government keeps allowing immigrants over. When in reality we can't afford to take care of our own people.  Quebec also refuses to pay the same taxes as us. I.e the environmental fee and then throw a fit when we say, no you can't use our electronics recycling facility. They want to not pay our taxes, yet get all of the same benefits as we do. Under Justin, that's going to happen, last thing we need is another French loving leader that will give Quebec what they want so they won't separate.
1	I would like to start by saying I agree. Blue side is better. But there are certain counter-exploits in the things you bring up.   If you know or suspect the enemy bot lane is doing to do golems, invade their blue, or try to mess with them at golems (you can hurt them, stop them, or sometimes they'll take the big one and run, counter jungling themself). Also, your mid and top can take golems if they work together. It's slightly more annoying, but plenty doable.   If you're worried about the enemies getting red, try to get a timer on it and take it when it spawns. Also you can feed bottom lane Red as blue, but purple can feed it to top, or the jungler themself can have it for ganks. It's not the worst thing in the world.
0	I believe you are mistaken as to the purpose and nature of justice. The role of justice is not to avenge the victim. It is to give justice. Clue's in the name. Death penalty is a barbaric, outdated way to punish. And although the following is a clich, overused argument by people who oppose capital punishment, it is a valid and sound one: To kill someone to teach him killing is wrong is incredibly idiotic for the simple reason that a dead person cannot learn a lesson. Because the person is dead.  Now, if you are not moved by those arguments, the following is quite convincing: It's about twice as expensive to execute someone compared to life inprisonment.  Now onto the question of the suffering: The purpose of justice is not to replicate the exact amount of pain endured by the victim. If it were, we should have tortured and raped the criminal, and slit his throat. But we don't. Because that would make a psychopath cringe.
1	Thanks. On a whim I tried one last time to get my original script to work before trying SavantCast. Turns out it wasn't working because I chose shift + q as the keybind. Apparently activating an item/spell and then shift clicking a target does nothing.
0	This happened to me a couple years back.   I was heading home from work, and it was a just a miserable, cold, snowy day. And I saw this lady hitchhiking. I felt bad, so I pulled over to pick her up. I did, however, hit a patch of ice and lost control of my car. I had two choices, nail the semi in front of me, or veer off into a ditch. I chose the ditch. Almost immediately, two guys stopped to help me get my car out. It took about 30 minutes. The lady came over to ask what happened. I explained I was going to give her a ride home, and still would if I got my car out. So, we got the car out. I asked if she was still interested, and she was. She asked if I could help her out with something to drink and some cigarettes. I obliged, pulled into a convenience store and paid for cigarettes. The drink she wanted turned out to be one of those 99 bananas mini shot drinks. I was too nice to say no to that, and what's the harm?   Back in the car, I asked where we were going. She proceeded to tell me her friends house, in a part of town far shadier then where we already were. I got nervous, but she didn't seem to care. She called her "friend". A guy that didn't sound pleasant, or small, gets on the phone and gives me the address. She hangs up the phone and then asks, if I could maybe help her out a little more. And then proceeds to tell me that she's a prostitute, the place we're going is her "bosses" house and then gives me her prices. I pulled over at the next gas station and told her, this is as far as I'm going. Merry Christmas and good luck. She started fiddling with her purse, which freaked me out much more. But she got out, looking pissed as shit, and cussing me out as I drove off.
1	Sounds good, I usually end up playing support anyway because at 1k nobody wants to play support.   So I figure its better that I play it rather than some troll who decides to go twitch support or something silly, I just don't consider myself as comfortable as I do in the other roles.   I think maybe if I learn't a few aggressive supports like blitz/ali/lenoa then I'd be more comfortable in my abilities knowing that I could setup kills as well as protect my carry, but right now I'm only happy/'not a feeder noob' playing janna/soraka.
0	I've been dealing with computers for a lot longer than most people. When I was 6 I got a Kaypro II. Next computer was an IBM, third one I built (IBM parts mostly) so it could run Winblows 3.0 when it came out. It was that computer I put a modem chip in. I did this late 1990.   During that time, there was no purpose to go on the "web". Commerce is what drove the web explosion. During this period, the add free zones were the networks the  internet provider  gave as their service, not the true open Net as we know it.   This is why people who used AOL as a provider had a different "internet" as someone who got their service through Prodigy, or CompuServe. They could connect outside of their gated networks, but there was nothing there to even connect too. All the things they had, the news, weather, shopping, bulletin boards, games, polls, expert columns, stocks, the list goes on and on. These were not on the "internet" these were only accessible to people who held subscriptions. For the internet providers were the ones hosting it directly, not this multi-website hosting network we are familiar with to today.
1	Your opinion.     Your opinion.     Your internet not Riot's.   Ranked games haven't changed from S3 or S2. Just different in how they show you what rank you are really.
0	Idk. With older employers I definitely try to take a "know it all" approach, but younger clients (under 40) tend to understand how  ad hoc research and repair works.
0	I missed your point.   Like I said in my profanity-laden auto-mod-baiting reply, "you must have said something really fucked up".   I never said I wanted anything banned, fuck you very much.  I never liked UOP, but I don't think it should have been banned.  I suggested that instead of bitching about it pointlessly you could start your own sub specifically for that meme so people have somewhere to post them.  Then people who want to see it can subscribe to your sub  and  Advice Animals and see what they want to see.  Hell,  I'd  subscribe, because even though I thought 90% of them were stupid, they were occasionally funny.  If I wasn't willing to wade through stupid to find funny, I wouldn't be on Reddit.
0	8 years ago.  Bike was stolen by a kid in the neighborhood.  Found bike 4 months later stripped and left in alleyway.  2 years later kid gets killed after running from police in stolen truck and pulling a gun on them.  All over the news.  I smile.
0	I have a weird opinion on this that I think would be controversial here.   Just because a person wears revealing/suggestive/sexual clothing, that in no way gives anyone the right to make them feel uncomfortable by staring at them (or checking them out).   However, just because it shouldn't happen, doesn't mean it won't. I'm not saying you are terrible if you do check them out, that's normal human behavior. Psychologically, it's what we are prone to do. So therefore, those who wear that clothing should be EXPECTING it to happen!   A good comparison is the kids who wear animal tails/ears in high school to school.   Yes, if someone calls you out on it and comments on it (doesn't have to be an insult) and that makes you uncomfortable, well you have every right to ask them not to do that again.   But don't be that person who wears it and then acts FUCKING SURPRISED AND SPECIFICALLY TARGETED when it happens. By wearing something outside "common" clothing, you should expect responses that are also uncommon. Doesn't make it right, it's just we don't live in some ideal world where people can so easily do the right thing   I check out girls in skimpy outfits too. I try not to, but I'm not perfect and can be tempted. If a girl caught me and calmly said "look, I appreciate it, but you are making me a bit uncomfortable" I would be fucking fine with that. I'd apologize and find a way to ensure it doesn't happen again.
1	Good list man.  I upvoted, but I'm not sure I agree with your strategy.  I've always found that the best way to learn top lane is to learn a few different characters and spam them all the time.  Once you have them mastered, then maybe go on to more, but it seems most pros have adopted the strategy that you should spam one or two characters as much as possible, and I tend to agree.   Also, here is perhaps a complete list of what I'd consider "common" top lane matchups.  Note it doesn't include AD carries top, which are also a possibility.  Nyjacky has played Trist top.  Dyrus/TRM play Corki top.  Westrice plays Vayne top.  Lots of carries not named Ashe can go top basically :P.  I didn't see them as common though, so I excluded them.     Akali     Cho'gath     Fiora     Fizz (not so much any more, but when I wrote this people played him more top instead of mid).     Galio (see my note on Fizz).     Gangplank     Garen     Irelia     Jarvan     Jax (Though now you mostly see him in the jungle, but he does counterpick some like Fiora).     Kennen     Lee Sin     Malphite     Maokai (usually in the jungle, but it is viable I tell you!)     Mordekaiser (believe he is better mid, but some people run him top).     Morgana     Mundo     Nasus     Nidalee     Olaf     Pantheon     Renekton     Rumble     Shen     Shyvanna     Singed     Sion (mostly goes mid, but can be played top easily  see TRM )     Skarner (mostly goes jungle, but was played top occassionally when this guide was written)     Swain     Talon (again, went top more when this was written.  Now usually used to counterpick mid.)     Teemo     Trundle     Tryndamere     Udyr     Vladamir     Volibear     Warwick     Wukong     Yorick     Riven (Missed her somehow)       As you can see, this yields 720 or so "common" top lane matchups that are possible.  This doesn't even include variables that would affect the matchups like starting items, runes and masteries, jungle pressure, and whether you're on blue or purple side.  Needless to say, learning all of the different matchups would take a while.  It is probably more time-efficient to master one champion (39-40 matchups depending if you count mirror matches) or so.  You'll learn about other champions through you spamming.  Also, finding those rare guides that give you insights into the specific matchups against many characters can help a lot.
0	Reddit TIFU by touching my gay friend bf's dick...
1	Now that you mention it, he has seemed to have matured since Kiev. I think everyone is forgetting that these guys were just kids when they started, barely over 18.   Most of the progamers are people who, even now, would not have graduated college had they gone that route. They've got a lot of growing up to do, but I don't think it's right to deny the fact that they're growing.
1	Bit late to the party.   We had a really bad beginning we lost pretty much all of our towers up to the inhibitor ones and then we managed to knock down there mid one which the minions kindly did for us while we were preoccupied getting pushed every lane on to our inhibitors.   Eventually after our team getting wiped in a team fight we lost our mid inhibitor then both our nexus towers and they starting smashing our nexus down then after our team respawned we managed to get an ace leaving our nexus at below half hp.   We then all rushed mid and took there mid inhibitor down. lost a few good men in a team fight in there base. the remaining people held of the enemies long enough for our nexsus's health to get brought back up to full, but to no avail they preceded to smash our nexus to pieces again to a ridiculous amount of like 20%. again we managed to kill them in our base we pushed the remaining towers and destroyed there nexus. Just shows you never to surrender a game.
1	No one really needs a "mansion" like Curse.NA. The main part should be the "come together - play together" feeling and that you learn something about how the ppl react on stuff in RL as well, to understand their behaviour and mentality a way better. But why do they need a huuuuuge mansion with a pool 20 floors etc? Its just not necessary to invest so much money into a mansion where as a normal house can do the same thing.   E.g. when I see the VODs of the CLG-Mansion, there are like no furnitures in there, the resound is kinda annoying and the mansion looks really messy. I wouldn't feel good in that kind of environment.
1	only because it is projected doesnt mean it is a projectile.   >A laser is a device that emits light through a process of optical amplification based on the stimulated emission of electromagnetic radiation. The term "laser" originated as an acronym for "light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation".   >A projectile is any object projected into space (empty or not) by the exertion of a force.   notice how lux laser is evrywhere at the same time but you can see how slow everythink that is blocked by yasuos w travels through the air.
1	The flat out recommendation of this article (dcap vs void) is pretty misleading that it is always better to go 2nd item void on damage mages,  the assumptions he makes on the site make the math wrong.   Basically he assumes that all abilities are rank 5 (i.e level 18) in his article when looking at a 2nd item purchase, this gives champions higher base stats and would make void a better buy vs deathcap.   For example the site mentions that Annie as one of the champions you should build void first on. According to the site her break-even for Q is 275 AP to double its base damage, however if you take a level 9 Annie (which is ~ when is around the time you would be buying 2nd item), and take her a full spell rotation into account (lvl5 Q, Lvl2 W, Lvl 1 R) that number drops to ~200 AP/DBL -> making break even MR ~just under 60 from ~45 on her. Basically this applies to the "average" of 400 for midlane mages where the break even is 34 MR. Since base MR is 30 (no runes) the conclusion is that you would always be doing more damage as long as they took MR runes.   He also doesn't take into account in the match archmage mastery, (which every AP mid takes) which synergizes which with building more AP and also stacks multiplicatively with the deatchap passive.
1	Personally I have a friend with same problem but as he knows he shouldn't be playing games in 1st place so he just works out the visual game settings and tune them to minimum ammount of effects to be ok, like the post ult shockwave and brithness and such.   If you have health problem then there is always a solution, I bet Riot will do something about it but they shouldn't feel forced to.. because most of us loves flashy finishers with a bang! they make the game feel most exiting for general public   Also for peple that feel sick from playing should first of all  check the environment they are playing in. . going all Batman with dark room and super glowing screen inches from your face will make anyone sick after a long while and specially with badass Garens ult destroying you same goes with the sound etc.. just take care of you surroundings becouse you never know when something bad can happen.. like having epileptic attack while driving at night cuz of lights..   Just sharing a bit of my experience with the issue ;)
1	The best part is the
0	Its a life choice growing in popularity with the younger generations.  With rising consumer prices, overpopulation, stagnant wages, and increasingly demanding work, it's arguably the better choice in a lot of people's lives.  This isn't grandpap's era anymore.  There is no more supporting a family on a single wage-earner.  The ability to buy a house and car fresh out of high school is nothing but a pipe dream anymore.   Today's 20-somethings are laden with student loan debt, living with their parents, and either unemployed or underemployed.  Children are a hard sell to make to this generation.  How can you recommend dedicating time and resources to a generation that has very little to spare?  Kids are living with Mom and Dad until they're 25, getting married at 30, and buying their first home at 35.  How do you tell those that have barely begun their lives that they're out of time and to make room for the next generation?
0	Essentially there are two problems with the idea of "respect the beliefs of X":   1) Of "public" versus "private": Christians confuse this a lot. When they publically announce that Jesus hates homosexuals and I confront them they claim I'm attacking their "private" beliefs--as if now I will be in their bedrooms making sure they aren't "christian" anymore. This is a failure I see all the time.   2) Tolerance versus adoption: Religion gets a free pass while other ideas do not. This is stupid. Religious ideas are ideas--and open for criticism. However, it would be a total waste of time to "police ideas" in any tyrannical or repressive system. Everybody with any sense knows this. So, if some asserts some religious idea to support an argument I'll point out what a stupid idea it is. But they're welcome to have ideas all they want--even after their stupid idea fails to be voted into public practice.
1	Rules!   It was a pretty fun way to completely waste an entire hour.
1	My friend jungles Udyr, and usually rushes Boots of Swiftness: Homeguard as his second build after what he builds first (which I am unsure of). Our other friends who are more exp and have played a since S1 (900-1k wins, you get it, they 'know' their stuff). at least they think.
1	Things I took from this post:     If you're using your smurf for ranked, it's your fault you don't have the champs you want to use. Go play on your main if you want them.     Report someone as Unskilled Player if they use a new champ in ranked and fail. That's what it's there for.       They took out the F2P champs from ranked because it's supposed to be you playing at your best against others playing at their best. If you have someone who joins a ranked que and suddenly thinks "I bet Malzahar is fun" but has never touched him, it takes that completely away. With F2P gone, it guides the more "distracted" players from those decisions and forces them to take a champ they've at least played before.
1	Evelynn: Hate Spike hits all enemy units in range, instead of a single spike, each spike procs W independently.   Morgana: All enemies standing on Tormented Soil have their armor and MR reduced by 1/2/3/4/5 every second until they step off the soil. Support Morgana OP.   Karthus: Once Wall of Pain is placed, it can be switched into either of 2 forms, either a pass-able slow gate like it already is, or un-passable train, like anivia's or trundles.   Udyr: Upon activating Bear Stance, all enemies behind you in a small range are feared for 0.5s.
1	Cmon dude, you're giving up one kill. Worst case scenario, you lose a normal game (which is going to happen 50% of the time anyway) - and in most cases, it would highly dubious to presume that a single kill has decided the course of a game.   On the flipside, you have just absolutely made some other guys day - it took me about 600 games (around a year) to get my first penta, so its pretty fucking special. Stop being so anal and see a good deed for what it is, please.
1	the annoying part though is when you do everything you can to let them get the last hit and they walk away or cancel the auto, or are going to die if you don't kill the person.  And then you take the kill because otherwise it's lost gold and/or your adc dies, and then you get flamed for "ksing" and being a "noob support".   You're right it's not nearly as uncommon as it used to be, to be praised if you're doing well, but you're probably not going to get much credit for the 14/3 jinx when you pretty much spoonfed her 10+ of those.  And you're much more likely to get flamed and blamed when your adc is doing horribly despite your best effort to try to get her to stop hard pushing the lane after 3 successful enemy ganks or stop walking directly into the enemies and letting themselves get chunked for 50+% of their health.  And then get flamed for not engaging when he/she is at 20% health because you know for a fact it would just bait them into going in, dying, and feeding the enemy more gold.   On the flip side, it really sucks when you have a support who takes every single kill, competes for cs with you, and then flames you for not having any damage once teamfights come around.
0	you're a fucking dick you do need to relax. it happened cant go back in time and change it now so don't get mad or what ever just relax and get it sorted/clean up. why would you bitch about it and get mad, maybe only if you told him previously to not drink on the new couch.
1	Xerath's innate penetration coupled with a   can sometimes offset the need for penetration runes. IMO he works well with movespeed, scaling MR, scaling/flat AP,  mana regen  and cooldown reduction. A huge chunk of Xerath's burst is in his ult, and CDR enables you to have it up more (though itemizing it can initially hurt total burst); if you want CDR, good choices are  ,  , and situationally   or  . Total glasscannon-AP works on Xerath, though, since his passive grants him a nice bit of armor and Locus of Power's utility is amazing.   His stun tends to be a one-point wonder since it scales pretty well with AP alone -- the decision of balancing spec between Arcanopulse and Locus of Power usually leans toward Arcanopulse, though Locus of Power's long early cooldown might warrant a couple extra points pre-9, especially if your lane opponent picks up   or  .   Xerath may seem 'difficult' due to being reliant on skillshots, but if you have solid mechanics he's no different than other mages. His primary damage-dealing attacks are all AoE, though; positioning is as key to playing Xerath as it would be any AD carry.   Though you'll have that armor steroid, you're not  ,   or  . You're more like   -- you won't perform optimally up close and personal or with a tanky-AP build. I would even go so far as to dissuade picking up  .   In lane, don't burn too much mana. Your poke is great, but pre-blue only poke to either counterpush or learn how your lane opponent jukes Arcanopulse. Mage Chains only stuns if you can land a second ability, and if you can, great!  Otherwise, conserve your mana and don't get cocky just because you have huge range.   Post-6, your lane opponent won't want to 1v1 unless they know they can outplay you (read: they know you miss Q/R) or they don't know your burst is amazing. The latter is surprisingly common. In teamfights, stay back, deal tons of damage and zoom zoom zoom.   Build goals are rarely different from other standard AP mids.   is good,   should be mandatory,   gives you kiting power (don't buy if you chose  -> ).   If cooldown reduction is something you plan on itemizing,   and nothing else unless you never have access to blue buff. Never   unless you have absolutely no forms of healing reduction on your team and the enemy team is   -- if that does happen, chances are you're playing blind pick.   I haven't found an 'optimal' set of masteries for Xerath; whether you pick up CDR, MPen, MR, or movespeed, he'll benefit positively.
1	I was merely pointing out how ironic it was for someone to seek a position as a creative designer while essentially asking others for ideas. To address some of your points:   >You assumed I can't think for myself and outright condemned me as "uncreative."   Basically. Your claim to be a creative designer is completely contradicted by your asking of the community for ideas. You have yet to give me a reason to believe otherwise, and the very premise of this thread (which is more or less fishing for ideas) leads me to believe you have less-than-selfless motives in asking the community for their ideas.   Sure, it'd be interesting to see what the community wants in regards to skins/champions -- but is it a coincidence that you're suddenly interested in making your very first thread about it as you're submitting an application for a creative design position? I don't think it's outrageous for me to be a bit cynical in this situation, but I do think it's kind of funny how you can claim to be a creative designer and ask others for ideas pertaining to your potential job.   >Your apology sounds sarcastic.   No way.   >You'd be better off not assuming the character of someone you barely know.   So according to this...why the hell should I even believe you're a designer in the first place? I have very few reasons to "assume" you are, other than you claiming that you are.   Seriously though. This is your second post ever in the five months your account has existed, and here you are claiming to be a designer who will potentially create champions/skins at riot without any previous proof or display of your work. Moreover, your overly defensive and self-righteous response further leads me to question the validity of any of this.
0	Damn dude thanks, also one of the greatest
0	RE: DAYS   Days with meds are much more structured and calm and organized. I plan my day out, I have things that I want to do and I do them. What it comes down to is that I generally act like a normal person. And that's what the meds are for.   Days without meds are much more wild and... let's go with unpredictable. There's no sense of organization or structure or planning of my day. I start and don't finish a lot of tasks. I bounce (literally) from one thing to the other to the other without actually following through on (m)any of the things I started. I  always  have things to talk about and usually-not-so-profound thoughts to offer, even if no one else really cares or wants to hear them. I cannot sit down and do any one thing for a long time, unless it's something highly engaging, like xbox or the Internet or sometimes a really engaging book - anything where things change very quickly, very frequently. I need CONSTANT stimulation.   I also get hyperfocus sometimes, where I get EXTREMELY engaged in some task or activity that I'm very much invested in, and can spend hours and hours and hours (we're talking 6, 7, 8 hours sometimes) doing that. Once it was the shower. I spent well over 3 hours cleaning the entire shower-bathtub combo, including toothbrushing the shit out of the grout with bleach water, taking off the tub faucet and shower head and cleaning their insides, opening up the drain and removing all the hair and gunk. The only times I got up were to get more bleach and to reposition myself on the bathtub ledge. Another time it was a hockey article that I wanted to write that required a TON of data. I spent 8 straight hours (literally... I got up off the couch I think twice in that entire span, once to pee and once to get some string-cheese or something) collecting all the fucktons of data I needed and organizing it and creating charts and graphs and stuff.   So yeah. That's my days with and without meds.   RE: Driving   FWIW, I got into my very first (and only) major car wreck on a night when I hadn't taken my medication during the day. It was partly because of the lack of medicine. I was feeling impulsive and thought I could make the left turn across the road before the car coming towards me reached me. Turns out I could not. (I also have never told anyone it was partly due to my ADHD, I just realized. Huh.) Granted, however, I was also 16.5 and had only had my license for 6 months. Being a new driver was also  definitely  part of it. I think your brother will be fine, but without a doubt, he should make sure he takes his medication before he drives. If he gets distracted by something or isn't paying attention or his phone goes off or something is making a weird clicking noise and annoying him or just feeling impulsive and speeding or cutting people off or whatever, he's going to be a lot more likely to take his eyes off the road and/or accidentally hit someone.   I'm 24 now, and by now I have driven without my medication many times. I haven't gotten in any more accidents or even come close to any, but I always do feel a little bit more reckless when I'm driving without meds, if I'm being honest. I also live in Boston now, so that might have something to do with it because the drivers up here are fucking IN-SANE.   DRIVING
0	It's because you're taking such a low dose and it passes through your system quickly. Ask around; you'd be surprised how much some people take. When I was on it for ADD, I took 25mg/day too, but I knew people who took that 25+ 3x a day. Any more and it made me anxious.   I personally stopped taking it after 10 years because I was getting more and more neurotic and aggressive as it wore off every night. The withdrawal symptoms are horrendous. But I wish that I had switched to Concerta sooner. Not that I was an Adderall robot before, but I feel like a person again. I have some kind of appetite now. Life is more colorful.
1	to keep it simple: If the passive has a name, it will not stack. if it just says Unique passive, it will stack. :)  So I Lichbane and a triforce, wont stack. A ghost blade and a Black cleaver armor pen, will stack! :D So rememeber
0	I was at a Best Buy years ago and some dude approached me while I was waiting in line to check out with a similar story; that he needed $20 for gas money because his car had run out of gas on the freeway and he didn't have his wallet on him. I told him no, sorry. Then he asks me if I can  give him a ride home . There was no way I was letting some junkie looking dude get in my car with me alone, so I made up a lie and said that I didn't have a car and had walked there. He eventually wandered off to harass other customers.   I guess security must've thrown him out, because after I had checked out and was walking out to my car, I spotted him out in the parking lot asking people out there for money. I was young and stupid and didn't want this guy to see me walk out to my car after I had told him I had walked there, so I did the dumbest thing I possibly could have: I walked around the side of the building down an infrequently used alley as if I was going to walk to the housing complex behind the store.   The guy must've spotted me, because the next thing I know he's followed me down the alley and is asking me for money again. Now I'm alone with this guy and no one else is around to help. I freak out and take out my wallet to give the guy some money (stupid move #2) and proceed to commit dumbass move #3; I open my wallet right in front of the guy with probably $600 in cash obviously visible inside.   Immediately after handing the guy a $20 bill, a cop car pulls around the other side of the building and starts driving down the alley towards us--probably called by the store after people had reported he was harassing shoppers in the lot. The guy promptly turned around and walked the other way out of the alley, and I got to contemplate how stupid I was for letting myself get taken advantage of (and also how lucky I was that I didn't get myself mugged) while I took the long way back to my car.
1	mmorpg's are kinda dead. I personally will never pick up another "pick char-->grind for 3 weeks/months/years(depending on game)-->play around in pve raids and pvp crap" in my life guaranteed. did that with about 3-4 mmo's and that's about all I need.   wow is the one that sort of stream lined and revolutionized what an mmorpg should be but the next game to topple wow will probably have to be made by blizzard and be like 10 times cooler.
1	What about the Q, make it reduce armor or some sh*t ashe is so weak against the tank meta. I was playing against a maphite he was feeding and I was still just only tickling his booty. Rito PLS
1	My definition IS riot's definition. That's what mages are in LoL and in general. Users of magic. Full stop.   I'd like to see a source on the Morello quote, I was not able to find it through googling. On that note however I would argue that there isn't much need to focus on balancing them as support in the first place, as their spells naturally lend themselves to the offensive side of the role to different degrees (in different matchups). The main tweaking done to Mages designed for carrying tends to be in their ratios and base damages, which are largely irrelevant to the current support role.
1	I used to be semi-raging every game. What has helped me a lot was restricting myself from using chat until i have released all my rage in real life :P   Example: bot lane dies after 2 minutes in laning phase, irl i tell myself wow these guys are bad. but i restrict myself from saying it in chat until like 10 seconds after it where you have released the rage within you, and instead i try to give them tips in a friendly manner.   This has helped a lot for me, i get honored on a daily bases ^^   (irl im still a raging tryndamere)
1	Imo Thresh is very balanced. He brings hard CC to the table and he has a lantern to escape with. His passive also allows him to scale well in to lategame. But let's compare him to other supports.   I like to think Thresh as a high risk - high reward support. If he falls behind early he can not do what he is supposed to do.. engage and peel. He will just get blown up. Other supports like leona and Annie can save the lane with a good ult. It is hard for Thresh to come back from a bad trade because his harrass in lane is auto attack based while supports like Annie can harass with her abilities.
0	He was probably thinking, "Sure I'll fake some sign language next to Obama for thousands of dollars an hour."
1	I think that a votekick is a good idea. The time required to queue is penalty enough, especially in higher levels, to encourage someone to be a team player. what votekick does is give the majority of players in a given lobby the ability to form better team cohesion by encouraging communication. I think that in order for a kick to be successful, you should require an overwhelming majority of the players on a team to agree, ie. 3 or 4 in a 5s game. In order to prevent duoqueue abuse, make the 2 people in a duoqueue worth only 1 vote so that you can still kick one or both memebers of the duo. Then only require 3 votes for a kick.  However, if you have any other premade, it actually makes sense to give each person a vote of the same weight, because they've queued up together so you want to encourage cohesion between them. A 4man team should be able to select their fifth man almost with impunity. A lobby of players, ie. on 5man team in 5s, should be able to kick a player and not have to requeue. However, they shouldn't be able to do this indefinitely or you'll get people who just idle in a lobby looking for the perfect team. limit a lobby to 3 kicks, after which that lobby is disbanded and the individuals are returned to the global queue.  This should encourage people to be open to new things or things just outside their comfort zone by not letting them idle with the same group of people for an extended time, while also encouraging pre-game team cohesion by allowing a consensus to remove toxic players.
1	There was a game I had about a year ago. I was mid (Lux) and I luckily got really really fed and farmed up. Our AD carry (Tristana) was also fed and farmed as F*** and kickin ass and taking no names.   I cannot remember who anyone else on our team was, only that the tristana did nothing but split push late game leaving us to 4 vs 5 fights which we would lose. Tristana would then die to a 3 man gank whilst pushing top or bot whilst the other two chiseled at our towers.   I vividly remember literally begging the Tristana for just one team fight with all 5 of us from 30:00 minutes in the game to 1 hour and 15ish minutes where we eventually lost a team fight at our nexus towers with tristana pushing their bot inhib tower. They just destroyed the nexus with Trist still top. Our team was so ahead it wasnt even funny but they just kept trading kills with us until they were successfully able to 5 vs 4 us.   This game still haunts me so much I get chills watching Shen split pushing. Every french person reminds me of him also.
1	And completely other content.   The videos  are  great, but new players will understand very few things from these or don't care about a lot of information (new players won't see the value in spells shield negation, in dragon/baron tipps, etc. pp.)
1	Here's the thing. The prize money is the teams direct incentive to win (along with circuit points, but clearly both teams did not care about these). Since they both agreed before hand to split the prize money, they let their intentions be known that they did not care about the standings or rankings, or even who won. True, this is not deciding per say to throw the games in one direction or another, but it is certainly covered by the "intent" of the MLG rules.
1	Supports need to support with their kits and not with exces gold they get now. They need to be cc/utility bots. They dont need fucking lyandries on zyra (even if no one plays zyra atm). Fiddle was in perfect spot before his fear nerf. That fear was what described his personalty as a champion and as a support. He had that long single target hard cc with decent silence and decent dmg if he gets off nice ulty, there was no need to nerf him so hard since tenacity already had great impact on fear duration (longer cc duration more longer you negate it with tenacity). We now see leona with gold close to junglers even if she is supporting and she turns into fucking super cc tank. That wasnt supposed to happened. If she is supporting she should have decent and maybe below par tankines compared to top laner and jungler. She now just becomes even more tanky then jungler and has far more superior cc. Leona just outshines rest of supports traditional or not traditional. There is ofc thersh that i think is in perfect place when it comes to kit but he too becomes too tanky with excess gold he gets in this preason.
1	I don't know if my math is absolutely correct, but I if you assume that everyone has all the champions, I believe that the chances of you not getting one of the 10 champions you consider OP on ARAM on one of the teams is close to 25%.  That's a 75% chance that you're going to face one even if everyone had all the champions.  You probably have a much higher percentage given that most champions aren't owned and ARAM OP champs are probably bought at a much higher rate (even if just for SR).
0	That does help a lot. Once you're labelled the only thing you can do is find your own way. Life in general is like that, not only school.   During my first teaching years I tried to teach my students how to learn on their own, how to make sense of the material they were required to learn, and how to find their own way to achieve their goals. Alas, most students want to be spoon fed. Students do need their teachers for guidance and inspiration... but there's much they can  and should  do on their own.   When I was labelled a problem student, I just started reading all my school textbooks from front to back on my own. When those weren't enough I started looking for further information at the library and on the Internet. I also researched how teachers graded work so that I would be able to assess my own progress. As a result I started taking exams and passing with high grades a year before most of my peers.
1	My two cents : EG did "ok" this game :     Krepo did really good : he understood many comments about precedent game, and didn't rush the philosopher's stone, putting a lot of wards early / mid game.     Snoopeh still make bad decision : buy boots of swiftness instead of Mercury's Treads (and took many spear in the face, why snoopeh ?) - just Watch how SaintVicious build the bear please .. also another thing : you could have towerdive easily Yamato with wick'd at lvl3-4 instead you checked two times their wolves and did nothing (you got a strong passive, stop being afraid to make mistake !! ). But you did well controling the blue buff !     froggen on anivia .. no comment 10/10     yellowpete ok this time he did ok, he used three or four times his ulti to push back DB when they were trying to take tower. But he is still not agressive .. it was fucking sushei as carry adc .. you had to be aggressive !     wick'd : THAT'S IT take fucking zed and push the shit of the lanes you did great. But please don't build 100% damage next time make sure to buy a giant belt, one spear and you was out of a fight.
1	That's nothing to do with there being a projectile or anything. That's the fact that an animation has started, and at THIS point in the animation, you take damage. It doesn't matter if you move away once the animation has started, a similar effect can be found with Fizz and Jax's Qs. The things that will stop the damage is actually stopping the animation before the damage would be applied, for instance by using an interrupt or killing them, thereby stopping the animation and causing it to not reach the point in it where it deals damage.
0	I find that if I comment, nobody will read it, and wont care. This is probably my second comment, and I've never made a post.   Edit:
0	He's only half black so only half of him is 3/5 of a human being.
1	who said anything about whining??? Agurthewise, nice username, lol,  anyway whether u want to admit it or not pal league of legends has a huge amount of trolls and idiots hidden amongst the nice players being able to avoid these people with maybe a player rating system or some kind of solution would be nice as i and alot of other players do not enjoy wasting 30 minutes after 30 minutes because of people who, and this happens a lot easily a couple of times a day if u play enough, decide they are going to troll before the damn game even starts. iv lost count of the amount times iv seen people say they want mid or top or jungle or whatever or they will troll pick/feed. the team then gives them that role and they go on to feed anyway due to being the kind of player that rages after one death and instantly loses focus, or we dont give in to their obnoxious request and they go on to troll/feed, either way its a blight on the community and gives it a bad image, its a great game and the community does have alot of great peoples, but at the same time way too many assholes than can troll and ruin ur game whenever they see fit.
1	It's interesting to think about.  I wish I could talk more on NA culture, especially in being sensitive, but it's so complex I have no idea how to draw a good conclusion.  I've spent several years in Germany and some time in SEA.  While my time abroad has taught me to appreciate the potential for significant differences between cultures, I've also realized how complex recognizing these differences can be, especially because it's a subjective topic.   For example, if I had to speculate over NA, I would say the following: Americans in a personal setting are usually more aggressive than Germans.  This stems from Americans generally being more confident, independent- rather than group-oriented, as well as being a culture that revolves around competition.  However, arrogance is seen really poorly in NA because deep down our competitive instincts hate hearing someone say they are better than they deserve.  We also love underdogs because it runs in line with the idea of being independent, the small guy fighting against tough odds.  And we strongly believe in reaping what you sow, that is if you mess up that you pay for it thoroughly, one of the reasons our prison rates are the highest in any developed country.   With all this combined, if DLift talks shit, will an American approve, seeing it as simply being confident and people who can't stand it have weak competitive instincts?  Will an American instead resent his attitude and view his behavior as a sign of arrogance, possibly considering it unwarranted boasting or putting down an underdog they respect?  And if DLift talks shit and fails, will Americans forgive easily and be quick to support him again, or will they be hard to forget his failure and seek to punish him even in future contexts where he's less offensive?   Which of these cases is symptomatic of being overly sensitive, or can each case be justified as long as you understand the perspective they're coming from?   There are contradicting patterns here which makes it hard to generalize in order to form a standard of expectation, and of course it's complicated by the fact that even being raised in the USA, it's impossible for my opinion of it's culture to be perfect in a general sense.  I guess
1	It gives awkward stats for those who want to use its passive.  Not every champion makes use of crit chance and it gives very little AD to warrant an ADC or an AD caster building it over items like BT, IE, LW, Black Cleaver, etc.   It's not similar to the AP item, Morellonomicon because Morello's is extremely gold efficient, giving 75 AP, 12 mana regen, and 20% CDR, which according to LoL wiki is about 3k gold worth of stats for only 2200 combined gold.  Executioner's Calling is worth about 2k in stats while costing 1900 gold.  Why get it as an AD champion when you can just have ignite.  Different story if you're an ADC, mainly talking about AD casters and assassins there though.
0	This is misguided at best, and possibly harmful at worst. As others have said, while a proper diet and regular exercise may be healthiest, those within the grips of depression have particular trouble keeping up such habits. Medication can work wonders if prescribed properly. They surely aren't a panacea (we really don't have a solidly effective antidepressant that seems to work with many people), but they certainly should have much less stigma surrounding them (excluding the use of such drugs and Adderall, Ritalin, etc. for children).   For example, I've suffered with depression of varying severity for the past 7-8 years. Recently I began taking an SSRI in addition to regular talk therapy (which had been ongoing for months before the SSRI). With the introduction of the SSRI, suicidal ideation has all but disappeared. I still suffer from motivation problems and general depression from time to time, but a certain spiraling pathway of thought that had become increasingly common in the months leading up to the prescription of medicine was broken during inception. I'm talking about a gradual change (over first month or so of medication) from suicide being an all-absorbing presence looming behind my train of thought at any given moment, ready to hook into any negativity or self-perceived failure to... shit, I don't know, normal being? Literally night and day back to what I had hardly remembered from happier times years ago. Now I still have to keep myself mindful or else I end up continuing previous habits that tend to cause me stress (procrastination, especially), but the difference in stress and avoidant behavior now that I don't seem to have a sword hanging over my head constantly is profound. Additionally, I would've sought therapy (and medication) years before if not for internalized stigma about seeking help (for mental health and in general).
0	Ambush lol sounds like youve been upset by this before so allow me to tread carefully.   Three years ago...   I met this girl. Literally/figuratively everything on my list I want in a girl  (obnoxious list of requirement ommitted) from Eastern Europe. Easily a solid 9/10 b&f.      We casually meet because of a chance encounter. We start texting we go on a two dates and are back n forth with communication etc etc.     Fast forward to our third date. I get a text from my ex. I tell My date excuse me I have to skype my son and tell him good night. I get up; skype him; and come back. As I sit down she already has this wtf look on her face. I tell her you never asked me if I had kids (truth) I said yes I have a son hes 2. She exclaims I dont want to date a guy with kids. I said first off I have a kid not kids second off if you dont want to date me then DONT. ill pay for tonight and we'll part as friends. She reluctantly relinquish.      Fast foward 4 months she finally has been invited to meet my son. Hes quiet and well behaved. They get along fine. Fast forward to three years we had our first kid together she loves my son. I am in the deepest loving relationship ive ever experienced. She totally and utterly completes me if every way possible.     Was it scummy?   Yes!   But its just a game with winners and losers and...   I fucking refuse to lose!
1	It was a joke, Skippy.  As was the original post that I'm getting downvoted so much for.
1	Please look completely at the example in comparison to all of the others.  It is the only one where there is no quantification to which form of "non-resident" they are referring to (every other time the phrase is used it specifies "exempt" or "non-exempt").  In order for this example to not contradict other examples given, it must read as "Team is starting three residents, two EXEMPT non-residents".  If it doesn't read that way then it is in contradiction with other examples.  None of the examples are perfect for this or the TSM situation.  That being said, there are two listed that specifically end with the team make up you propose (2 Exempt non-residents, 2 residents and 1 non-exempt non-resident) listed under the impermissible roster changes.  The only difference here is that you wish to imply the order a player is added to the team will make some sort of difference when the entire purpose of the rule deals with the final makeup of the roster.  The Example list was just that...examples and it's not a complete list.
1	Hi i am SteveSter and i am a casual plat player who mains Katarina top aiming for Diamond or masters playing Katarina top.   My goal in life is to try my best and make people's day by making them smile or laugh. I am super friendly and will help anybody in anyway i can by talking to anybody with personal problems or help anyone who wants to get better at league. I play ranked and normal usually chilling with my friends.   I usually stream it is usually weekdays 11am - 6pm EST   1 of my streams in a nutshell
1	Irelia is one of the few toplaners who can match up with him and can put up a level fight in the right hands. But I wouldn't say she  counters  him and has a distinct advantage.   He can still just knock her back when she Bladesurges onto him (which is exactly why Jayce stomps Jax so hard), which nullifies the usefulness of Hiten Style, because, well, she can't stay on top of him to hit him once he does knock her back after she Bladesurges.   One tactic that anyone wanting to try to counter Jayce with Irelia should be aware of is (if they're new to Irelia and this isn't already obvious to them) to Bladesurge onto a minion right next to Jayce to last-hit it, and use that as if you Bladesurged onto him and immediately attack him. Save the Hiten Style for a second though, because he will knock you back. Then, immediately Bladesurge back onto him (because it refreshed last-hitting the minion), THEN pop Hiten Style and go for it while his knockback is on cooldown. The only thing that keeps this from being amazing is that, if he's not an idiot, the first attack should have him retreating towards his turret as soon as he knocks you back, because he should be aware that you still have Bladesurge at your disposal, and you won't have much time to get a lot of damage in before you're in turret range.   Basically , (yes I know the finer points are all different, but focusing on the main kit elements), the only differences kit vs kit between her and Jax against Jayce is the possibility for that tactic to use up his knockback and then re-Bladesurge on him, and her ult being a ranged poke to throw back at him and having lane sustain with her innate lifesteal to make up for his poke at her. Which is enough to level her against him, (certainly puts her in a better position than most other tops against him) but certainly not enough put her at a distinct advantage over him.   Yorick is the only true toplane who can just constantly throw shit at Jayce and out-harass him all day while also being able to punish him any time he wants to jump in on him.
1	Teemo consumes the body of his slaughtered enemies, becoming stronger and his form is turning into the evil thing that he is.
1	Get a some games under your belt before you start ranked, mostly for your own good. Now you are really going to learn how to play the game, the leveling up is more for you to get comfortable with the game, now you need experience. I would say, get 2-300 games and you should have the knowledge and skills of the average LoL player which is the standard 1100-1300 ELO. And when you start going in to ranked, dont let the idiots ruin your experience of the game.
1	To answer the item question I think that all of those items are viable but each one has its own specialty.     BOTRK I feel would be a very good item if you get far ahead in lane as it allows you to duel with your lane opponent very well with all the stats it gives you plus the active.   Bloodthirster would be a good item if you get a little ahead but you are no longer just dueling your lane opponent. Bloodthirster gives you the highest AD for any single item in the game when fully stacked and the lifesteal would help you a tonne in teamfights. The main reason for getting BT over BOTRK would be if the opposing ADC has no real escapes of kiting potential e.g. Kog Maw or maybe Varus.   Static shiv along with ravenous hydra are the two best splitpushing items that Trynd can buy. So if you are planning on AFK splitpushing all game then I would recommend one or both of these items.   Infinity Edge in my opinion is one of trynd's core items with its crit chance and damage increase. Rushing and IE might not be the best route to go with as it gives you no sustain during teamfights without giving up a large portion of damage for your heal. Some examples where rushing and IE would be if you are so far ahead that you just crush anyone before they can do damage or if you have lifesteal from some other source, such as lifesteal quints.
0	Actually, something very similar happened to my brother in law recently, but ended with a twist.  He works at the express service station of a Dodge dealership, recently the station had gotten hit with a bad review by 2 different customers, so the boss decided it was time to get rid of the less motivated employees (I suppose).  He called the entire staff of the station into his office and told all of them he was permanently shutting down the station, transferring the mechanics to work in other departments, and letting the techs go.  After saying this he turns to the 4 techs and informs them that they can take a demotion washing cars at lower pay, otherwise he cant keep them.  They all initially agree to stay and wash cars, and get started with their first assignment, wash all the cars on the lot.  Within one hour, the laziest employee returned and quit.  At the end of the second day the boss called everyone back into his office, informed them he was not actually closing the express stop, had them all return to their original jobs, he gave all 3 techs a raise and gave my brother in law the biggest raise because he was the only one who washed cars without complaining, "Just got out there and got work done".
1	On champions that rarely gets focused? What elo do you usually play at?   In higher elo, supports like Sona/Zyra is a pretty big deal, so they usually gets killed pretty quickly, unless there are more potent threats on the team.   Why would you ever spec that much into offense? I usually only go for the ignite mastery in offense, and then go 1-13-16.   The thing you said about the carry not noticing it, is also wrong. Cleanse doesn't take away Malz/WW/Zed/Morde ults, if you didn't know that. And AD Carries benefit WAY MORE from having a GA, than a Mercurial Scimitar.   If you go 4% CDR in masteries, get lucidity boots, and both Locket and Shurelias, you're 1% short, either way, but your  TEAM   benefits  WAY  more from those two items, than you would EVER be able to make with Athenes.   And the thing about the kills you were talking about, what does it matter? It's nice and all, but you won't be able to notice a difference in the game overall if you get a couple of kills. Lategame it doesn't really matter either, if you just had a teamfight, and your entire team was wiped, and you stand alone, after last hitting an enemy with your Lich Bane proc. What objectives can you take, maybe a turret? Think about if you had a speed-up and an extra shield, maybe you would have had another survivor from your team?
1	From the rules it would be a 3-way tie and tiebreaker matches would happen:   "If no team in a tiebreaker holds a winning record against all other teams, the following structures will be used: 7.3.2.1 Three-way tie: A single round-robin will be played among the three teams. If this does not result in a hierarchical ranking of teams (i.e., distinct 2-0, 1-1, and 0-2 team records), then the three teams will be randomly drawn into a single-elimination bracket where one team has a bye into the finals."
0	You mean the ambassador of Basketball senior member Mr Dennis Rodman, and yes yes he did just get back.  I saw part of an interview with him, I think it was on Keith Olberman (sp?)  Anyway, He said that he objects to what Kim is doing but that Kim is a "nice guy", and that he considers him a friend.
0	In America as you approach a red light in the right most lane, the bike lane on the right hand side of the road turns into a right hand turn lane.  So if the person going straight in the right most lane at the red light  leaves enough room by staying to left side of the right most lane, they will leave enough room for other cars to go by them and allow them to turn right. Unfortunately most people going straight are terrible drivers and end up blocking the bike lane/right hand turn lane and force people to wait for the light to change so the car blocking them can go straight and they can turn right.   This turned out to be hard to explain.
0	One of my company's competitors was sued because one of their development engineering department's was all male.... and just to point it out -  just the development engineers  in that one department.... So out the whole (I think Knee) department that  also  encompasses all of knee marketing, knee quality, knee manufacturing, and knee regulatory/affairs, just because the 7 development engineers were all male the company lost the lawsuit.... and that was just one department; the company also has hips, extremites, trauma, etc.... but just because that  one  group of engineers out of the company was all male, the company had to pay out their ass.   The only reason I know about this is because after it happened, all of the other companies, mine included, went super-overboard on hiring women and minorities. Over the course of a year I went from my department being 6 guys + 1 girl, to 2 guys + 4 girls of all ethnicities.... And the sad part is that after getting to know them, they were completely aware of why they were hired.
1	Here's something that took me 1,5 years to learn. Although you meet lots of players in game, you dont have to interact with all of them. You should mainly focus on your own mistakes and improving your play (which includes teamplay ofc). It's a choice to communicate with someone. You dont even have to mute people. You should just realise that you dont have to respond to chat. Especialy pre 30 it's not as important to win. Much rather you want to learn the game. So focus on learning the game, instead of trying to win. Make mistakes, try out stuff, learn from it, get better. This is also the case with games post 30, and ranked games.
1	1) Viewers have full view vision  2) Viewers 'react' faster because the scenario is built in their heads with almost 100% accuracy before any fight begins and what to expect.  3) Viewers do not need to distribute their concentration to listen to team communication, make communication, predict things beyond the fog of war, control their own heroes with mouse and keyboard and coordinate with the caller's calls.
0	Woe... So true. Its worse for you than smoking. Less than 100% of smokers die.  Example.  50 smokers in a group.  Then 10 quit smoking, and are no longer smokers. All 50 people die.  That means that 40 smokers died and 10 non smokers died. So out of the original 50 smokers, only 40 smokers died...  Which means  only an 80% death rate.
1	SYDTKO has a LOT of very strong and extreme opinions on a lot of stuff. I like some of them, I dislike some of them. But what I really like a lot about the kid is that he is one of the few accomplished players (don't want to start a discussion about wether he is accomplished or not, but I'm pretty sure he's pretty known among the community) who regularly think outside the box and are open to share their ideas with the community.   I mean, some of the stuff he says is pretty odd (I'm 90% sure I recall him calling jungle Singed viable pre jungle remake, I mean, come on.), but at least he's not caught in a fashion a lot of the other pros seem to be caught in.
1	Agree on the princes teacup party, I also stated somewhere else people are keen to report you for everything. For example: Bot lane gets a fail gank or something that happens to mid, they argue and keep going on. Then Bot lane suddenly die at dragon pit (no dragon ~ no reason to be there) after they died, they (at least the adc did) started blaming Fiddle again. I stated that Fiddle has nothing to do with it, and then he said 'ignored'. This person may have or not have reported me after the game, propably not because we won that game.  I'm almost certain every game has 1-2 reports from the losing team.
0	I had a teacher who said that it needed to be six pages minimum in my college composition class.  I had five and a half pages.  Gave me an automatic F for not following the instructions.
0	Anyway, to answer your question.   There are a lot of animes in particular that reach into dark niches that would actually make pretty novels if written out.  I actually end up related quite a bit of animes to things similar to Game of Thrones. While typically more action packed, a lot tend to not be that light hearted.   As for more western cartoons(and the more light-hearted animes) people tend to watch them because they are easy and happy fun.  If you take nearly anything from Cartoon Network, there really are not deep themes are dark overtones.  To some people, this is a nice thing.  Not to mention some people still enjoy things such as slapstick humor, puns, intentional stupidity(look at Jackass and how popular that was...).   We can even relate it to some other things.  Why do some adults really enjoy Harry Potter? Written for teens, it is one of the most widely read books of our time.  There are plenty of books that might be better in literary quality, I'd say Lord of the Rings for example, that simply don't grip the entire audience.  The reason I chose Harry Potter over, say, Green Eggs and Ham is simple.  A lot of cartoons aren't exactly aimed for children of the age that they are starting to learn.   Plenty of animes, for instance, actually gear to older audiences. Older teenagers and young adults in particular with a lot of the action.  It can still be pretty compelling with plots for people that care for more than the action.
1	I'm not a pro player or even near that, but i'm a Diamond 1 EUW player and I enjoy smurfing a lot.   I can hold up to 80% win ratio up to low diamond 1 level and getting RNG:d on promotion series is just really dumb.   I just failed my plat V-->III because of 2 unlucky games as you can see here:
1	The changes to his mana per level (from +30 to +40) and W and E mana cost buffs (w from 75 to 65, e from 60 to 55) Were huge. You will still have problems if you spam golden aegis which is why I never even get it till 8 or so when I'm laning (should be gotten earlier for ganking when jungling).   But if you don't have blue buff you can just drop e in the middle of the camp and auto-attack away. E is fantastic for clearing. It boosts armor and attack speed (doubles your passive bonus, so even if it's not on the field you are still benefiting from leveling it). And I don't think you should forget about the fact that it does aoe damage ( 60 / 110 / 160 / 210 / 260). That's not insignificant, although it's really more of a bonus than a reason.
0	Well the first receipt would come in at $100 and he/she would bring it over to cash it in. Most people leave money and get up so I assume this person would only do this if he/she has seen the person(s) leave knowing they don't want a final receipt. It's very possible OP is just sloppy and does it without looking and will likely get caught.   It's also possible someone will come back in and ask for a second receipt but I'm sure you could say "you left without getting your change I gave you %10 off" or something.
0	So its in bad taste to joke about ethnicity or religion? My friends and I joke about everything. He rips on me for being an atheist, I tease him for being christian. We're both Hispanic and we don't mind when our other friends say the typical 'Mexican' joke. But I understand, not everyone appreciates offensive jokes so I keep it to myself. For others, I stick to puns and not so witty observations.
1	Power corrupts. It's always been like that, some mods become worse than trolls after some time modding, there and everywhere (here too).   Also you have the problem of the asslickers as I like to name them, users who always back up those mods and don't hesitate to feed that behavior with jokes and passive-aggression, just like you experienced ("your processor sucks").
1	It's not awful. If you play a style where you shield yourself more than the AD, it can work. Because you shield yourself, you have more ad to last hit and can go aggro.   Honestly it'd work in lower elos, where you might not be confident to play some of the skill based matchups Janna is supposed to win. (Leona, and Naut.) You'll die less, and provide slightly better sustain with well placed shields and relic.   However, it requires you manage your mana. Starting 3/1 or 2/2 Hp/Mana pots will probably be best. ( I'd try out 3/1 first.)   Also, you will probably have to practice last hitting if you suck at it. Don't expect to get every last hit. Go for the CS your AD is not going to get. And if you miss a cannon, it sucks.
0	if you had a non-healthy baby, wouldn't it be your or your wife's genes at fault? and if you ever do discover your baby is unhealthy while in the womb, it'd be much more beneficial to all humankind if you were to kill both your wife and yourself as well, as in the future, you would only be giving to the earth and society, weak, defected dna which you unknowlingly spread throughout the world like a plague.
0	Hahaha.   I just like things where I think they should go...   so umbrellas go in the coat closet by the front door (or whatever door gets used most.) Not in the bathtub, kitchen sink, or on the couch. If there's no coat closet, then there has to be some sort of basket or something and coat hooks. Coats also go in that closet. They don't go on the floor, or couch, though that doesn't make me freak out. I just put them away. Bitching at me for putting them away might get you a really snarky response, though.   Glasses and plates should either go above the dishwasher or next to the sink if there's no dishwasher, OR next to the table. I can deal with the latter, if there's a proper cabinet or hutch. And glass measuring cups aren't glasses. They don't go in the cabinet with the dishware. :P Likewise, measuring spoons don't go in with the soup spoons. Steak knives don't go in with the butter knives. Again, I'm more likely to just move them than make some scene about it - but if you put something away where it doesn't go, and I can't find it, don't make fun of me for it being right in front of me. I really won't see it if it's somewhere that doesn't make sense to me.   The underside of the bathroom sink shouldn't look like a hurricane hit. It also shouldn't be used to store things like dirty dishes. Ever. If the doors can't shut, you're doing it wrong. The same can be said for under your bed, though I won't bitch about you putting stuff under there as long as it's not something of mine or something bringing bugs in.   If you have long hair, don't clean your brush then drop the clump of hair on the floor. It's not that hard to throw things away. I WILL freak out about that one, Just like I'll be really unhappy if you put your cigarettes out via throwing them on the porch in front of the door. I smoked. I used an ashtray. That's where butts are supposed to go.   Don't ever.. ever ever ever.. move anything in my room. The clutter on my desk may look like a mess to you, but I know where everything is on it, and it's "organized" based on project I'm working on. You have no reason to go in my room anyway, as anything I'm willing to share is in the common area. Just.. don't even open the door to my room if I'm not home, unless it's on fire. And, if your cat pisses on my bed, I know you opened the door. Don't shut it and try to pretend you don't know what happened. You just did something gross AND invaded my territory - because your pets invading my room count as you invading my room. The moment I have to get a key lock to keep you out, we're not going to be good room mates. (If you are a room mate who also happens to be a long standing friend, or you have gotten permission from me, that's different.)   You're welcome to use my pots and pans if you don't have any. Don't burn stuff in them. Don't burn them. If you ruin my stuff, well, you know, accidents happen. Replace it. And don't replace a $50 skillet with a $5 Walmart one. That doesn't equal out. If it happens more than once, you won't be welcome to use my pots and pans, because I will be keeping them in the closet in my room. (See the note about having to lock my door.) Similarly, if I have 24 glasses when we move in together, and 3 months later only have 3, and I didn't break/lose any, I do expect you to replace them - with something at least similar. Plates, bowls, everything.   If you borrow my car and return it with no gas, you will never borrow my car again. If you tear a door handle off then tell me it's because my car is a piece of shit, you might just get run over by said car.   All these things have happened. This is why I don't like room mates of any gender at this point. I've had a few very awesome ones, but in general, no.   I know I'm not easy to live with, either. I don't generally get subtle hints. If you want to have a girl over and have me gone, you have to TELL me you want me gone. If you just say "Hey, my girl's coming to spend the night." I'm likely to respond with "Okay, I'll make sure there's enough dinner for one more person." or "Awesome. I should invite people, too!" I'm a total moron about things like that sometimes. I DO actually yell about hair clumps being thrown on the floor. I've even thrown a hairbrush or two over it. I did once pick up all of one guy's cigarette butts he chain smoked and put out on the porch and put them in his bed under the covers. I did, also, threaten to take a girl's face off with a brick wall if she even looked at me again in the next 20 days she had before we kicked her out. I'm still known for chucking tupperware across the kitchen at high velocity when my son and husband just stuff it in the lazy susan and it all gets jammed in there. While yelling. I put it all away afterward, but the tantrum isn't exactly appropriate. :P Happens about once a year about something like that.   Oh.. and one last thing: showers need to happen more than once every 2 months. I just don't care what your excuse is. Shower.
1	While you do have some very good points, your approach seems overly complicated. Having a multitude of enchantments -- with each being upgradable -- appears to be unnecessary when we could just have like three different versions of Hunter's Machete. This becomes especially apparent when you think about the fact that Hunter's Machete is really only relevant before your first back, since then you can buy enough different items fitting your playstyle.   I mean, don't get me wrong here, I hate having to buy Hunter's Machete on Zac and I'm not trying to bash you or anything, but as you pointed out there are "five main different type of junglers. Tank, AP, Bruiser, Assassin and Carry."     Bruisers, Carries, and AD Assassins already work pretty well with the regular Machete.   AP Junglers need a Machete equivalent granting a mix of things like AP, CDR, or mana/5.   Tank Junglers need a Machete equivalent that grants tanky stats and helps their clear.     Which leaves us at three different items, one of which is Hunter's Machete. We would only need to introduce an additional two items to make all Junglers happy.
1	Anyone who's watched OGN for any extended amount of time will understand just how far ahead Monte is in terms of analysis over every other caster. The only two that come close (but are still far behind imo) are Jatt and Kobe though Kobe can sometimes jump the gun a bit and make predictions which never happen.   I've said it before and i'll say it again.  EU is just miles behind . Quickshot is not analyst material and has always been a better host (very good at allstars for instance) and a better play by play commentator (when he was in NA for a few weeks).   Deman and Joe are both play by play and as much as I love them both they don't offer very good analysis when they cast together and should be saved for 3 man teams.   Deficio is getting there slowly... but he has a habit of just stating whats already happened without a whole lot of insight into why it was done. Like he'll list off "first they did this, then they did dragon and got 2 kills, then they pushed the mid tower". It's like he's aiming his analysis at people who have literally no clue what just happened. Though he is improving and has been doing much better lately.   EU would benefit so much from another analyst who knows his stuff. Someone like Krepo for instance. But with how Krepo has been playing lately I feel like his casting career is a long ways off.   You could also argue that the OGN english casting crew caters to a very niche audience compared to LCS and it's safe to assume most of the english people following the Korean scene know the basics so they don't have to Shepard the audience throughout the game.
1	The main reason those bots exist is the Refer a Friend system, and Riot has already stated that they will change it so people can no longer do it. Current system has unlimited invites, and gives rewards from IP, rune pages, RP, limited skins and such. The new system will limit invites to 5 people, and the rewards are 1000 per friend on lvl 10, at 3 friends you get a WW (I think it is Grey WW) skin and at 5 you get Medieval Twitch. Since the rewards are way smaller/easier, the bots will likely vanish. These changes should be in effect in less them a month, and this slight increase in bots are probably due to the scumbag exploiters trying to get a bit more out of the system.
0	Fellow adopted kid here. I believe this happened simply because I have had people argue me that I was not adopted more than I feel should be normal. This includes one kid when I was in about 3rd grade who didn't understand what adopted meant and then said 'well if you're adopted, then I'm adopted.' I got to the point if they wanted to argue me on it, I just told them to go ask my mom, at which point she would look at them like they were stupid and confirm what I said. I also had the bully kids who occasionally would try and make fun of me for being adopted.
0	Although effective obesity prevention leads to a decrease in costs of obesity-related diseases, this decrease is offset by cost increases due to diseases unrelated to obesity in life-years gained. Obesity prevention may be an important and cost-effective way of improving public health, but it is not a cure for increasing health expenditures.   [Source](   Forbes ran an article basically saying the opposite of what the forbes article you posted says.   EDIT: [More Source](
1	Hey, just wanted to give my 2 cents on this topic. A couple weeks ago I decided to climb from 1300 to 1450. In 2 days, I climbed that elo and it was because of one reason: the time of day I decided to queue. Not to make generalizations and such, but I avoided the early afternoons to late night because I knew that this was when people in high school and younger were on LoL. Trust me, you will experience the difference between queuing in the morning/noon time vs the afternoon/nighttime. Generally I get more mature and less flame-y teammates and enemies when I queue during school hours. 1300-1450 elo is such a toxic elo area where people give up and start raging if the smallest thing isn't going their own way. You want to try to minimize this by eliminating the probability that this will happen, thereby increasingly making the game a test of true skill rather than a war of insults and qq-ing.
1	I'm not really sure, anymore. It's been so long since Blitz has been open (and if open, then picked) that I'm not sure I'd be able to play him properly. =/   Otherwise, it's 'cause he's a safe pick than can initiate small skirmishes well (read: fights in lane, mostly), and has a lot of utility in teamfights later on as well.
1	He is Tier 1 in the blind pick list.   Draft mode is a different game, and the high level of play that elementz is talking about is a different game.  The reason he is tier 4 is that a top level Xin Zhao vs a top level Morgana is not good for the Xin Zhao.   If the Xin Zhao's team composition is just right you might still see him included, or possibly as a late pick when the enemy will not be able to choose someone to shut him down.
1	It depends heavily on what you like to play, mid lane is very diverse in what you can pick in terms of what you want your role to do. For instance, they range from safe farm heavy mids, to assassins who will roam and try to create pressure on the map (not saying farm type mids cant do this, just more prevalent that an assassin will). If you are looking for assassins try:     Zed- Arguably one of the strongest assassins at the moment, good mobility, burst, and with surprising sustained damage.     Talon- I unfortunately haven't played with his nerf just yet, but i feel like he is still a strong assassin as he is one of the best assassins to roam and gank with     Ahri- Probably not the best assassin, but she is a personal favorite being able to assassinate very well with high mobility and burst, but also not falling into the trap of being a heavy AD mid like most other assassins.       Next if you want to try and play a more passive and team fight mid, here are 3 reccomendations:     Orianna- The most balanced mid laner in the game. Provides a game changing ult with a good set of utility with her sheild and w speed up w/ slow. She is fairly mechanicly complex but if you play enough games, i guarantee you will get her down.     Syndra- I wanted to put her down as an assassin, while she does provide a heavy amount of burst potential, she is a very potent safe laner who's stun in the late game can really change fights. She is a sudo-assassin that is also amazing at wave clear and farming throughtout all stages of the game.     Xerath- Super safe, alot of damage, good burst, long range, this guy is amazing. Takes a little getting used to, but love him aswell.       Now i have given a list of good mid lane picks to start with, but i reccomend wholy to try out any mid pick you want, thats the beautiful thing about this lane. Just about anything is viable in it, some are worse than others, but it is definitely a role that is very diverse in its picks. There are some good picks i did not put in the lists (Yasuo, Ziggs, LeBlanc, Fizz, and Azir if your feeling brave.) The lane is infinite in its picks, and i hope the best for your journey into mid lane. Good luck on the Fields of Justice Summoner! (<- or did they change the lore that much already this is no longer relevant? idek)
0	A few people do. I work in Supermac's which is like, Irish McDonald's, and we have a serious amount of people who either complain that the temperature of our coffee is too hot or too cold. The ones who say it's too hot piss me off more though, I once got really mad and was like "could you not just wait until it cools down?!" and he just looked at me as if they idea of waiting was fucking ludicrous! I did offer him ice cubes afterwards though
0	when gas is cheaper, ppl don't care about cars conserving gas, auto manufacturers go back to making cars that get bad mileage, morons buy them anyway when gas is underpriced, they need more gas, environment dies, planet dies.
0	It was my first night bartending. I was just moved up from bar back and I was so excited. The pub had been fully rented out for a wedding so we were told to wear white shirts and to look as good as possible. The servers had been busy putting up decorations all afternoon, we had been scrubbing down the bar so everything shined like stars in the night sky. Beautiful. The guests came streaming in, and we set it up like a toonie bar: all drinks were $2 for the guest and the groom was to cover whatever was left. Guests were giving us $5 bills for single glasses of wine, telling us to keep the change. It was great, I was having fun! Got about two hours into it when all hell broke loose. Guests were asking to use the locked handicapped washroom beside the bar, we were confused why no one was using the full washrooms just downstairs. They were recently renovated so they were super nice, all stone tiles, black walls, candles and the like. We asked a manager to check (we were slammed behind the bar, three of us going full tilt). She comes back, white as a ghost and asks me to grab a mop and meet her downstairs. The pipes had backed up beneath the washrooms, ladies first and then it backed up the men's too. Literal shit was oozing out of the floor drains, joined by water pouring out of the toilets. Even the sinks had chunks of nastiness coming back up from whatever watery grave they came from. I was told to start mopping to stay ahead of it, my manager was going to call an emergency plumber. I wadded into the middle of the ladies room with a mop bucket that felt woefully inadequate and started schlepping and schlopping sewer water into my bucket, trying to clean up this mess. The next three hours, in my mind, is just a brown blur, interrupted only by the plumber eventually arriving, putting a snake down our pipes and eventually finding a inflated ball of tampons the size of a volleyball fully plugging our aging building's poor drainage system.  I finished that night smelling like bleach with two ruined shoes. My manager bought me a drink. Thank god.
1	Jinx's Ultimate is an execute and cannot be compared.   Ashe's Ultimate is a cc and cannot be compared.   So the only one we can really compare this to it's Ezreal's Ult since they both only exist to do damage.     Assuming you have 200 bonus ad at level 11 - 15:   Ezreal's Ultimate would do 700 (500 + 200) for 100 mana.   Draven's Ultimate would do 990 (200*2.2 + 550) for 120 mana.   Furthermore it's very likely that Draven would build pure dps where as Ezreal would be spending gold on mana regen, so it's likely that Draven would having more ad than Ezreal at level 11 - 15.   So 20 extra mana for so much extra damage seems more than reasonable.
1	I bought Evelynn two days ago and after starting 0-2-4 I was being raged at for "feeding" even though said feeding was actually roaming and setting up 4 kills. Then, because I "stole" 20 creeps from our Ashe in the first 20 min of the game, she decided to start attempting to surrender and sit in the well, spamming me for ruining the carry's farm. Shortly after I was 6-5-7, Ashe was still vomiting hate, and our jungle (2-8-5 and fail ganks galore) began to blame me randomly after he tried to "Backdoor" by walking straight down mid lane into their entire team.
1	A support generally has the job to keep track of the map and the timers so  it would not be too strange if he made most of those calls. It also always depends on what champ you play. As a support soraka you dont really make the calls of initiation and roaming and taking objectives as much as a agressive and tanky support like alistar and taric.   but like I said. Your job is to ward and keep track of timers and the map overall. It is not so strange that you, as a support, is the first one to notice if someone from the enemy team is in the wrong place or an opportunity opens up.
0	Appropriate username is appropriate!   See, at least you have decent reasoning behind your tailgating. Yesterday on my commute home, a person started rising my ass BECAUSE I moved into the right late. There was a person speeding up behind me, and I noticed it in time, so I moved over.   Then this other car was trying to fly around the first car I noticed by getting into the right lane, and speeding up on me. We weren't the only cars on the road, it was a busy time of day. They rode up on me and threw their hands up in the air, like I was the fucking idiot for getting in the SLOW LANE.
1	I had someone tell me today in a ranked that I should've taken Surge on Soraka, and I asked why. They said that because it was AOE it would work with his champ, Kogmaw, in the lane -- giving him bonus AS. Not only was he illiterate, and didn't read tooltips -- but he fed the lane. GG new summoners.
1	I actually disagree with the point that a flexible meta is entirely a good thing in LoL.  If you look at that same situation in DOTA2, and how the competitive games can have a 3-1-1 set up, a 2-1-2 setup or a 1-2-1 with a jungler set up and so on, it makes the games of the general populace extremely horrible as an experience.   Look at it this way.  Ofcourse the game is a team game, its designed to be played as a 5v5 mindset and the idea of a flexible meta is actually good IN ONLY THIS SITUATION.  thats because TEAMS can master certain set ups, certain comps and so on and become extremely proficient and then its a game of who executes what better and plays a strategically greater game.   Now you have what over 99% of the games populace are playing which are games with probably no more than 2 or 3 people that actually know each other.  Couple that with different regions, especially europe, communication is at a fault.  For example, im english and i've had games with french, italian and spanish premades with me, and ive been able to fit my role, my position in the game just because i know the meta and its a mutual universal understanding.   You've now introduced an incredible amount of co ordination between so many meta's that different people are more and some are less proficient in.  What also is a problem is now the quality of games deteriorates because of this imbalance of understanding at how others play.   The best example i can give in terms of league is how the transitions from season 1 and 2 affected Shushei for example.  At his time he was almost how faker is looked out now, and his AP top was incredibly good.  The meta shift and he fell down hard, and while a meta change is good, having a flexible meta will make this much more impactful at all levels.   The same thing happened to Lilballz of TPA, he was so used to the cc supporty type junglers and the meat tanks that the more nimble and gank assassins like lee sin, jarvan and evelynn that crept up over time really made him lose his edge, and while ofcourse he should be able to adapt,  a constant fluctuating meta will cause considerable harm to the state of the game in lower level play   At the end of the day, league of legends is a GAME and people use it to blow off steam, have some fun and enjoy it, and with a flexible meta people are going to be less in the loop, the game is going to lose its pick-upable status, and i feel thats what made league of legends so popular   take this post as you will with a grain of salt, but ive played league for over 3 years (and at diamond level), and have had my hand in DOTA2 for well in the 100's of hours.
1	Coming from Silver 4 (almost bronze) I completely disagree - this actually sounds like a fun game mode that I would really enjoy playing (yes, even as the retard in the middle).   For the sake of being nice to bronze players, can I join 4 diamond players as the adc and remove my "w" key from my keyboard? maybe I'll just use my track pad on my laptop - whatever handicap you think is necessary to demote me an extra few ladder steps (I'm pretty bad as it is).   NA - game name Jevahn.
1	Thresh is pretty balanced as far as numbers and fulfilling his role. Really, the only other support that could be considering as balanced as "true" (sorry, cant think of a better word) is Leona.   You know how to figure this out?  Look at the other supports that are getting play time right now.   Morgana: an AP mage that brings good crowd control.  Her numbers arent amazing and she cant delete anyone unless she lands everything.  Why not just bring her bot lane so she can just throw a 3 seconds tun everywhere? Also, black shield is great and i dont even know what tormented soil does.   Annie: TIBBERS!! 2 second stun.  An ally has been slain.  Enough said.   Karma: Kind of lackluster and really only getting play as a niche role (speed comps)   Now let's look at champions who were designed as a support of some type that are NOT being played as supports.   Nidalee: Theoretically, good vision and heal and some poke every now and then.  Actually? Well, let me throw a dozen spears and as soon as one hits, my team won the fight.   Kayle:  I actually don't have anything against Kayle, but she does support my point that sometimes supports don't have the right numbers and they just aren't played as a support.   Lulu:  Scaling damage, scaling slow, scaling shield, scaling speed boost, scaling health on ultimate, a polymorph effect, an ability that gives you vision and makes landing other abilities easier, and a passive that makes your autos hit harder (obviously scaling).  A support thats a better control mage than all of the control mages.  Lastly, AP ratios are pretty great.  Why have her support when, with enough gold, she can dictate an entire fight from 1000 units away?   Soraka: Just. Wow.  I know a lot of people in this subreddit have an anti-Morello circle jerk going on, but he got it right when he said soraka was unfun.  There's no counterplay to Soraka other than hard cc and extreme burst, but they must be together.  (before i get a lot of replies telling me soraka has lane counters or you just need to gank her because she pushes, thats not kit counterplay, thats something altogether different).
1	my first game of team builder me and my friends were 4 premade and were looking for a jungler, we ended up finding one 5 minutes in and that was an elise, he said hi in the lobby and then we started the game but she never connected we ended p losing in 23 minutes and then we took a small break. when my and 1 other friend decided to queue up for teambuilder everything went fine except their jungler never connected and we ended up stomping them.
1	I understand, the rage, the countless hours of time doing nothing productive, the terrible community. It begs the question, why play? I think everyone's answer to the question is a bit different but for me, its the adrenaline rush and playing on skype/ts3 with my friends. Its the yelling like a pirate and calling the other team landlubbers as gp. Its the videos like those made by choleraninja and dunkey. Its the absolutely hilarious things that happen that you can only share with friends who are in game with you(lucky ashe arrows, blitz pulls, random kills by/from cait/teemo/nid traps, etc.). Its the perfectly executed ganks. Its the baron/dragon steals that make you feel like a pro. Its just so much more, I justify all the time I play league by the fact that I find ways to make it so much fun.   I also know that if I have a rough night where im raging or doing bad, I try to queue with friends and either troll build for fun or play a champ Im confident with and try to pubstomp. It also helps knowing when to mute your team. I assume you're not 30, as you progress you'l find that people will do less absolutely retarded stuff( not saying that it still doesn't happen). I also find that for some reason normal draft mode is better than blind pick when it comes to stupid stuff like that.
1	1) Always remember that those 2 minions that ar far but you realy realy need to get, arent worth it.. 2) first trip back, buy something that makes you tanky enough (F.e. Once I played as jarvan vs Cait, bought a chain vest, game over/ playing ww vs Gp, bought glacial shroud, gg/lane vs kennen, rush negatron cloack) 3) ranged champs dont have gap closers(most of them) so call for ganks.. Also, while you build tanky, you can tower dive them easily, if your jongler is stronk dmg boum pew pew.. Remember that you scale better than them in terms of hp/armor/mressist/skill damage(till late game ofc) so building tanky is the tip..
0	You really have no idea what is going on in the US, do you?   In short form:  about 4 years ago a law called the ACA (affordable care act) was passed, it was later ruled constitutional by the Supreme Court, and hence is a valid law.  It requires all people in the US to buy insurance or face a penalty from the government.  The law will be coming into full effect on Jan 1st 2014 for individuals, right now congress, specifically the House of Representatives is attempting to add a delay to it (they originally tried to add a complete repeal of the law) as a rider to the budget they are passing.  The Senate refuses to pass the budget as a result of this, which has caused the previous budget to lapse without a replacement, causing all non essential federal programs to shut down until a budget is passed.   This has NOTHING to do with the debt ceiling, which is tackled separately.
1	You want poke supports, but unless you're comfortable with Sona don't try her into this match up. Sona is a little UP still and to beat Morg you need to know your Q range like the back of your hand.   Instead I think the easiest match up is Karma for Morg. Karma beats Morg so hard, your poke is way too much. You can zyra too, but make sure you know how to position right, bc if she snares you in a bad spot you're dead. You can also play against her as Annie, and I personally find the match up easy , but you need to know how to bait her shield.
0	I'm not saying that it is. Actually, some very interesting studies comparing prostitution to marriage have been done.   See: Michael Noer; "The Economics of Prostitution", published in Forbes, February 11, 2006.   Additionally, third-wave does not, by generalized standards, have an opposition to prostitution, but rather aims to receive equal benefits and protections for women who choose to work in prostitution, such as in Brazil or Argentina, rather than a system where prostitution is forced upon women by social dysfunction or human trafficking. (Both serious issues in the US system).
1	FYI: RP is for champions, IP is for runes. Try your hardest to save ALL your IP while you are leveling up. At level 20 you unlock Tier 3 runes (the best you can get). By that time you'll have enough runes for 2 basic sets of them.
1	His statement was that NintendudeX is the best player >by far< (most likely a statement based on these qualifying matches). This is just wrong...
1	how bout AD zhonyas then? cause uknow when that syndra/zed ults you most supports can't do that much.   AP champs scale insanely levels and ap items up to 7-800 ap average and 1200 ish if they push it, ad champs scale mostly with items and they usually cap at around 350 up to 450. AP champs can afford to sacrifice a slot for a QSS without impacting their late-game that much while adc's need that lategame power to stay relevant.
0	Totally agree.  Its a bout being a bro when they are NOT being bro-worthy that counts.  The best thing would be to convince your friend or even beat his ass for being a douche and cheating.  Telling the wife was a weak bitch move imo.   And all the boys using chivalry to justify OPs move doesnt know what real friendship should be about.  You protect them from the outside and do what you can to let them make the best decision between you two.  At least give him an ultimatum of him coming clean, breaking it off, or you will tell the truth.
0	This is untrue.   There are multiple organizations that certify people in CPR, First Aid, and other stuff. Among others, These include American Red Cross, American Heart Association, and Emergency Care and Safety Institute.   While theoretically anyone could start a CPR business and print themselves a card, it wouldn't meet the requirements for many jobs that DPH specifically puts in place for CPR training. For instance, to work as an EMT in Massachusetts, "Only BLS-CPR and/or ACLS training certificates, issued by recognized training institutions, that include BOTH didactic and practical skills training and evaluation, are considered to be valid"
1	I worked for a free-to-play gaming company (that will remain unnamed) with a similar business model to Riot's  for a few years, so I can provide some insight.   Each in-game item released generates revenue. On average, it takes anywhere between a few days and 3 weeks to create an in-game item (including art and programming, which usually are not done at the same time). (Super awesome items and super easy items go well above or well under that estimate.)   In the end, the cost of employees' salaries + office space + electric + legal + marketing + misc + time spent creating in-game items = 30-50% of gross profit. This makes for a net profit of 50-70%. That's huge. (This isn't per-item exactly. The company consistently releases X number of items each month and the profit is calculated from that. Of course there are items that out-perform other items, but in the end everything balances out.)   My company does have a merchandising department... and it's a drain. It takes 2-3 employees to run every single day (and that's not counting customer service emails, those stay with the CS department which is being paid for by the in-game item equation).   On average, a t-shirt takes about 1-3 weeks to design by the art department, then 1 week to receive a test print from the printing company (if it's local... not local takes 2 weeks or more), if the sample was perfect (and it never is. the colors are always a little off and need tweeking) the you authorize the order, if it's not perfect you wait for another sample, then after it's authorized it takes at least 2 weeks to receive the large shipment of shirts. Fans want an awesome shirt of X? It'll be 4 weeks MINIMUM (more likely 3 months) before fans will even be able to put in an order. And this is if it's rushed. The art department doesn't have time to sacrifice one person to work on a shirt for a full week right now. These things have to be planned.   Plushies are another thing entirely. You have an awesome 3D design of the plushie you want? Ok, now find a plushie company that can replicate it using the fabrics you want, make it look just as cute, and make it not cost $100 per unit. The nose is the hardest to replicate - the more detailed you want it, the more it costs. Found it? The company will want a base order of 10,000 units or more. They're made in China, so you have to calculate shipping into the cost per unit. It ends up being about $6-20 per plushie, depending on quality and detail and lots of other things. Fans won't pay more than $X for a 6" plushie, or $Z for a 10" plushie. And the more reasonably priced you make it for your fans, the deeper you're cutting into the profit margin. (Remember the 2-3 people only work the merch department? this is supposed to pay their salaries.) Want to get them made in the USA? You'll pay a lot more.   Action figures are entirely different. You have to find a sculptor who can make it for you. Do you want the figure to have movable parts that require joints (arms, legs, neck)? Will the sculptor make you a mold or do you have to get it made elsewhere after you get the prototype? Will he make an unpainted and painted prototype? (You have to mail the unpainted + mold to toy factories for estimates. The painted prototype is to see if the colors you chose will look like what you're imagining.) 1st estimate too high? Send the stuff over to factory #2. (To avoid the back and forth mailing to other countries, my company hires an outside consultant who lives in China and will work with the toy factories and gather estimates and do some quality control before they manufacture X,000 units. You also need an awesome artist to design the box. You have to buy a UPC code, make sure you include all the warnings on it, get the action figure tested and approved for X ages and up. It takes over a year (I don't remember exactly how many) to get an action figure from a concept sketch to ready to sell. 3 -5 months for the prototype and another 8-12 or more to get the final shipment.   Oh and in case you're wondering, the plushie designer, t-shirt company, and scultor have questions and need a reply ASAP unless you want to push back the due date.   In the end, the merch department's profit margin is very low. It has huge costs up front and no profit until you're almost or totally sold out. We're guaranteed X sales for every item because there are players who are such huge fans that they will buy every single item even if they hate it, but sometimes merch will sit in the warehouse room (did you think it fit in the regular office space??) for over a year and longer. Eventually it will sell out, but after the initial spike in sales after release, old merch moves VERY slowly.
0	As someone with several suicides in the family, one of them gun related. Each person, with the exception of the gun suicide tried multiple times. I dont argue that it's based on impulse, but the numbers don't really tend to revisit the same people to see if they ended up going for another method. One cousin tried an otc pill overdose, didn't work so they tried wrist cutting, didn't work so they tried drugs.. that one worked.   They may not 'go to plan B' in one sitting, but to think that removing 1 item from them will fix them is not right either. Guns add a finality to it to be sure, and making sure they aren't around them is good. the problem is politicians use this as a stepping stone to skirt real issues and take guns from everyone they can. The number of people that are thought to have depression is huge, but most of them are just a little depressed and will never pose a threat to themselves or others. Ask a politician though and a case of 'the monday's means the person is a suicidal homicidal maniac just waiting to quench their thirst for blood.
1	I'm spitballing here:   APC or AP Support vs ADC     AP items are more likely to make the user tankier than AD items are  (Abyssal, Rod of Ages, Zhonya's, Athene's vs IE, PD, BT, LW)   AP is cheaper to build than AD  (Long Sword +10AD for 360g = 1AD for 36 gold, Amplifying Tome +20AP for 435g = 1AP for 21.75g).   AP champs rely on skills, ADC's rely on basic attacks, and skill base damage rises faster than basic attack base damage   AP champs are designed to scale well for early-mid game, ADC champs are designed to scale well for mid-late game   AP champs are designed to do burst damage, ADC champs are designed to deal sustained damage     AD Bruiser VS ADC     Bruisers are likely to build resists early   ADC are NOT likely to build armor shred until late   ADCs are unlikely to build resists until late   Bruisers rely on damage from skills, not auto attacks  (for the most part)     EDIT
1	I can't help as much with Xin but I may be able to help with Nocturne.   Your build is fine right up until Brutalizer --> Yomumu. Personally I just hang onto Brutalizer and go off and build something tanky whether it be Wits End or Phage, etc. Yomumu is a great item, but slightly more crit, damage and attack speed is kinda unneeded when he has half of those things built in already. Finish Yomumu late game after you've gotten Frozen Mallet or B. Veil or something.   What I'm assuming what is going on is you are strong with Xin/Nocts ganks, which is their strong point, but mid-late game you are either jumping in the middle of fights or not making up for their defensive properties once the laning phase ends.   Early game: Ganks are his specialty due to his Q/Ult and his strong early-game damage.   Mid Game: Either start to build tanky since that's where he's lacking mid-late game or remain mobile and hidden and jump out any time there's an even team fight (2v2 or something) or they try to do a tower dive against your team.   Going forward though, do NOT jump in anything larger than a 2v1 (ie 3v1, 4v2 unless they are under a tower or some of them are very weak). Noct simply cannot survive the brute force of an overwhelming amount of champions.   A lot of people screw up with Nocturne (aka "DARKNESSSSS"  Noct has been slain ) because they severely misjudge their opponent that they are ganking or they end up in the middle of the enemy team. Mid-late game Noct should be playing more like a Yi in the fact he needs to be one of the last people into a fight and he can do so easier than Yi in fact.   A few smaller jungling tips I can give:     Don't think you need to kill something for a "successful gank". If they burn summoner skills that's perfect. Just come back within 4 minutes to finish the job (in regards to flash).     Counter jungling- although great- is highly risky unless you know the status and condition of the enemy junlger. CV from your support can help you.     Mid game most junglers rolls go from ganker/dps/carry to disruptor, tank, and or tanky dps. Very rarely (unless you are jungle Karthus) do most junglers stay squishy in regards to being viable mid-late game.
1	I'm just going to throw this out there: I'm graduating this May with a degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of [insert state here] (reputable engineering department) and I play a lot of video games. Like a shit ton of video games. You don't have to give up college to pursue a gaming career. Sure, towards the end, you'll have to make a choice. However, until you get to that point, you can still go to college and be successful.
1	I think you have a skewed idea of what tanks are though. The idea behind a tank is that they go in first and soak up damage while your dps and support do work behind you. There isn't a utility requirement for someone to be called a tank. Typically a bruiser is someone who sits in between being a tank and a squishy, being able to output a fair amount of damage but still being quite healthy.
1	Go look at the rules first.   11. Can I be banned for not playing the meta?   Players are not banned by the Tribunal for not playing the meta; they are banned for consistently creating negative experiences for others. We have data suggesting that reviewers of Tribunal cases are very thoughtful and accurate in their verdicts, so if you were reported for not playing the meta but were being a positive player, you can expect to be judged fairly. In general, players should feel empowered to play what they want and to try new strategies; however, this does not give you a license to be disrespectful or rude to your fellow gamers.   Taken from the Tribunal FAQ.
1	Lift Lift, I'm a huge fan, but you have to realize that you are a playing a team game. Also, the best players raise the level of play of their teammates. Your team spends an awful lot of time making you look good, but how often do you think of ways to get them carrying? Scarra is pretty goddamn important to dig, but he doesn't require nearly the amount of help as you to carry.
0	First off, I'm really sorry you get in bro. You literally did everything you should have to get into the school and your advisers were not wrong with their reasoning. You should have got in. Fear of not getting into Med School was one of the reasons why I have decided to go with a different career path, after strongly considering being a MD my whole life. But secondly, to the people who keep telling OP to apply to more schools that is not correct at all. I just took a class on how to get into Med School, last semester. Now I know Reddit loves to rag on people who take one class and think they know everything, but this class was taught by our health career admissions leader and the doctor who runs the Med School program with the purpose of getting more students into Medical Schools. More schools applied to does not mean you have a better chance of getting in, unlike college. Med Schools strongly prefer students who are instate residents or have strong ties to the state of the school. So more schools is not going to increase the chance of getting in. My only suggestion would be maybe to work on your personal statement or interview skills, but it sounds like you have tried that already. Good luck to you in the future and hopefully a success kid meme in the future about getting in on your third try.
0	you know what's worse? In middle school I was a pretty big kid and I was able to pick smaller people up by holding their neck with both hands and slowly picking them up. I only did this to friends or acquaintances who asked me to do this. Well one school dance I thought I saw my friend and did this to him from behind without asking him. It was some random guy I didn't know. I was like oh shit but the guy was like oh shit too and he was cool about it.
1	I have this every time I boot up my computer. It's really annoying, but extremely useful if I need to go some place.   Gonna be on the road for more then 2 hours? Start up my computer, take a leak, turn off computer and go!
1	its because of their shitty system, every MMR system is designed to find your 50% winrate zone, its a perfect system when everyone is at 50% winrate. Basically this means the more you win/higher winrate %, the higher the skill of your opponents in an attempt to find your cap out zone. Basically you keep playing enemies higher and higher until you stick around 50% winrate.   The problem with Riot's system is that players are too infrequently rewarded with multiple division promotions and your winrate already needs to be abnormally high to get into promotion series anyways. What this means is because of your winrate needed to go up one single division you often prove yourself among players several divisions/leagues higher. They should go back to an Elo system with some improvements. Adjusted Elo gains based on Elo of opponents would warrant more Elo gained. Therefore each time you beat someone with "plat 2 mmr" you would be more quickly accelerated to plat 2 area elo, then you would get matched against diamonds and then masters until your winrate falls and you get matched against plats again.   With this system you would quickly rise to your actual skill level and then take about 10-20 games to even out exactly where you should be since winning against someone higher will give you boosted numbers but losing to people above you would give you reduced losses.
1	You lose every lane cause adcs are weak? You also play against adc which is skill matchup,
1	You sound incredibly eloquent and thoughtful. The fact that you can single handedly ignore the concept of "computer-based activities as jobs" in the modern world really shows that you are in touch with modernity. Do you realize that these guys are pro gaming because they want to? Players like RapidStar and Flame initially became pro because they failed their university entrance exams, but to withstand that regime to begin with shows that they are willing to play games that often i.e. they really enjoy that sort of thing.   To paraphrase from Cloudtemplar in his stream a year ago:   >You know, if somebody told me if he wanted to be a pro, I would by all means encourage him to come over to the gaming house for a test. A lot of people do this actually, and they all leave within 3 days. It takes more than "being good" to be a pro; you need to be able to truly enjoy it to really play 12 hours a day and not be burned out by it.   You seem to think that the korean players are mindless robots that play games for prize money (like Alex Ich and Reginald) and you are just as retarded as they are for that. Also:     Don't use "we", because a lot of people who read your post disagrees with you.   All your points are assuming that Korean pros are slaves being overworked, which is total bullshit ^   If you watch eSports for the narrative, I'm very sure you can find better ones in literature.   Sport implies competition. Sport is not a narrative. To confuse sport for one is a definitional error, making you wrong in all fronts. The EU LCS does a lot of it, which is a side-effect of them not really doing anything internationally notable for a while. If you are a strong region, you don't have to fill your region's content with narratives that take place out of the gaming scene.     By reading your post, I thought you were really literary, but honestly you just don't have the knowledge to write up posts like this.
0	You sir, are correct. The vast majority come from very poor places. Myself included. Can you blame them though? They have no real shot at college, or even meaningful work. We never have had money likes that before. At the height of 911 paranoia, we were paying kids straight out of the slums 10-25k sign on bonuses; healthcare, all that good stuff. You are correct, but understand, this is still not their war to fight. They are signing on to contracts from the federal government, and are expecting them to be fulfilled. Many of us are disabled from the current wars and need help. We are more or less being denied our benefits. The VA does nothing in a timely manner. The running joke is they give us paperwork that takes so long to process, er will die before it actually happens.
1	Okay. Let me break this down for you.   1 Greater Quintessence of Critical Chance imparts a +1.86% critical chance.   That means you are 1.86% more likely to score a single critical strike.   That in no way shape or form means that you WILL crit them. On any given attack a you have a 1.86% greater than normal  chance  to strike critically. There is no  guarantee  that you will.   Stack a couple of those runes, and your odds of a critical hit will be substantially higher than the norm. The maximum critical strike chance you can reach at level 1 without items is 20.25%, excluding Ashe's and Tryndamere's passive. but you are wrong in saying that you will absolutely no matter what in any given scenario crit. That simply isn't true.   We may well be arguing semantics at this point, but ultimately i'm technically correct - which, as we all know, is the best kind of correct.
1	It's a squiggly line, colorblind people can't see squiggly lines.   In all seriousness, though, I don't know why they can't tell the difference.   I feel like the modified textures are significantly more obvious than any contrast (or lack thereof) in colors.  The two most common colorblindness types are red/green and blue/green, and both of those would still be able to tell the difference in colors, although it may not be quite as obvious.  The giant jagged lines at the edge of it are also fairly visible, even while being a somewhat similar color to parts of the map it may be on top of.
1	Not that what your saying isn't true (having subjective commentators for international games in football, icehockey or any other sport is great, and, as you say, makes the the games more personal or exciting), this only goes for sports broadcast on national channels, and not on the internet, where many different nationalities watch the same streams.   Even though the twitch channel is broadcast in English, it doesn't mean everyone is rooting for the English speaking team. (I know this isn't the same for e.g. the Polish stream, because anyone who is watching that channel is more than likely from Poland.)
1	It depends on the situation.. It's hard to say if its benifical or not. In some cases, yes.. in some, no.   If the enemy laner is dead and you have a chance to deny him experience/gold and reset the wave. That's 100% benifical.. But you have to factor in how long he is dead.. does have have TP? Generally as a jungler when you gank a lane you should help him push the wave not necessarily try and take all the CS. obviously there are some rare cases such as push the lane and go dragon or make sure all the waves are pushed for baron.
1	They can see who's making hundreds of false reports and being incredibly toxic. However, people who make very few false reports stay under the radar while still possibly depriving people of prizes.
1	Kennen has an advantage during laning since he is based off of energy. It means that his ability use isn't limited by how much mana he has. On the flip side, once Riot balances Kennen to have a fair laning phase, his energy system is a handicap - he can't build mana to really get past the mana use limits he has during laning, so he's limited during teamfights. Furthermore, getting cooldown reduction doesn't help either, since Kennen will quickly run into energy limitations.   Fundamentally, mana-based champions are limited by their mana system during laning, but getting past mana issues is highly rewarded, especially by cooldown reduction. Energy-based champions are limited less by mana issues during laning, but miss out on the rewards for dealing with mana issues.
0	as an insurance agent there are a few things wrong with this statement. first off each individual pays a portion into the system. The system is not meant to have prolonged and continued collectors. people just can't consistently get more out than they put in.  Oh, what's that You're bringing up the law of large numbers? this concept is what makes insurance possible and states that through spreading the risk among many we can create a safety net for those of us who need it. this is the backbone of insurance with actual premium coming in at a second to this rule. with the law of large numbers in place (which the government intervention helps make possible) the system is a bit less broken in that employers pay a portion and so do the employees. this ensures that employers that hibitually rely on these services pay their share for creating shitty seasonal bitch jobs. (calling the jobs bitches, not the workers. stay with me here)  Ok, so we have all of this in place and the system works, so thats the big deal? Glad you asked. the big deal is that the system is designed for catastrophic fallback, not prolonged abuse. we all know someone who has worked a cash job when they weren't supposed to. because they were on unemployment or some other situation where they had to hide it. the reasons for this very, and are up for debate. there is also a case by case element but lets just say scamming to get by is both in human nature and sometimes needed.... Where was I...  to be honest im not sure but my point boils down to this. the "i pay for it so i should use it" mentality is bad and toxic. use it if you need it but remember the system is designed to get you back on your feet and annoy the hell out of you till you get back to work.
0	I once saved one of my straight pals from one of these idiots at a bar. He was being told that he was gay and all, so I decide to come up to them look the stranger in the eyes and say "sure he is gay.', then kiss my friend and continue "he is my boyfriend and he is done talking with you."  It worked and I was thanked, but also told to give a warning next time.
1	The screen cap just looks like they had a feeder.... The title says hackers  so maybe a hacking feeder....
1	There is something I have dubbed, "The Support paradox" You see, in some situations the rage at a support can make a loop, example:   A team is pushed into their base, because there's no wards outside the base is the reason they can't leave, even though there WAS but they expired in this long ass siege, so its the supports fault that cait wanted that longsword when they had five people on an the inhib tower   Or:   "Support go ward">support goes to ward and dies>"omg wow no solo reported"> goes solo and dies> "omg wow no wards gg reported"> "go ward"
0	The assumption everyone seems to be making though is that if the house isn't  perfect  when the other person gets home then the stay at home spouse must not have done  anything  all day. When in reality I can pick up toys and wipe tables and floors all day but if my wife gets home while I'm bathing the kids but before I can clean the kitchen from dinner then her (and many redditors,apparently) assumption is that I haven't done anything. It's like seeing a picture of yourself when you were making a weird face, or gesture, if you based your whole opinion of what you looked like from that single picture you would conclude you were ugly or awkward or whatever...but you aren't ALWAYS making a weird gesture or facial expression so the reality is very different.
1	I won't even bother replying more than yes, I'm well over 17 and yes I've applied to big companies, I've worked for companies that make profit, no matter are they "big" or not (I'm not sure about what you mean by a big company, a company that makes a lot of profit or a company that has thousands of employees?). They have no rights to request you to tell your whole lifestory.
0	Obligatory: Obvious troll is obvious.   But, and I feel weird admitting to this, I'll bite.  Let's get into this, shall we?  Let's start with your conclusion:   "...traditional gender roles were not made to 'oppress women'"   Alright.  Got that out of the way.  Any evidence to back that up?   "...rather the most effective way for society to divide labor/tasks."   So OP's belief is that, given our society's evolutionary arc, certain tasks were delegated to specific genders as a means to the tasks being completed most "effectively".  Fair enough.  I can get down with that.   Wait, haha, hold on.  My bad.  That's utter and complete bullshit.  I Googled literally one thing and this is what came up.  The fifth sentence from the article:   "We must reject other attributes said to be naturally feminine, like the ability to care for babies, change their nappies, nurse them when they are sick, oversee their development and education etc. These things, men are just as capable or performing."   A little further down in the passage:   "...evidence suggests that it was women who were the early agriculturists, not only, making vessels for gathering surplus food but also cultivating crops by means of early tools, such as digging sticks and hoes. At this stage, hunting for meat was a peripheral activity, which only men could afford to experiment in, women being involved in the day-to-day feeding of herself, her milk- producing capacities and her young children."   And the section ends with this glorious little piece of shut your mouth:   "It would seem that men did not become more rich and powerful because of their superior strength, but because they were not tied by the hour-to-hour work of providing for the foetus and young children, and were indeed supported by women. This freed them for other things."   Keep in mind, the author is talking about the very basis of sexism and oppression.  Meaning his time frame is over several thousands of years ago, when we were still hunters/gathers.  (Lots of time has passed since then.  Women could only vote 90 years ago, because clearly suffrage would've been an improper "division of labor"!)   This article, and I'm sure there are many, many more, states that the reason oppression began was because men were actually USELESS back in the day.  All they did was impregnate the women and hang out.  It allowed them free time to go figure out this whole (patently unnecessary) "hunting" and "pillaging" and "ruling" thing.  Once they achieved power (because come on, I'm not saying that men weren't always PHYSICALLY bigger than women) they realized that, "Hey, this shit is pretty cool."  Thus: oppression.  The article continues to cover reproductive right control, witch hunts, labor (employment) control, and so on.   It's conclusion is simple: "The basis of womens oppression lies in her vulnerability during pregnancy and childbirth."  Since during pregnancy and childbirth there is a good two-to-three months that the woman is extremely vulnerable.  That essentially "useless" (in today's capitalistic economy) time gap allows(ed) men to develop careers, discover things, and think about other shit.  (Reminder: Women could and can do all that influential stuff too!  Men just never have another human growing inside them to worry about.  Or the continued existence of our species to be responsible for.)   The article goes on to point out a huge contradiction between capitalism and the idea of the "necessary next generation of workforce".  We need new workers from both genders every generation, but women are the only gender with the responsibility to produce those workers.   I digress.   Point being:  The exact OPPOSITE of what OP decreed is actually how "traditional gender roles" were created.  There was never a cognitive "division of labor" between the sexes due to convenience.  There have been THOUSANDS of years between back when the idea of "effective labor division" could actually mean anything and now.  The only actually reason for sexism is precisely that: sexism.  Well, sexism, fear, insecurity, and a bunch of other shit that makes me feel terrible to think about.  Introspection of modern society sucks sometimes.   Source:  (Just so no one calls me out, that was a published article back in 1990.  And also, please, OP's a huge douche.  He probably thinks PUAs are good people.)
0	My Asian GF had a literal twin from behind devil best friend, she loved to give me hard time any way she could. Imagine her delight when i walked up to her and grabbed her waste from behind only to find out she wasn't my girlfriend. Walk of shame burns brothers.
0	That's because you're trying to justify it, and thinking about it and stating it so that it sounds justifiable. Think about it from the man's perspective.   Let's call them Adam and Jane. Adam and Jane graduate top of their class, and get high paying jobs. They marry, and Jane decides she would rather stay home and look after the kids, while Adam has to go out and work. Adam works 10+ hour days (because living on a single income with now two kids isn't easy!), and pulls out all the stops to provide for his family. All this works pays off, and he climbs the career ladder and makes partner, with a substantial income. He gives up going to school prizegivings, going on school camps, driving his kids to school each morning, picking them up in the evening, meeting their friends or their friends parents, to provide for his family. He undergoes extreme stress in working these long hours. In the meantime, the kids are old enough to go to school, and Jane still doesn't work. 10 years later, the kids are 15 and 17, and yet she still stays at home all day.   Adam and Jane decide they no longer want to be together, so they divorce. Jane then claims she gave everything up so that Adam could pursue his career, so she should get the benefits of it.   If I were Adam, I would counter with "I gave up my family to provide for my family, so that you didn't have to work. AT LEAST since they've been at school you've had the opportunity to work. You haven't had kids under 5 to look after for 12 years, and there's no reason you couldn't have got a job if you'd wanted to."
1	Before things get out of hand...   I watched the entire video Travis did with Apollo. Nearing the end of the video, Travis poses the question regarding NA ADC rankings.   To preface his response, Apollo references his time on Team Coast and how he thought (before) that he was a really good ADC. But he says that he made the mistake of emphasizing too much on mechanics as opposed to how an ADC can communicate and work well with their team.   Then Apollo states that he thinks how an ADC works and communicates with his team has to be the top priority when considering an ADC.
1	Depends on how you play him. Can't build him squishy and run into teamfights; he'll do fucking terrible. That isn't a matter of him  scaling  badly, though; if anything, he  scales  well. He just performs poorly in teamfights on account of being so squishy.   There's three ways you can play shaco; you can mix them up a bit to suit your purpose, since often two will be applicable, one won't. If you build him right and play him appropriately, he'll be godly in lategame.   Problem is, most people build him as a squishy burst champion, and just run into teamfights.. which is an awful thing to do, yeah.     Burst. Can be good at splitpushing; items like Hydra, Statikk Shiv, Infinity Edge, and Trinity Force, are all good for this. Hydra/SS give burst (Active on hydra, passive on SS) and good clearing power for splitpushing. Infinity Edge is nice for bust in 1v1s/fights. Trinity force nice if you want to be a bit tankier. Last whisper or youmuu's, for high damage when starting a fight, or good arpen/ad for your decieve.     AS. Good at splitpushing, good at taking baron/dragon fast, good against tanky enemies. Stuff like BotRK, SS, Wit's End, Trinity Force. BotRK active is nice burst too, and obv. good for objectives. SS good clearing for splitpushing. Wit's end nice for MR. Trinity force for a bit of tankiness/burst. Nice for 1v1ing tanky DPS champs, or killing high-HP "priority targets" (Think stuff like pantheon, darius, perhaps lee sin and jax.. that sort of thing). Youmuu's/black cleaver are both nice; extra AS for 1v1s, or your clone can help stack up BC.     Build him tanky DPS. Trinity force or frozen mallet, black cleaver, get in there and be able to kill something  without dying . Useful for teamfights.       Note that I would only recommend youmuu's for early game, and would recommend selling it later.   Naturally you have a lot of things that cross over between these. AS, in particular, has items that either offer burst or survivability, or both. I might see that I can't splitpush much this game, while enemy team is squishy; I can go for a hydra, infinity edge, trinity force! Oh, enemy team is tanky, and I can't splitpush? BotRK, trinity force, wit's end. Oh, I think this team is perfect for splitpushing against, but don't know what I'll be up against over there? I'll take a statikk shiv, hydra or botrk, probably an early youmuu's, maybe a trinity force.. I've got time to decide if I want to sort out an IE or wit's end.
1	Hold on. You admit she has a debuff but seem to believe to be a dedicated support you need to buff and ally? Are you trying to say the only true supports are those with heals or shields?   Im afraid your wrong, a support is a champion who usually has some form of cc who is able to do without much gold or items. That is the one characteristic all supports have. There are many different types of supports and all provide some form of utility that is often not found on other kits with out a serious gold need to be effective. Sustain, shields and general cc/utility is often normal. Supports like leona, blitz, thresh, zyra, even other unorthadox picks such as vbear, and lb offer some form of utility while needing little gold. Leona offers her cc lock ups that are good at all lvls in a game no matter how much gold you have- thats why people play her support bc she is able to provide that utility starting at lvl2. Zyra on the other hand is played support bc of her high dmg outputs without items- on top of her high utility kit. Unorthadox picks like lb or vbear are picked for burst and innate tankiness/cc respectively. The last three are champions to be nit picky about because they are played else where. Leona on the other hand doesnt really have other roles she can fill effectively.
0	Actually, the lift provided by the shoe puts the calf int o flex, making it more shapely, and provides a lift to the buttocks, a more... evolutionary, sexual preference.
1	This is nothing close to a "cheat."  It's a convenient way to keep track of the timers on ults and summoners without the need to play a game of mental math in the middle of a hectic game.  It's just damned annoying that the game doesn't keep track of simple things like this automatically.  It doesn't make you better or worse, it just makes accessing information you already have that much easier.  It should allow for more interesting play AND add consistency to the game (something riot has a hardon for).
1	There is counter play to his ultimate, it is just that it depends on the pick/ban phase more than anything. As long as you are mobile, Olaf can do nothing to you. Caitlyn, Ezreal, Tristana can all just jump out of the way. Plus J4 and Anivia can just block him off. All he is able to do is run at you, he has no way to deal with mobile characters. That was one reason they gave for his nerf, but really it was a change based on the context of the game.   At the point of the nerf, the meta was to have a 2 v 1 lane, which Olaf was pretty good at if you gave him a first blue buff. They have since buffed towers to dissuade teams from 2v1ing and increased the jungler's dependence on his first buffs, so that is a nerf to him.   Additionally, at this point health was retardedly inexpensive, which compounded with the resistances from his ultimate and the way his W scales made him much stronger than other tanks at that point. Since then they have increased the cost of health items and made it more difficult to stack early on. Another contextual nerf to Olaf.   Finally, with the transition to season 3, there was a large nerf to AD items across the board. I can't remember the full list, but most of the items an ADC would build were worse, which made it more difficult to deal with the health stacking meta, especially as BotRK was pretty terrible at that point. Since then there have been some minor readjustments, and more importantly, the rework of BotRK, which not only shreds him when he builds straight health, but also gives the AD a massive MS buff if he ever gets close enough, making kiting far easier. Another nerf to Olaf.   Additionally, I don't remember a time when Olaf had above a 48& win rate in solo queue. Obviously this doesn't mean he wasn't strong as he dominated competitive play at the time. What it does mean though is that he was a champion that fit into the strategies used by the competitive teams at the time, such as 2v1 lanes. In average hands he was quite average.   However, their kneejerk nerf to him brought him down to a level of unplayability. I have seen more Heimerdingers, both in competitive play and soloqueue, since that point because he is beyond terrible at this point, and yet he still has his problematic ultimate.   So overall, if they were to revert him to how he was before the nerf, he would still be a decent champion. Not a must pick/ban champ as it is now harder to get him to his unkillable stage, but someone that could fit into a specific strategy. Instead they are completely reworking, and in my opinion destroying, what was enjoyable about the champion. All the tradeoffs you listed would have made him balanced at the time, but he CAN'T effectively stack health any more, he can't survive long enough to stay around and auto attack a target to get a low cooldown on his E, and he can't afford to run up and chunk people down in lane.   This iteration of changes takes him from being an offtank that dives their carry and forces a team reaction to a would be assassin without the means to just jump on the enemy, and without the defensive power to just brute force through them. Essentially he will just have to stand around and hope that someone important on the enemy team messes up and gets out of position. No matter what they do to his numbers he will have no true a team comp, only ever used as a snowbally melee carry in elos low enough to draw a Fiora ban, unless they buff his numbers up too much, in which case it doesn't matter what his abilities are, he will just be OP because of them.   This kind of turned into an essay, but it is really frustrating to see them destroy what made Olaf unique and enjoyable to play. I used him as my main in season 2 and the early stages of season 3, and I really miss being able to play my viking. I'm worried that these changes will stop him from ever being worth playing again.
0	Of course it doesn't. There's undisciplined soldiers, motherfuckers, and all sorts of scumbags in the service.   But a real opinion that wouldn't fly on reddit is that reddit is so clouded by anti-authority members that anything that says something bad about the military, the government, or law enforcement is going to skyrocket to the front on the basis of nothing more than "yeah, fuck the government and everyone who works for them".
1	People crying about the price are likely not aware of/do not care about the meta. If they cared that much they would just suck it up and buy the pages with IP or RP.   I have found alot of people use the lack of runepages in order to avoid playing a character/role they dont like.   "I cant support I dont have runes for it now u have to."   I highly doubt that if they were given another runepage it would go to having support runes in it. They would likely find another argument like that they didnt put support runes in it. Or, even more likely, they would just ignore the near requirement of support altogether and troll.
0	Right, reddit proficiency test.  Okay I haven't read the comment section yet but I'm going to guess everything without looking.  Somebody reply and tell me if I am right.   Firstly there will be several different threads with one sided arguments frim Europeans and British commonwealth people talking about not just how Americans spell things wrong, but that they do everything wrong.  Mostly centered on temperature scales, pronunciation, education, health care, and treatment of foreigners.  The arguments for this are going to be based on strength in numbers, historical proof, practicality, and general dislike for all things American.  Of these arguments only historical proof will be counter-argued effectively and some people may exclaim that they learned something today.  Commonwealth countries will be rarely begin any argument, they'll generally follow a british person.  Though they will begin several threads by explaining that their country does various things "correct" as well.  I have very little doubt that the most common of these comments will be Canadians who will simultaniously distance themselves from their southern neighbors to the south.  The arguments will have a few Americans in them as well but they will either profess their dislike of America on this and broader subjects, or will attempt to claim that the primary problems stem from the south or republicans. God am I forgetting anything.  Oh right, there will be a few threads about politics within America sucking ass or just jabs at fox news.  Some british people will jokenly claim that they will one day reinstate the british empire to correct the various problems within their "colonies", but this will only be a half joke and they will feel a momnet of lacking in national pride at the thought of their past and distant glory.  It goes without saying that circle-jerking will be the primary form of the threads and very few actual progressive discussions will occur, this is reddit after all.  hopefully I've been here enough to be fairly correct with mu predictions otherwise my last few years on reddit will feel like a big waste.
1	All you have to do is not look at your team or enemy team when soloqueing. Just look at what you're doing, you can always do something better.   Blame everything to yourself and look for mistakes that you do everygame or all the time. When you notice your own mistakes, you can improve yourself and you'll be better as a player.   It's all about the mindest, don't play the game to win/gain elo. Play to improve.   In Short,
0	Agreed.   But, I don't think its necessary to blame yourself for something you have no control over. You are biologically programmed to scan for compatible sexual partners for evolutionary purposes. It just so happens that the more attractive a female is, the more likely it is that she will be viewed as a more 'compatible' partner (attractiveness is usually a sign of good health). Now, if you do have attractive female friends, then guess what? Your brain will automatically attempt to inform you that they viable candidates for love-making (baby-making). It does so by locking your eyes onto the visible female body part that would most likely attract your attention - in most cases, boobs. Knowing this, don't fight your desire, but make sure not to stare or be weird about it.
1	Sona and Lulu are your best bets at low ELOs for supports in my opinion. They harass very well, and they let you save people who position poorly. Vi is an awesome jungler who fits into a lot of team comps.   I think you are doing the anchor technique wrong. Its not necessarily picking the best player. Its getting the champion that will snowball the game hardest fed, even if that is you. Often all that is needed is a single kill, and then you focus on every other lane. Vi, because of how her W works and how well she scales with levels, can build mostly tank and still be a threat.   This is from my personal experience in Silver and Gold in S2, but your own team often does not understand how to allow you to split push effectively. They will not push when people go to kill you. I'd recommend picking up Renekton or Jax or a top lane that team fights very well. Yorick cannot really carry on his own.
1	Oh, not at all! Rather, he was seeing a lot of play recently, and is  extremely  hard to shove out of lane after his first few levels; his stustain is what makes him extremely strong after most lane sustain has been nerfed somewhat. Most top lane champions who used to get an early Vamp Sceptre no longer get it nearly as often. Excess sustain is why Rengar got hit as well.   All of that combined - mostly the attention - causes Riot to look at champions and say "Why is this champion popular? Is (s)he too strong? Too weak? How? Why? Should we do something about it?"   Usually, we see this most prominently with champions who receive  too much  attention, especially when people finally learn how to play champions. This is most prominently shown with release Irelia and Orianna. People believed these champions to be trash. Now, especially with Irelia, they're getting tweaked constantly. These are most often in the form of nerfs, which hardly impact the champion much, in Irelia's case, since it's her whole kit that makes her so damn strong. The Season Three items essentially fixed that, though it may have been a  wee bit  too much.   Now, with Cho'Gath, it's a different story! And here is where the awesome kicks in. For a very long time, Hotshot was just about the only Cho'Gath player in the competitive scene worldwide; And anybody else who played him was severely below his level. Just because Hotshot's playstyle meshes with the champion so well. Hotshot is patient, and works slowly and methodically in lane and teamfights. This is why I  still  think Hotshot is among the best - if not,  the  best - Cho'Gath in the world. It's best summed up by a conversation between Saintvicious and Doublelift (Sadly, "Confirmed on Saint's stream; how droll) right around when Liftlift joined CLG:   "Have you ever seen any Cho play as good as Hotshot?"   "Soaz kinda, I guess. Malunoo."   "No, they suck. Did they win tournaments with Cho? Did they even win any games or single engagements  because  of Cho?"   "I'd have to go check-"   "Nah, mang. Don't check replays. They ain't as good as Hotshot. Have you seen the Ruptures Hotshot lands? He holds that shit until he knows he can either get a major pickoff or hit more than one person. Just that  threat  of his godlike ruptures means he can walk at the entire enemy team and scare the shit out of him."   I'll let you guess who's who there.   Essentially, Cho'Gath's kit is also what makes him awesome! Though, it takes a lot more patience than most other champions. You can be quick and rash and aggressive with Cho, but you have potentially the  highest  gain out of  almost  any other champion by just threatening to even land a good Feral Scream, let alone a Rupture that could land onto multiple people. What makes Cho'Gath so amazing is that he's the beefiest, largest, most thick moving wall in the game. He's capable of single-handedly zoning entire teams away from an area or a choke point, granted he's in position first. He's the one champion that synergizes the most with map control - sans those with global potential of course - and  that  is just part of what makes him so threatening.   Singed, Nunu, Blitzcrank and Leona also do this very well  by themselves . Outside of that, Karthus, Anivia, Orianna and Lulu, as well as potentially Nami can do this with varying levels of team support, though they cannot do this  with their bodies . They effectively turn choke points into death traps. Anivia can do this by herself, Karthus needs light team support, and Orianna, Lulu and Nami require follow-up.   Of course, there are many other champions that can do this as well, such as Nasus and Trundle and even Rumble and Irelia, etc etc...But they threaten with high damage on the side along with team support. It's not often you get a champion that can wade through the enemy team for ten full seconds, but Cho'Gath is one of them.   If you're skilled with Cho'Gath, it is entirely your skill. You land one rupture on more than one person, and  you  won that teamfight for your team. Be it peeling or diving. Whereas Irelia needs a lot more conditions bent around killing the opposing carry in order to  come out looking good  in a teamfight.   ...Take all of this with a grain of salt and assuming  relatively  equal gold between two teams.
1	even psychiatrists, which I think are the most highly valued to esports organizations- aren't common in e-sports.   It's a risky investment given how expensive that would be relative to amount of money in esports.   You can probably get an all-star lineup for the price of a fulltime psychiatrist.  So for teams, its not a matter of do they think it would help the team, but more a matter of:  do I want to sign Rekkles or book for 15 psychiatric sessions team, that may or may not improve my teams performance
0	Saying liberals are the reason /r/politics is shitty isn't gonna solve anything and doesn't make you any better than the idiots over there posting/upvoting bad links.  What /r/politics subscribers need to do is stop voting links up/down based on conservative/liberal.  Right now a lot of them are down voting good, insightful links because they're conservative and up voting lying, manipulative links just because they're liberal.  Stuff like the Chick-Fil-A bullshit you see on Reddit a lot today, just a giant lie.
0	Try using "LastPass". Its a Service wich works like a kind of Password-Safe (like PassKey) but - because its a PlugIn for your Browser - it Autofills every Website you have an Account (and Password) saved in it. It recognizes new Accounts you try to make at new Websites and saves them and it can be used to simply create safe Passwords. Give it a try!
0	He's doing more than any other MILLION people will do, or can do. He's been so generous with his money that it's too bad he (OK, Microsoft, but still) had to waste so much on an army of lawyers back when they were targeted by good ol' Uncle Sam.
1	You can set it as primary.... Right click on your homescreen, go to screen resolution, click on the other monitor and check the box that says, "This is my main display." IF that doesn't work. Shut down your computer and unplug both VGA or DVI connectors from the back of your PC. Plug the second one that you want to play League on in first which will make it your primary monitor.
0	I think its hilarious that the internet is concerned not with the potential necessity of protest and possibly revolt but instead with who said the words superimposed over a picture of Benjamin franklin.
1	You'd think so, but there is quite the common theme amongst the champions that is getting not only annoying but is entirely uncreative.   Look at the last few champions released and what do a majority of them have in common?  Partial to most of their story isn't even built around them.  It's based on some MIA element.  Yasuo's brother, Lucian's wife(though, this was more so a product of reddit speculation than anything), Jinx's sister, Aatrox's Darkin, Lissandra's Frozen Watchers, Quinn's brother, Vi's sister, and Zed's box.   They either don't spend time on their lore past the point where it gives reason for a champion, or they're not giving it to us for some reason.  Most of the champions don't even pass the "describe their background to a friend" test.  Explain Zed to someone?  "He's a ninja that go kicked out of ninja school and then came back to ninja school and was going to destroy this box where he got his powers but the box did something and then Zed killed his master."  Explain Diana to someone?  "Diana was a member of the Solari that wanted to prove that the moon was just as strong of a power-at-be as the sun.  When she found her armor and blade in Mount Targon, she returned to the Solari elders to show them the fruits of her research where she was labeled a heretic and condemned to death.  She then broke her binds using the power of the moon and killed everyone."  There's a huge difference when plot essential subjects in the character's background are actually described.   One not listed here that I've had a problem with ever since I first played this game was Janna.  Have you read her lore?  It's like the dream of a 3rd grade girl.  It's literally, Janna was a street urchin, met some mysterious dude, and became the strongest wind bender in the world over night.  It's infuriating.   All-in-all, I guess my point is that these flashy graphics and videos mean shit when they don't support a complete story.
0	I am a huge GOT fan. So lemme explain. The problem with the show is characters...in that there are too damn many of them.   I watched the first episode three to four times simply to get my flatmate off my back (he is batshit crazy sorta fan and had read the books). I just couldn't catch the whole craze scene going on. I was beginning to understand what the show was about but still couldn't relate to the characters.   So one evening, after one too many beers had been consumed, he started off on a half hour soliloqui of all the various Houses and a brief overview of the main characters. I saw the first episode again, then the second and then the last season. I stopped watching since i started reading the books.   There are plot differences between the show and the books, but in MHO it doesnt matter if you read first or watch first.
0	Crazy people will find their ways around this logic.   Once, when I was 18 years old, I dated a bat-shit-crazy girl from my high-school. We were on the way back from an amusement park with my friend and his girlfriend in the backseat. Nearly home at this point and doing the speed limit (45 MPH), a car begins passing us in the lane to our left, to which my then-girlfriend states "Oh my gosh, that car was going so fast!" I replied that it couldn't have been going any faster than ~50 MPH since it was a slow, gradual passing of our car. Her response: "No, Justin. The car passed us, so it  must  have been accelerating".   I, in disbelief, asked her to repeat what she had just said. Again, she claims that the car could not have been able to pass by ours had it not been accelerating.   Over the next 10 minutes, my best friend and I did all we could to help her realize that a car going 50MPH will pass a car at 45MPH, and that this is a problem of velocity, not acceleration. We even tried using a common, 3rd-grade-level word problem along the lines of 'Car A goes 20MPH for one hour, while Car B goes 10MPH for one hour; which car will travel farther?' "Well", she said, "there is not enough information to answer the question because you don't know the accelerations".   I tried explaining that neither car is accelerating because they are moving at the same speed throughout the entirety of the hour they are moving, but this simple concept continued going way over her head.  Having lost all patience at this point, I told her "What you're saying right now is stupid".
1	People don't actually believe that pro's are pro's because they have been playing for a longer period of time do they? I mean do people truly not believe that there is a skill in gaming both mentally and physically you are born with on top of the skills you can hone in on your own?   I am a basketball coach, and while I can coach you all the skills in the world and you can spend every waking moment of your entire life perfecting your shot, dribbling, passing, understanding of the court movement, defenses, offenses etc. If you are not gifted naturally with God given talent, size, speed, and just athleticism AKA being Rekkless Doublelift, Bjergson, you will not be a pro just because you put in more time into the game, you have to have natural talent, and manage your time in game properly.
1	Am I the only one that doesn't look forward to the patch, but instead the
1	I don't think people really realize what style adc Lucian is meant to be. Mobility, rotation, objective control. He works great on teams that benefit from moving through the jungle and utilizing high mobility. Think 'pick comp.'   His level 11 his ult does MASSIVE damage to dragon. Lucian and a jungler can basically drop dragon in about 15 seconds with his ult.   His ult is NOT meant to be a nuke, or a massive damage spike in teamfights. In fact, Lucian isn't that great in 5v5 team fights. I've had my best success in pick comps. If you force Lucian to fight 5v5, you really limit his damage output. His W, E and R all work great for catching someone out and gunning them down. He is also a lane bully when you utilize his passive to full potential and these mana regen buffs are really going to help him stay in lane and bully longer as well as farm up to scale in to the mid game smoother.
0	I love spending time with my girlfriend.   I also enjoy my personal time alone. Sometimes the two happen at the same time, other times I have to kick her out so she gets girl time and I get me time.
0	My friend gave me this advice and it works like a charm. Those douche bag guys get the girl not because girls love douches but because douche bags think they are they are the greatest thing to walk the planet earth and girls like confidence.  Now I'm not saying go around and act all douchey to everyone, but instead of being all mopey about getting shut down you just need to realize she didn't recognize the greatness that is you.  Additionally, if a girl serves up a bullshit excuse, call her out on it and you'll be able to get away with your self respect. I got the girl I'm seeing right now as a result of this. I flirted with her all night at a party and she made me put my number in her phone only to have her friend tell me she has a boyfriend. I walked up to her and said, "You have a boyfriend. I'm not gunna be that guy. You have my number, if you're single you can contact me otherwise, don't bother." and I walked away. Two days later I get a text and it's been going great.
1	i got went from silver 5 to gold 1 playing smite teleport jungle ad master yi.   i just ignored my team and took 8 towers and 2 inhibitors everygame   everybody on both teams hated me lol.  that rage is what eventually led me to quit playing yi
1	Something I noticed is that lots of people are saying it looks cluttered. Yeah, a bit, but here's what I'm thinking. The current client only takes up like 75% of your screen. Maybe just rework it so that it is maximized window size? This way it looks better and stuff is less cluttered. thanks for reading
1	I am also 1800 and must say what you say is wrong. I was duo with my another 1800 friend and we got matched with 3 2100's one in our team, two in enemy team. He is a great support, he almost alone carried a previous game and wanted to support again. But our " star" lolking'd his account and said that he can't win with such support, he stopped trying and kept flaming him for the whole game.
1	I had two people diving me at my tower when I was at ~100 health as Tryndamere, level 5. I juked around the tower and got 1 of them killed. The kill leveled me up to 6, I ulted right as I was about to die, and I ended up killing the second one (with the help of the double kill) for the amazing juke level up.
1	Go back to the friendly Dota2 community, learn to play better. (at level 11 it's just about who has the better judgement or placement) or here's what i did and still do today.   Don't give a single fuck about what other people say. When they flame you say: Get real <playername>
0	1 for legit physics teachers!   I took 3 levels of physics classes with the same professor. Brilliant guy, but absent minded.  He'd sometimes write up notes on the bus, and then not be able to read what he wrote.  When he got to class, he would just derive all of the equations on the fly.   When I was taking my 3rd physics final (Relativity, quantum mechanics, nuclear, etc) I didn't have my "cheat sheet" that he let us bring in.  In a panic, I pulled out a sheet of paper and started to write down the equations I knew.  After a couple of minutes, I realized that I was deriving equations the same way Dr O did!  That clever bastard!
0	This happened to me once. I worked for a little telecoms company. After we were bought by Verizon, it became a horrible place to work and I hated it. After a year of suffering, I lined up new job with better money and more autonomy.   The day I was going to hand in my notice, I went in 2 hours early to get all my personal stuff off my work computer (I had a LOT of important stuff there, stupidly) and upload it to remote servers. People were walking around asking me "do you know what's going on?" and "which email did you get?"   Everyone was directed to one of two mandatory meetings, off-site or on-site. I got the on-site meeting. I finished getting all my shit removed and deleted from my machine just in time for the meeting. There were 100 people in the room, and they canned us all. They would not let us back to our desks except under escort, and we couldn't touch our computers. I got handed a $7000 severance check and other forms of assistance.   People were really devastated, and the hardest part of that day was pretending I was sad. I made it to the car and on to the road before blowing out a rebel yell that left my ears ringing all the way home.
1	Its all PBE now so nothing is final. Its all very well written down in the patchnotes and the general
1	I felt that one if the biggest reasons TSM lost was because they didn't have enough damage. The only damage they had were Turtle and Bjerg(which was behind). dig had 4/5 champs that did crazy amounts of damage.
0	I was in college and got assigned a persuasive argument essay about the Lizzy Borden case. My professor started by telling us that the case was unsolvable because there was missing evidence. During a progress meeting, she asked me how I was leaning. I said that I was planning to write the essay saying that I had no opinion because there wasn't enough information to formulate one. She retorted that this was unacceptable.   I wrote the essay saying that the burden of proof was on the accusers and not the defense and that she should have been found not guilty because of it.
1	In that case it has to give both AP and AD and only champ that i can see that favours Mixed dmg is akali whould be useless on other champs (Plz ad on kayle is useless w/o crit and in that case the ap isnt needed) Jax is Bruiser not dmg dealer
1	True.  I just wanted to get that out of my head, and writing it down turned out longer than I really expected.  People can just skip to the last paragraph, or read the
1	Knock back is CC, more specifically it's a subtype of CC that along with knock up and pull/fling belong to the Airborne type of CC. Not to mention the fact that in Riot's very own champ spotlight they mention that there are some specific abilities that pass through the wall, showing Malphite ulting through the wall. Considering that Malphite's ultimate is also a dash (non targeted) and Vi's ultimate has even stronger CC immunity than Malphite's (does not receive stuns after the ult is done and does damage+causes the CC effect even if she dies while ulting), proves that your thought process is flawed.
0	Yea I can agree with the oversexualisation of the female body.  The idea that it's a possession is also something that riles me.  Too many times in this thread have I read the 'if I went into the ghetto with $1000' analogy.  With that, you can get another $1000, or even you don't have to have $1000.  I will always have my body, and that's the only one I'll ever have.  Sure I can alter it, but it'll always be only mine and that's it.  It isn't a possession I can gift to someone - I can share it or it can be exploited with or without my consent, but that's it.   The second bit... I'm still undecided about this idea.  Sure, we can enforce things like 'boys wear blue and like guns and girls wear pink and like dolls' but I don't think we have enough scientific study to say for certain that all gender is enforced by culture/nurture.  You've heard of [David Reimer] ( ?  The
0	I think most people just don't know how to respond, which leads to them thanking you for your service.  We're programmed to revere the military; you can't see a veteran on the news, at a public event, etc. without him/her being thanked for his/her service.  Bear in mind, I'm not making a judgment here - just stating a fact.  I'm no psychologist, but I'd say many of our basic interactions are based on societal expectations re: similar social programming.   Thus, people you encounter automatically revert to the "oh I should show her that I'm thankful" reaction.  Problem is, people feel obligated to say something,  but were never taught how to respond to military wives in particular.
0	When I was young, I had pinworms. Having never masturbated before and never experiencing sperm, I thought I somehow "came" out of my asshole. I remember thinking to myself "Sorry little fuckers, but you won't be growing up." And proceeded to flush em.
1	EDIT:  I have been mostly proven wrong, so go ahead and disregard this post. Won't delete it for sake of keeping my mistakes open, but yeah; might as well save you guys the trouble of reading.   Honestly, you've said a lot of it yourself. I can't exactly call MF 'strong' right now, but in terms of actual  reasoning  behind how her abilities scale, you're telling how it is.   >W: Scales with AD however it deals magic damage   > R: Deals Physical damage but scales exclusively with AP also applies W stacks which scale with AD but deal magic damage.   You still build AD and Armor Penetration on MF; hell, one of her strongest items is the Black Cleaver. But she's a champion who is at her most powerful in the early-mid game. She's a lane bully, and the point to that is in the damage typing. While it's not as effective as say, Corki, the fact that she deals a decent amount of magic damage on top of her physical damage means that even if you build armor against her, you're still going to be dealing with her magic damage hitting against you.   To give a numbers example:   With one rank in Bullet Time, her W deals an additional 6% of her AD on her first attack  as magic damage , with each attack dealing an additional stacking 6%, up until it reaches max stacks--with that one rank in her ult, it comes to a total of 36%. So if MF has 150AD, her max stack attacks are hitting for--before armor--150 physical damage and 54 magic damage. She crits? There's a total of 429 mixed damage.   You're not wrong about her weakness right now, but you seem to be analyzing her in regards to something she's not. She's not a late game, shred the team ADC. Though the scaling on her full-hit ult is pretty huge.   To wit - 384% AD if someone's standing in it for the entire duration. Add a 1000 base damage to that, and the fact that MF tends towards buying Black Cleaver, and you're looking at a world of pain. That 365 AD MF? 2800  mixed  damage across an entire team. It's not as much DPS as someone more powerful late game, but it's really nothing to scoff at.   But you're right. She's not strong. She needs some love--but at the same time, fuck if she ain't fun to play at times.   ~Don't take anything I say as law I suck at this game but I felt like explaining things a bit.~
0	50,000 per show is sort of a bench mark in the music industry. If you can headline a national tour, you are pretty much clearing that per night. I'll try and break it down for you. Usually, a band will split it evenly between members. I would imagine Mayer, or most solo artists get half or more off tops, then it is split between the backing band. That may even be generous because most of them are 100% replaceable. I mean shit, I would play backing guitar for Mayer for like $700 a show lol. I'm not too knowledgeable on his band members, but the only I see a lot is the older guy who plays slide guitar a lot.   Take a 15,000 seat arena at say an average of ticket price of $50. That would be $750,000. Now for someone like John Mayer tickets are probably more like $60-350 and he could sell out bigger than 15,000 capacity venues as well. An average merch income is about $3/ticket sold. So what's that...another $45,000. Most contracts give a 50/50 back end as well if you sell out. So, on the low end, he is grossing $800,000 per show. Typically the artist gets about 80%...so $640,000.   Now, you have to look at the cost of a tour. It's fucking HUGE. Someone on Mayer's level probably has 10 roadies which will include loading crew, sound man, guitar tech, drum tech, lighting/pyro/stage manager. You have to house and transport these people as well as provide them a per diem. Manager get's 20%. There's 4-5 other people in his band. An accountant. Still, all said and done someone on this level easily clears $50,000 a show. In all likely hood he probably gets $100,000-200,000 in his pocket when everything is balanced. Typically, a tour has 15 shows a month for about 4 months. 60 shows on the low end of $100,000 nets him 6 million. Dude is worth 40 million. Most of a musicians income is from touring, and John Mayer really doesn't tour a whole lot...I just read he recently announced his first tour in three years. December shows are already sold out. He has five albums since his first release in 2001...You tour every album so there is five tours. Hasn't toured in 3 years, so at most he has had 9 tours, and I seriously doubt he toured every year (outside of his 3 year hiatus he is ending now). So roughly 4 million per tour would add up to his net worth. That's not even touching his cost of living, which you can bet your ass is high as fuck as it will be for any single young man who is richer than a motherfucker.   So there you have it my friend. That's an educated estimate of how much John Mayer makes. None of that shit is exact, but it will be close. I've been in, and around music my whole life. It's still impossible to say a hard number on his booking fee though. I mean shit, the dude probably buys $250 tee shirts lol.
1	RedbloodNL, XoutX and me are doing a school project, we want to make a television channel about Esports, maybe for league of legends only. It is a project about making your own company, and i came up with the idea to make a channel dedicated to e-sports, because if it works in korea, why wouldn't it work in the EU(maybe US as well)   If we could bring the stream on twitch, azubu or youtube to the television screen, it would be enough. My friends sometimes came over to my place, i linked my PC to my television via a HDMI-cable and it work smoothly enough, besides the fact that i had to move my  ** ing pc through the house.   Also, some people dont have the internet to watch the matches in 720p, and i know VOD is the future, but i'd rather watch a football match live on TV, than later, its just not the same feeling.   I want to ask you, the league of legends community(who actually are active on the forums and are not the avg. jerk), what you think of a channel for esports.   And how would you pay for something like this, we were thinking of an app, that has premium features, like the chat, exclusive interviews etc.   Thank you very much for responding, its for school, after all :P
0	Yeah, I worked as a maid at a high end resort and had these horrible guests say the same thing to me and a fellow employee. Both of us are working on masters degrees and worked there to pay the bills. Our boss was out in the hallway and told us to stop cleaning up her spilled bath water, said some curt, but truthfully things to the woman and we all left. The guest complained, but the resort values their employees so much that they asked the guests to leave. It was very rewarding,
1	figured it was worth a shot since one of the millions of players has to have been in the same boat as me at some point. If I come across a fix, I'll post the script/fix for anyone else.     Also kind of random, anyone else notice a massive FPS drop when using hdmi over dvi?? like the difference of consistent 60fps > ~30fps. no not because of dual monitors vs single monitor, solely because of HDMI instead of DVI.   Had an extra dvi to hdmi cord laying around that was long enough to fit my needs for tonight since the dvi was only 6ft and I need ~8ft so I figured this should be fine. COMPLETELY WRONG. The color pallet is wrong, and the fps sucks in game. Moved monitors into test position with 2 dvi's and it fixed everything.
1	Me as Janna support, duoing with a friend as Maokai jungle. We say in champion select that we'll be swapping, I first pick his jungle and he picks my support. But, as is always the way, a member of the team took Cho gath jungle (with smite) as well as the Maokai. There were a few words thrown around but eventually settled down and realised how strong out buff control was, 2 smites and a feast. We took all dragons before 25 minutes, but at the cost of 2 top towers, since cho had no teleport he had to walk to dragon and back. The enemy Twisted Fate was an exceptional player, I must admit, and basically caught out our team enough to push to mid inhibitor. We tried to fight back, but both Maokai and Cho'Gath built full tank, and as Support Janna our damage was lacking, enough that when TF ulted to our backline Corki and Orianna, we just couldn't kill him before he bursted down a carry. We surrendered shortly after
0	According to [this]( there is no longer any real benefit to manual transmissions, and they are typically only desired by enthusiasts who just don't want to give them up. According to [this]( they also sell poorly, leading most manufacturers to eliminate them from their lineups. If manufacturers make fewer of something, their cost per unit tends to go up. If they know collectors or enthusiasts are the people buying it, they'll jack up the price because they know they'll pay.
1	One play style means you do not adjust when the other team does something, which leads to you using an ineffective strategy and thus feeding.  On the other hand, this play style will work some of the time and help lead you to victory.  It is all about adjusting your playstyle for consistency in winning.  Of course, this only applies to one person; if the whole team doesn't adjust, then it doesn't matter if you feed or carry really well.
1	Ugh... Because I can't find your usual "Criticism here" post, I'm just gunna leave this comment here.   The idea of doing these kinds of things is honestly what I look forward too after I get past the euphoria of the original video itself. Aside from someone going a "True facts about 'A New Dawn'", I don't think these are going to get any better/worse. Not that this wasn't good, because it was, & it was well executed in a manor that keeps the audience feeling like it's ahead of the video itself, gives it a very "Hey I know what he's gunna say" feel, which keeps people interested.   As to if you should do this to other videos? Well giving you any flak, but this is a bandwagon genre you're delving into. Meaning you should run with what you can & not push it to much. Everyone's going to do one of these, & when it's over, everyone is going to hate/not like it anymore, so if you keep beating the dead horse, it's just going to stink more & nothing else. So just keep doing things as the come along, mini-series like these are good as they come, & are only special & really entertaining in small doses. If you get to much then it ends up taking away that feeling of something clever & witty.   Edit: Grats on coming so far in making
0	But can you be certain the "fucktard" wasn't ordered to do that? I have worked a security job, and the shit that you are required to do is often A) not something that will prevent anything that might happen from happening and B) what you are ordered to do from the dumb shit manager trying to get the fuck out of security by trying to plug holes that don't fucking exist.   Seriously, in all likelihood the 'fucktard' was just a guy, and his completely disconnected from reality 55 or older boss told him that umbrella guns are something he needs to be on the watch for. In such a scenario, the old man that is desperately trying to GTFO of security can use the lack of umbrella gun murders on his sheet as a successful security job that he commanded.   The 'fucktard' in all likelihood doesn't give a shit about his meaningless job requisite of getting umbrellas out of the hands of the thousands of meaningless faces that entered the gate that day, because he is just doing what is boss told him to do. Security jobs do not reward logical problem assessment, they reward lack of shit happening on your shift. If the only good situation you can experience is a lack of shit happening, your job requires being an annoying prat that plugs holes that don't exist.
0	My husband and I were pregnant (not married at the time) when we were 18.  He finished college and I graduate today.  He is also a computer scientist.  When I asked him if it was his post he replied "nope, I make 94k a year" What an adorable asshole.
0	IMO, it's a stereotype spouted by Americans who have had experiences with certain types of Canadians and it sticks with them. My ex was one of these types, obnoxious towards everything American and complained daily about some part of American life that was sub-par compared to Canadian life. Used to tell me that "when we get married, we're moving to Canada." NOPE.   But I, unlike others, have also come into contact with those that are kinder, but the difference is that they don't brag about being Canadian, so everyone assumes they're American (when they're in America). I.E. the ex's family, I would pick them over her any day. Sadly, I couldn't have my cake and eat it, too.
1	I enjoyed the ladder system in Starcraft 2, it doesn't destroy your current rank standings if you lose 1 to 3 games.   In Starcraft 2:  you win 1 game you get +20 points, if you lose you get -7 points   In League:  you win 1 game you get +20 points, if you lose you get -18   Unlike in current league, its almost a 1 to 1 ratio; if you lose 1 single game... all that hard work for that win you did before, is now worthless.   Since points are a lot more easier to obtain, the amount of points needed to reach the next rank jump too.   League:  100 points for promotion   SC2:  1500~   A lot more of a grind to reach the next division, but at least you aren't punished as hard for losing a game.
0	Sadly I think there are females who are just used to having people do things for them because they're "a cute girl."   I knew a girl who had her boyfriend fix their home network several times when it was having issues - she went to school for 4 years to become a network administrator.   More distressing is a girl I knew who could not manage to fill out her own applications to go to college and had her boyfriend at the time help her. After she got out of school she had a guy friend help her fill out job applications. I suspect this is where we get some of the incompetent workers that force us to ask ourselves "How did you manage to get a job??"
0	I'm 23, but I met one of my best friends my freshman year of college. I was a whitebread naive Scottsdale kid who, aside from living in rougher suburbs of Minneapolis as a child, grew up with blinders on. Juan was from a horrendous city somewhere in the desert between Vegas and any-fucking-where-else, but he and I quickly became best friends after we met the first week of our first semester of college. One day I walked into his dorm room, where he was cussing up a storm. I figured he was playing WoW or something and proceeded in, but he was on his phone and the conversation went something like this:   "Mom. Mom. Shut the fuck up. Mom.  Shut the fuck up, mom . Yes I fucking know that, I fucking told you that you deaf bitch. Yeah, I called you a deaf bitch, you deaf bitch. Hol- Hold on. Mom.  Shut the fuck up for a second! ", he turned to me and gave me the 'Sup' nod, as though he wasnt in the middle of a huge fight with his mom.   At about this time I was disgusted by him. So livid with rage that someone could repeatedly disrespect his mother so viciously.   and returning to "Jesus fucking christ mom, are you still talking? Yes. I did. Yes.  Shut the fuck up and listen!  Okay bitch, are you listening? Okay, I got grandma's package, yes I got yours too. Thanks for the candy and Reese's and shit. Aight, love you too. Bye".   But the way he ended that conversation, it was so nonchalant, it was almost sublime. When I finally met her, I realized that she spoke the  exact same way  to him. I spent time with him and his mom several times after all this and it actually became pretty funny to me. They weren't fighting, or maybe they were, but they werent trying to be mean or hurtful to each other, they were just... well, honestly, I've known them for 5 years now, and I can't peg them as anything. She loves her son unconditionally, she's a wonderful mother. He respects her more than anyone.
0	Hero inflation is one of many such dilutions we're slapped in the face with these days. Another one is weather inflation. The other day I saw a weather guy on CNN standing in about an inch of snow and a little flurry around him saying, "and the snow just keeps coming down - it's absolutely nuts out here." I thought, shit, ten years ago this would be less than a nuisance and nobody would even notice - we called it winter.   But then I thought, well, maybe I shouldn't go with the negative "in  my  day..." I thought, maybe it's better that people aren't out sliding their cars into each other and busting their asses just to go to work. They can work online for a day. We're all just a little safer than we used to be. Good.   So, "in  my  day" you were drafted into the service and there was nothing particularly heroic about it. But you could become a  war   hero  by doing something valiant. Still, the public wasn't as big on war heroes in Viet Nam as in WWII for a host of reasons. Well, the good side of hero inflation, now as opposed to then, is that you don't  have  to go into the military, and getting your ass blown to shit in combat is no longer the norm in our society. I hope against hope (and against human nature) that this is a small sign of global progress towards civilization. Why not hope that, at least.
0	Although mostly true this doesn't mean that you can claim 99 and put the money in a savings account until it's due.   You are correct. I'm not sure where you dug this tangent up from, but I don't remember asserting that at all. (
0	I don't care what you do within the privacy of your own mind as long as your perverse thoughts aren't leaking out into the rest of the world.
1	Who gives a fuck. People like hearing real shit not just sugar coated formalities and it is very true that TSM gets no respect from the other teams. For some reason the other teams feel entitled as the losers to talk shit because the winners should be gracious. Fuck that.   Reginald kept it real. Dignitas did get stomped and if you look at every past Lan victory they've had in the 6-7 months leading to this, this was a stomp and the easiest finals they've won. All of it real. And you care way too much about some internet persona's feelings.
1	Kinda my thoughts. I think she is in a good spot right now. All she can do is AA and that shouldn't get nerfed again. She has an Anivia level of movement and that should be a bit compensated with some extra damage. And TBH? She needs that to duel current top adc's. She needs it to compensate her lack of mobility and escapes. She's highly fragile against ganks and it's totally ok to give her the little "extra".   She has one of the slowest attackspeed from all adc's. (Her Animations are still slow but they improved it quite good I think!)   And don't forget people like Corkie do too have 10% additional dmg on their AA's and his is true dmg.
1	Top and mid usually play alone for half of the game, so utility would be a bit wasted on them; they prefer more power in 1v1/1v2/2v1/2v2 fights. Adc is adc and usually doesn't provide much utility to the team (but that's ok, they are the main dps). Supports are specialized in keeping just their adc safe, so it's usually the jungler who has to keep the enemy crowd controlled for the mid to get some good aoe damage off, the assassin to sneak around, the bruiser to unleah some aoe damage, the tank to get focused, ...   I'd say about 2/3 of the champions can survive in the jungle and gank somehow... I've jungled with stuff like heimer and leona. It's just that most picks are extremely situational, you won't do much with Heimer if your lanes can't provide the needed cc to get some turret damage off, and you won't do much with leona if your lanes can't provide the needed damage while you cc them. I haven't played against a Yasuo jungle as laner yet, but I guess his cc isn't that strong, and chasing with redbuff usually doesn't work unless the laner crazily overextended (you would get another wave of cc ready with a cc jungler then, too).   Lategame (or teamfight time), you will lack cc and lose the game. This is why I don't play my Quadkill Uebear in ranked... 1.75 sec aoe stun, 70% 2sec multitarget slow and single target knockup (flair) is much more effective/safe than relying on snowball (which I definitely get with Voli... bear too strong).
1	Apparently something that is not funny for  you  anymore is not funny for anyone at all.
1	Hecarim is strong in the meta because he functions well to his design as a fighter. He's not OP, his design just works well with how you build.   If you build tanky you'll be hard to kill, as intended. Enemies will hit you more and thanks to your E and AoE abilities you can handle the stress.   If you build damage you'll deal damage as expected. Trinity Force is good because of what it does for Auto and Auto-reset champs. Hecarim gets amazing utility for all of the items used to build it, but is still easily killable  because he didn't build tanky.  This often causes outcry because people miss the damageless farmfests of old metas but it's a lot more healthy for the game, toplaner meta more importantly.
1	I've played about 100 LB games, I'm not an amazing player so I'm not going to say that I'm totally correct, but here is what I have found to work against me as LeBlanc, and for me when playing against LeBlanc.   Leblanc relies on her W to do all the work possible. You as a laner have to take advantage of this. After she W's (unless she has her ultimate), it will have around a 9 second cooldown at level one. This window is one of the best opportunities you are going to get against this godly mid-lane burster. If you are going against a Leblanc I would recommend you buy an MR item because of the ridiculous amount of burst she has, this will make her confused when she realises that she suddenly cast burst you with a full combo.   Keep your distance is another thing I would suggest. Using champions that can get CS from a large distance away (Except for Ahri because that's when you're going to have a bad time) are usually safe from LeBlanc. Ideal champions for this are ones such as Nidalee (for the heals), and I have found that AP Ezreal can also be strong to just arcane shift away from her Distortion after she has used her Sigil of Silence. (I'm not trying to say that AP Ezreal is good, it just works okay against LB). Similar to this, if a Sigil of Silence is used on a Zed, he can shadow away easily before the distortion lands. So most champions with quick blink/dash escapes will be able to stay clear of her damage   As a further note, using champions that contain loads of CC such as Galio (also for his mana shield health thing....), Ryze, Sion and Morgana are a strong way to catch her off-guard when she has distortion'ed towards you.   Lastly I just want to touch on the one champion that LeBlanc (along with almost every champ) will not be able to deal with. Lulu is a really good pick against LB. If you know how to use your shield defensively, most of her damage early will be negated and she won't do as much damage. Along with this, if you can land an E, Q combo onto her as well, you will find that you are almost doing more damage to her than she is to you; and all of this is without even mentioning the ultimate that Lulu can bring from nowhere to negate a burst champion's damage.
1	Throwing this right back at you   >Being a good team player begins at champion select.  Be open minded when considering the needs of your team.  If youre the last one to pick, try to fill a niche in your team that hasnt already been filled. If everyones picked and something stands out as a deficiency in your team composition,  try asking for another player to fill the gap,  or change roles to embrace that responsibility yourself. Remember, that by taking on a role you dont normally play, youll learn more about unfamiliar champions and increase your own skill level.   Now you have to realize, that saying "mid" is telling your team you want and usually know how to play this role. If you go "i'm first pick, you're 5th pick, you're supposed to be support, not mid" you're just a dick.
1	Hey guys, another post saying Bronze is utter trash and how gold is heaven!   Also, as a Bronze 3 player, I'd like to say that OP's oppinion on Bronze, I can't confirm for the rest, is slightly biased.   He pictures most of the bronze players as the "Stereotypical Baddie". Not everyone in Bronze is like that. Like in every tier, there are more and less talented player. The "Worse" one is often considered as the majority since we hear them more. There are players in bronze who do not have horrible mechanics and objective prioritization like you say everyone there is. Most of the time, when a team loses, it's because the team won't act like one, and the team will not try to support the weak link.   Yes, there are vision and CS problems and other mechanics that are less developped, OP is right on that  point, but some are just irrelevant. As for an example, builds. Not everyone has poor/horrible building skills. Most players don't, actually. It's only because players see it once that they assume everyone in bronze is horrible.   The godlike champions are, indeed, often picked or banned, but that is for a simple reason. Players can't deal with them, and have no way to know what are the ennemies best champions. Thus, they just go with what they can't handle, which are the "Godlike Champions". While you cannot, in other leagues, know your enniemies strong picks, you know how to handle these champs, and thus, ban who you do not want to have the trouble to deal with. If there is a problem with Bronze, it mostly is that players cannot handle Fight-Changing/Heavy-CC champions, such as Amumu, Blitz, Shen, Malphite and, to a lesser extent, Thresh.   PS: I am not saying that I am an amazing Bronzie that is out of the leage or something, because I do know that, if I'm in bronze, it is for a reasone. I do realize that my mechanics are bad, and well, yes, I cannot handle the "Godly Champs". My point is just that, even with what OP says, Bronze is NOT filled with horrible flamers. Actually, they usually consist a fifth of the team. The fact that they are there and yelling just makes it more notcieable. And well, for those tha complain that their teams suck and everything, Mathematically wise, the ennemy has more chances of having shitty player than your team. In fact, you matched teammates represent 44% of the game, excluding you, while the ennemy team is at 56%, and thus, have a greater possibility of having the weak link. If anything, you should win more games because of weaklings than you should loose... UNLESS YOU ARE THE WEAKLING.
1	I just want to discuss this on the nerfs as a whole. When they are used the way they should be a.k.a. plat+ rank they take over. There win rate may be low because most people are in bronze/silver and dont know what they need to do to actually make it work. So the win/loss is highly skewed.
1	So basically why I think ziggs is so strong is his scaling throughout the game as well as his utility. Ziggs has 4 damage spells all with insane range from 850 all the way to 5300. His waveclear is extremely efficient and safe with his Bouncing Bomb (Q) having up to a 1.6 second cooldown with 40% cdr and his Hexplosive Minefield with up to a 6.4 second cooldown with 40% cdr. He provides high burst, high waveclear, and high poke damage with extremely powerful and safe siege. If you look at why Kha'zix and Jayce were nerfed they had insane and SAFE poke damage with no counterplay and strong disengage with their leap and accel gate respectively. With ziggs you can see the same traits in his kit with his poke, waveclear, and clean up with no weaknesses.
0	What I'm gathering here is that most Canadians who visit the US probably visit the northeast because it is close to many major Canadian cities (Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa) and shouldn't be surprised to run into rude people. People in the NE are notoriously rude. The simple solution is to stop visiting the NE and visit the south, Midwest, and west. We may not have the Statue of Liberty or the Brooklyn Bridge, but we are courteous and polite. If you give a "sorry" if you bump into someone, you will get a " that's ok," or "you're fine" back.
0	fusion power would completely and utterly revolutionise how our entire world works. it's as simple as:     get water   get hydrogen from water   fuse hydrogen   put heat through already existing turbines   POWER!   Repeat from step 1     It is almost infite free energy, that would massively overpower everything. Paying too much for heating? nope, cause in theory fusion power would just keep running, so net profit!
0	Before this gets any further, because I know there will be some reading this thread:   To all teenagers:  a lot of people here are talking about how the pull out method  can  be effective.  These stats are for experienced adults: women who know their cycle well and men who have the self control to always pull out.  Results will likely not be as stellar for you.   As a guy: teenage girls are often still learning about their bodies and when they can/can not get pregnant.  Aside from that, women who have just started menstruating can take some time to develop a regular cycle; she may be wrong even if she is tracking it properly.   As a girl: do you really trust him to pull out every time?  Not to slag on all teenage boys, but they don't have the best self control and their hormones are going to be telling them to keep on trucking, if you get my meaning.
0	Well, that guard are close to useless.   Why, because guards are/was mainly used in two ways.     To provide defense against an opponents blade going down over the hilt and fuck up your hand. The enemy blade will, close to always, be led down to the guard by the blade, to make the impact be in the cross section. This is to be able to keep control of your sword. The problem with this is that the lightsaber design, as on the picture, will not prevent this. Why, because the light blade starts a bit out from the cross section. This means if you will try and catch and block a blow with the guard, you will destroy your lightsaber and your hand.     To be used and a piecing weapon as a warhammer alternative. Typical swords with a large pointy guard with be mainly used to slashing and thrusting. Problem being that with a long blade, you wouldn't  always be able to thrust against a heavily armored opponent in close quarters. Therefore you would grab you sword by the blade and use it as a warhammer, with the guard as a piecing pike. This way you would have a weapon there would be able to piece much, if not all, heavy armor.       The guard shown in the trailer won't be able to serve any of those functions. So we can only assume the reasons it is there was because someone stupid agreed that it would look cool, even it only would be a liability for the wielder.
0	The way I see it,  You can be super proud of the country you originated from's culture, but not your actual race.  Since most black people living in first world countries have no idea what country they originated due to generations of being recorded as not people, but as possessions.  They don't have any ancient heritage to be proud of, because they don't know any; what they do have is a rich cultural history directly related to a past slavery and ongoing impoverishment (soul food, rap music).  Since that culture isn't directly related to any one African country in particular, their skin color is the only thing that ties it together.   Now just like a French man could sit down and enjoy a burrito, or a Chinese man enjoy some Mozart, you, regardless of your skin color, can eat delicious cornbread and listen to all your favorite hip-hop jams.  Black is very much so a culture, but cultures are for the enrichment of everybody.  If it weren't for diversity, restaurants would be shit.
0	Exactly. It's not like the government is going to take the time to invade each and every citizen's privacy without a need. That would be a waste of time and resources. Nor do I think they care enough about every individual to look at your personal business. The only people who, in reality, should have a problem with it is the people who are actually doing things that they don't want the government knowing. If you think of the United States as a tribe, then you would also realize that the people who lead that tribe should know what's going on to an extent and, say there is a problem internally, they should, technically, be able to know and deal with it accordingly. No government official with the security clearance to look at the information stored in PRISM could care less about your weird porn fetishes. They have better things to do. For example, dealing with cyber warfare is already a problem. People shouldn't really be freaking out about a "breach in privacy" because how long has Big Brother been a concept? We already live in a society breached by technology and databases which are easily accessible to those that want it bad enough. Do you not already live your life with that notion in the back of your mind in some degree? Take Anonymous or the Chinese government as an example. If they can hack locked up government websites on a global scale, then they are already, in essence, more "invasive" than the US government is anyway. I'm not demonizing anyone, nor am I supporting the idea of PRISM. I hope that I didn't come off that way either.
1	What I just read is ridiculous... I think you forgot that the moment you pick Lucian you sacrifice having a long range ad carry. Lucian no longer can E away and cleanse slows and he can't just spam E, only probably being able to get 1 more within a rotation in a teamfight unless you stomp it. If you go ghostblade or cdr boots you sacrifice teamfighting damage for mobility and even if you do go ie/shiv other adcs are much stronger with their 2 item core (corki tri,bt/botrk) (kog tri,botrk) (vayne botrk, shiv). I don't think you realise Lucian does now have a specialised role in terms of adcs and it's a highly mobile short range skirmisher. With the repeated nerfs aswell, he is outclassed by Corki and Twitch in every aspect EXCEPT mobility which is not even a huge disadvantage in high level play unless you are vsing a comp that punishes low mobility champions but you could still probably get away with it if you play, micro and teamfight well. Lucian doesn't even have the ability to win most lanes if played at the best. Lucians only strong points are relatively strong laning, crit burst and mobility.
0	If he's talking about Robin Williams,(which undoubtedly OP is...) people "Idolize" him because he was a fantastic man who was battling depression, which most people didn't even know about ( Nobody I know at the least.) and know that he's gone, people miss him.
1	If a game can be won or lost in pick/ban phase I don't find that very entertaining. The rest of the game is a formality. Not exciting at all. In fact the thought that a group can create a good comp or a comp that can "handle any match up" (which isn't a truth, just a well rounded team in actual truth) seems far more exciting.   Because you want to see if they can pull it off.
0	Sustainable solutions vs. delaying the problem   Early American aid efforts for Africa illustrates this (and in many cases continue to do so). Give Detroit 10 billion dollars. If their institutions, programs, and businesses are not overhauled that money will be drained like all their money before that. You can't throw money at it.
1	Did you read the post or just the
1	I just did a quick google search and [this]( turned up. They don't exactly have a model that looks suitable for 5 players + riot employees, but lets try to extrapolate.   The biggest they have would give each player 3 feet of table space and ranges from $12k to $26 depending on the soundproofing level. Lets say they need ~5 feet per player. If we assume cost is a linear function of size (which its not exactly, but we're ballpark approximating) thats a 1.67x increase in booth size, putting our cost at $20k to $43k. We need one for each team so double the cost. We're looking at $40k to $86k, and given how loud the crowd is I'd be willing to bet we're looking at the upper half of that range at least. If I had to put down a number I'd say $70k. There's a lot of wiggle room in that estimate, but there you go.   Companies are about maximizing profit in both the short and long-terms. It's about optimizing ROI over different expenditure opportunities. You pick the way to spend your money that will get you the most money back (Even indirectly in terms of viewership numbers and advertising/word of mouth, not just short term sales). If you have wo choices of how to spend your money then as long as one has a higher ROI it doesn't make sense to spend any money on the lower ROI option.
1	I had a very similar experience, except it was my friend who ks'd my penta. We were playing 5s in normal queue and I was adc Ashe. At some point we were pushing mid and I was just sitting back during a team fight auto-attacking. Enemy has been slain... Double Kil... Triple kill... QUADRA Kill... and there last person was running back behind their inhib turret with like 1000 health. Our cho hits a Q, I auto-attack, and then  FEAST he ksed my penta when I was one or two auto attacks away. I was so pissed I sold all my items and just got max CDR and AP so I'd just spam arrows every 40 seconds for the rest of the game.
1	I would say the issue with MF comes down to lack of mobility during team fights. In the current tank meta, it's already hard enough for a team to consistently peel for the ADC. So Lucian, Graves, Tristana, Corki, Kalista, and Caitlyn amongst others - all have at least one mobility skill to assist in this. Just my thoughts I suppose, I think her damage is fantastic.
1	I will probably get flamed for this but here I go... There's nothing wrong with the ELO system... Its flawless in terms of representing your soloQ skill. The thing is you have to play at least some games... It took me almost 500 games to get plat season 2. But generally anything under 1500 I found EXTREMELY easy to win... You don't wanna focus on how stupid your mates are (after all you're at their elo.... so yeah...) You can pick whatever and wreck everyone with a semi-decent mechanical skills of the game.... I get its frustrating to play with people that are worse but if you can't handle it you don't deserve to win... At some point I even tried to add these "elohell" guys... they were bad... all of them.... either having a lot of kills but flaming their team or just being terrible....
1	The game does grow stale when you get the same stuff over and over again, but players use champs they are comfortable with and seem broken at that point in time because they want to gain an advantage and win.   Once in a while you see single champions slowly creep into that stale mix (Pantheon, Wukong) for midgame dominance or "knock em up for Yasuo" comps. These wildcards are more popular than they appear because they tend to get ban-filtered after successful use for fear of being the one unconsidered wrench thrown into the banning team's proverbial machine.   That's just how it goes: Ban champs you think you cannot deal with and pick broken/solid champs first.     About these champs: >Jax? Tryndamere? Rumble? Kennen? Jarvan?   Jax:     Running a mana champion vs ressourceless champs puts you at a disadvantage because only CD limits their skills--> Dueling can deplete his manapool forcing him to back while the enemy happily goes on farming   He needs more than just a tank item to gain critical mass   Tankrush is the ideal route right now.     Trynd:     Easy access to tank items for his enemies   Enemy can deny his purpose of splitpushing without having to build damage     Rumble:     Gets out sustained by tanks   Cannot build full tank, thus not quite suitable for the meta     Kennen:  Not a tank   Jarvan:  Other AoE junglers got better after spirit stone buffs     /
1	Mf buff is good but not great. Caitlyn is still there, ez is still there, he just needs to snowball hard same with sivir same with jinx, which after ADC nerfs it's pretty hard to, draven is a draven story; Draven Draven Draven Draven Draven.*
1	If you want to win, you'll have to chase those rising champs and leave the old ones.   I disagree with this part.   Really really strongly.   Look at tournament data.  Something like 70% of the champs get either picked or banned in high level tournaments.  The data points to one thing:  Riot has done an AMAZING job of keeping 109+ champs balanced.  They are nearly ALL viable.   Even the pros frequently admit things like "I thought that champ was trash, and then I saw someone play them well, and I had to revise my opinion."   The secret to winning isn't to chase the FotM around.  And that CERTAINLY isn't the secret to enjoying the game.  (Which I would argue correlates highly with winning.)  The secret to winning is to play whatever you enjoy playing the most, and to understand it well enough to maximize its strengths.   Look, I play Sejuani.  I played Sejuani in season 2.  I still play her.  In S3 ranked, I think I've played over 20 games with her.  I've lost 1.  In spite of everyone "knowing" she's bad, I continue to pick her for games, (usually get laughed at), and then usually do really well.  And I do well for one reason:  I enjoy playing her, so I have played her enough to really understand how she works.  I know her weakness, and can work to minimize them, and I understand her strengths, and I can try to set up situations where I can apply them.   It's a tradeoff:  If you play whoever is popular at the moment, then you will have WAY more resources for figuring out how to play.  You will have no shortage of guides and high-ranking players weighing in on different build and play choices.  On the flip side, everyone else is looking at the same resources, and even the people that aren't playing the FotM are getting LOTS of practice in dealing with them, since they're showing up every game.   On the other hand, if you play someone that is not FotM, you basically will have to figure out for yourself what works and what doesn't.  Any guides you find will be suspect, and probably out of date.  You'll probably have to spend some games trying different things (and possibly losing horribly) before you get it right.  But on the other hand, once you DO figure out how to make it work, you have the advantage that you're going to meet a lot of people who have no idea how to deal with you.   I win a lot with Sejuani.  It's not that I'm a super-awesome fantastic player.  It's not that everyone I'm playing against is stupid and bad.  It's that my opponents simply  have no idea what sorts of things she is capable of,  and are having to adapt their strategy in the middle of a game.  I've simply had a lot more practice playing against common champs as Sej than they have playing against her.
1	Silver bolts at 2 is invariably a bad decision. It is the first sign that I am about to win lane if I'm not already which I probably am because my opponent has no idea what they are doing.   |   Silver bolts requires 3 autoattacks to trigger, or 2 auto attacks and a condemn (condemn triggers silver bolts).   |   For last hitting it is entirely useless, if you are for some reason heavily pushing lane at level 2 perhaps for life steal you almost never trigger a third silver bolt for a cs, more often that not it will die before that or on a third auto anyway or the silver damage will make you mistime the cs.   |   For trading it requires that you auto 3 times if you don't have condemn. With Vayne and tumble this requires at least 3 seconds of auto attacking. If your lane opponent let's you do this they are just god awful, almost every level 2 ADC will do considerably more in a 3 second period than Vayne, it also heavily opens up the option of eating CC from the enemy support, and a lot of minion damage. All of this so that she can deal an amazing 20 + 4% of maximum hp in true damage. Which comes out to about ^(drum roll please)  45 true damage. Condemn does about 50 non true damage so if you don't land the stun you've done a whoping 5-10 extra damage than if you'd just condemned them away. Additionally condemn can stun and do double damage, increasing the total damage done over silver bolts by a lot and stunning the opponent for further damage, additionally condemn can allow a safer trade if for some reason you want to all in at level 2 as vayne condemn can allow you to disengage the enemy support and escape unharmed. Additionally condemn provides considerable safety in lane. Additionally condemn can ruin a jungle gank. Additionally condemn + tumble into a stun is a more likely trade than 3 autos and safer and more devestating. Silver bolts is an endgame skill, a good vayne usually takes it at level 4 and when they do that's when I become worried.
1	I'm with Riot on this one. Should you get to keep the name that is famous because of a specific person when that specific person wants to use it? No. In fact the only reasons you hold any value with the name (that you put in your post) is because:     You've had it since beta.     It was specifically used by someone who is/was famous.       Your first objection is completely fine, I myself would be pissed if they randomly changed it, but the only other reason you have any value in it is because it is the same name that the famous person took. Without their use of it, the name is just another name, albeit somewhat cool.   Let's say Riot's servers are a town. Now lets say that Ghostcrawler is a reaaaally famous person. Now lets say that no one really knows what Ghostcrawler looks like ((like Gatsby), so when you say "I'm Ghostcrawler!" they believe you. Then the real Ghostcrawler comes along and starts trying to claim his rightful name but everyone says "You're not Ghostcrawler!"   So now, lets say that you and the real Ghostcrawler meet. He can prove he is the real Ghostcrawler and you can't. Are you going to pull something like on of those fake celebrity facebook pages or are you going to admit you aren't the real Ghostcrawler?
0	As a androgynous female, I can't tell you how many times I've had girls confess to me thinking I'm a guy with girlish features. There was this girl, Laura, who didn't believe me, she slapped me because she thought I was lying and making fun of her as my way of rejecting her. I ended up being late to my next class (Gym) because I grabbed some ice at the nurse's office. So I'm rushing into my uniform and decide to just change in front of the lockers as opposed to in the changing rooms to save some time. Laura had apparently forgotten something and came into the locker room, she ran in just when I was topless and when she saw me her mouth dropped into a small o shape. She stared for a few seconds and ran out crying while I just stood there bewildered as to what just happened.
1	Here's my take on things, its extremely hard to perfectly balance things so that everything is viable at once so when they see something being played every game they nerf it a bit.   Why? Champions have counters and synergies whether its in lane, team fights, or something else. When one champion gets nerfed it makes way for new champions and new counters and new synergies. Sometimes Riot does go overboard with nerfs or buffs but sometimes good picks get unnoticed for a while and then one day some pro picks him up and he becomes insta ban.   I do agree with AD added item variety though, but defensive and AP does have alot of options.
1	Skillshots usually have a slightly larger hitbox than what is suggested by the indicators or animations (just look at Morgana or Blitz) to make them "feel more repsonsible" for the player firing it. Also, skillshots usually hit edge-to-edge, which makes you receive the effect even if you barely touch the hitbox. (compared to e.g. Ryze Q, where you have to be close enough to hit the enemy center. This also increases ranges of skillshots slightly if you get Lulu ulted or makes it harder to hit a (literally) fed Cho with a targeted ability)
1	This is a pretty massive-looking nerf on paper, but I've played him myself in internal playtests (we have in the mean time adjusted the duration to 3s) and, aside from the occasional mess-up trying to save my passive for last-hitting, didn't feel much different.   When you battle the enemy, your optimal play is to cast-shoot-cast-shoot smoothly, so the duration nerf doesn't enter the equation here. The 20/10% damage nerf happens at times in the game when your damage is still quite low. It's like a 10-15 damage difference for the first few levels of the game. I'm not going to lie, this will make Lucian less of a lane bully, and we do not to figure out where his strengths should be (I'm still thinking he should be among the safest mid game ADCs, alongside Ezreal, thanks to his mobility). We have a number of compensatory buffs ready  SHOULD  they be needed, but I'm not sure they will be.
0	No problem. I've always felt true stupidity is willful ignorance. People that choose not to learn, choose not to ask questions. Ignorance is simply lack of knowledge which can be remedied. By choosing to seek information, you have proved intelligence, emerging from ignorance, therefore proving lack of stupidity.
1	Well, personally, I still think it's balanced fairly well around the immobility of his kit. I'll warn you now that what I say might sound a bit harsh, but there's kinda not any other way to state what I'm about to say.   Your death was 100% your fault. You're Leona. You're a tank with a hell of a lot of CC, and you should never  ever  be away from your team. Unless you both were the final survivors of a big teamfight, and he chased you down to get those five stacks, you should not have been in a position where he is alive and not being CC'd or bursted down. And since it seems like he built glass cannon or at least a hefty amount of AD, it also seems improbable and / or impractical that he was not killed immediately in a teamfight anyway.   As Leona, if Darius is doing that much damage to a tank, he is near the top of the priority list for CC abilities unless you can jump onto a squishy and blow them up. This is actually less likely, since Darius  needs  to be up front and in the fray to do his damage, which opens him up to all of your entire team's Melee and ranged CC. If he jumped onto you, your stuns can keep him immobile for upwards of 3 seconds and as low as 1.5 or so if you only land Zenith blade and your Q. Your entire job as a CC-heavy tank is to prevent your carries from dying. This means you have to either catch the enemy carries out of position, or you need to peel bruisers away from your carries so they can do their jobs.   If you were off to the side of the fight letting Darius solo you, then you are out of position. Leona cannot out-damage Darius. You need your carries. If Darius killed your carry and you, you peeled incorrectly, or your carry was out of position and not behind you. In this case, the teamfight is already lost, and you need to disengage. If you cannot run away and get aced, you probably facechecked into a lot of CC or had otherwise poor positioning relative to your scenario.   Darius can do - in your calculations, a minimum of 1570 health in true damage - the damage he does  because  hos weaknesses are so prominent. He goes berserk on your team, and is an all-in champion, so his damage is high. This is compensated by his short range, and his reliance on his passive speed to maneuver and position himself in fights. This makes him weaker to CC and kiting even moreso than Tryndamere. Yes, Darius can stick to individual targets well with his W, but if he gets peeled by one or two CC abilities, he's not doing damage, and in all likelihood dying.   His absurd strengths are offset by his absurd weaknesses. This is what we call balance. Extreme in two ways it may be, nobody is denying that, but it is what balances Darius as a hero. Yes, he's strong, but he is actually extremely situational once people learn how to play against him.
1	Result speak for itself? Fnatic beat C9.  C9 Beat fnatic.    Alliance beat worst tier dignitas(was worse than Millennium). Old gambit beat CLG,  TSM stomped Lemondog(2nd best EU team at the time).     EU and NA are no different. Put a league of all combined, and it will be throw city for each team each week.
1	Uhh nothing will happen to poppy. Sadly MIL showed exactly how not to play as a pro team.   Let me explain why.   THEY LET MUNDO 1v1 POPPY dumbest thing you can do as a pro team. Poppy should have been at half the CS mundo have if done well.
1	Edit: 3rd page and 21 upvotes, I nearly dropped my phone! Thanks for the internet fame all!   Edit: Grammar.
1	Nocturne is not really much of a support jungler, rather a  Carry Jungler , so since the AD component of Aegis got removed, I don't really think its viable anymore.   Locket of the Iron Solari   Stats: +425 health  +35 armor +10% cooldown reduction +10 health regen per 5 seconds Active: Shield yourself and nearby allied champions for 5 seconds, absorbing up to 50 (+10 per level) damage. 60                second cooldown. (600 range)   As you can see, Nocturne does not really benefit from this item. Aegis used to be a good buy since it gave you 10 AD and an aura for your team plus good stats for a jungler. Solari's active is not bad, but you shouldn't necessarily engage head first as Nocturne.
1	of course you win the same amount of games if you're good, but you can't solo carry for shit now because there is not enough snowballing   what i'm saying is that now you need to have more strategical skills but less mechanicals skills (because every midlaner used nowadays is not t   in S3 you could be the biggest retard in this world (strategically), but if you had fast fingers you could solo carry with good mechanics cos assassins ruled, snowball was huge, there was ignite top/bot, there were support such as Zyra wich could stomp the lane, one good engage by Ashe/Varus or one good ult by MF could set up a winning teamfight etc...   now you can win by shotcalling and such, but it just feels incredibly boring to me, it's just not the same...
0	I have insomnia frequently and try to save Reddit for nights I can't sleep. Sometimes boredom gets the better of me and I take to Reddit during the day.  I am always depressed when I can't sleep and I type in Reddit and all the posts are purple.
0	Friday night: yaaaaayyyy I can stay up because of no work tomorrow!   Gf: don't stay up too late we have to get up at asscrack :30 to take dog to humpitydumipty then we gotta shaddraddthalada....until then we will be tab a bad a baba doing ..... Sunday we have to clean the yadda yadda yadda and then go to Walmart..... Maybe just maybe Sunday night you can have time to fart.
1	This is why I have barely played in ages.  Every time I come back and play a game, there's something that goes wrong and there's always some toxic player, be it on my team or the enemy's, that has to ruin the game.   For example, I finally played for the first time this month, last night.  We had a premade group of four (we wanted five to avoid an uncooperative random, but couldn't grab a fifth).  We'd already worked out what roles we wanted to play more or less, but when we got into the lobby, the random auto-locked Soraka with heal and revive.  I figured, 'Great, a troll,' but fortunately they switched revive to flash.  However, I main support, which is what I planned to play.  Now, I don't blame the random entirely, because I didn't say anything straight away (not that they gave me much of a chance).  So I opted to play AD Ez.  We ended up against a Twitch/Nami combo, which as you can imagine made it hard to last hit.   Fast forward and I end up dying to Twitch in attempt to save Soraka, who aside from barely warding at all, liked to sit in the bush and do nothing but occasionally give me mana.   Fast forward again and eventually Twitch has spectacularly outfarmed me and combined with a support that's actually helping him, Soraka and I die an even 3 times each.  Our mid was also having problems (Akali vs Kat) and ended up feeding also.  At this point, even though our top and jungle were doing quite well and our top had more kills than Twitch and Kat combined, Soraka suddenly goes, 'Fuck this, I'm out,' and DCs.   The rest of the game went ok.  We still lost and amazingly the enemy team were quite nice about our ragequitting Soraka (their top lane Vi also ended up ragequitting later on making it 4v4 but Kat was far too fed to recover - she quadra-killed us on multiple occasions).   At the end both teams reported Soraka and Vi, but it was enough to make me not want to bother playing another game.
0	Higher proof alcohols help upper respiratory symptoms because they are both respiratory depressants and vasodilators, (opening up the tubings in the lungs to breath). The sore throat thing I believe in, but I don't know why.
0	you have to throw it in the right direction, which can change on where you are in the world.....the boomerang doesn't "come back" it hovers in one place. As the earth rotates you actually "catch up'' to it, this gives the illusion of the boomerang coming back. For those saying the directions don't work; maybe its because they're designed for Australia, you might might need to modify the instructions if your in the States.
1	What are you talking about their release champion balance is fine   Lucian - Everyone thought he was UP then he got 2 very little buffs and suddenly everyone think he's OP   Jinx - Strong lane bully and her AS steroid got nerfed a bit on release but overall very balanced   Vel'Koz - Fine on release he's good at what he does and I can't think of any changes that have happened to him   Yasuo - Everyone thought he was OP on release then he got a small buff and a range nerf and people think he's fine   Braum - Well we're in the phase where everyone will think he's too strong but give it time and he'll be fine.  He's probably a tad too strong but not compared to how OP everyone thought Yasuo was on release
0	Well, she was drunk and flipped shit because I lost her drink in a bar (she had enough anyway), I bought her a new one. It wasn't the drink she wanted, so I stood up to by her the right drink. In the process of standing up I accidentally spilled half of the drink on her dress - she retaliated by pouring the whole thing into my face.   That was the breaking point, I got to me feet and told her to fuck off, I am going home and I will not take any more shit from her. I left the club and she followed me, asking if I am breaking up (like there was any question about that oO) and grabbed me. After a short brawl (where I frequently warned her: "[Exname], I have to brake your grip if you won't let go!" and she complained afterwards that  I  hit her, although any aggression was on  her  behalf) I walked home alone, feeling miserable and pissed. At that point I thought everything was over but well... it just started. She showed up at my house, asking for her love-letters, she wanted them back. "Well, fuck you, here are your letters no gtfo."... a few minutes later she was knocking on my window so I half-opened it and asked what her goddamn problem is. Her response was: "Do you want to see how I burn them?" and I was like "wtf I do not care what you do." I went back to bed.   A few minutes later I saw the shine of fire right outside my window, I mean, like directly infront of my window. I could not accept this, the flames were high and threatened my blinds, so I got a fire-extinguisher, opened the window and extinguished the fire. At that point she was making a run for my window, clawing at me, so I pointed the nozzle at her and well... that was kind of fun. Really. I always wanted to douse somebody with a fire extinguisher, so there was my chance and I did not let that one pass.   The rest is history. We broke up, tried to stay friends despite the events, did not work out (because she is a stupid bitch), I deleted her and feel great now.
1	I do agree with this wholeheartedly that the promos that are  P1->D5 or any similar situation are completely necessary and that all other cause unneeded stress/anxiety etc. However i do think that this may be a bit fueled by the unrealistic stature of the ladder at the moment. Due to the fact that almost everyone above P3 can get placed P1 leads to an issue. Diamond/Master/Challenger players need to be able to climb back up as well and they need to play someone as there are not going to be many other D1 players at the moment, and if you think about it in this light it would actually take the mass of players that are D5 and up an incredible long time (in terms of queue times) to find players  that are the same aesthetic level but also a similar MMR from last season post-reset. I think the idea here is that the Plat 1 restriction seems a bit out of place due to the skill above that point that exists, but people in those elos still want to climb, making it a tricky balancing act on Riots part.
1	Kotaku conveniently left out the fact this is an Asian league. Let's be honest, Asia isn't a bastion of LGBT rights. Their title says:   >Only One LGBTQ Person Allowed Per Team In League Of Legends Tournament   Slightly misleading. Considering the readers are probably only familiar with LCS.   >Only One LGBTQ Person Allowed Per Team In Asian League Of Legends Tournament   One word changes quite a bit. This tells us that it's not LCS. Yeah, it's not right but it's ASIA not the US.   Human Rights Watch summary of Singapore in 2014: >Singapore's government further restricted freedom of expression and assembly in 2014, and turned back gains in lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights.   Is it really, really shocking that there's discrimination? No, well maybe if you assume this is occurring in the states as the title misleads you to believe. Just the region is behind us on LGBT acceptance...
1	In IPL there was this commercial with Chauster talking about how people are afraid of thinking outside the box, that they don't "challenge the meta" and only play the way that is "accepted". He mentioned bot lane as an example, that no one plays bruisers bot against AD + support even though bruisers win that lane. I very much agree with what he was saying, and I've been trying to point out these things myself many times to my friends and on the forum. Champions like Shyvana, Urgot, AD Kenne etc. where looked upon as weak, and were never played, until a team won a tournament with them. Now recently you can see Vayne as an example of this. Basically never played since nerf, Doublelift played her and now suddenly people think of her as viable and really good again. I wanted to hear your output on this mindset I guess you can call it; do you agree with me on that it exists and if you do, how do you think it affects the overall progress of gameplay in League? What things do you think could actually change, like champions, summoners, setups, lanes etc.? Because in games like HoN the meta is more flexible, there are a lot of different ways to arrange your lanes for instance, a thing that is very stagnant in LoL.
0	Seriously? You are butthurt because your parents go on camping trips without you, and don't help with your college finances? What else do you feel you deserve, just because? I am so goddamn embarrassed of my generation it makes me actually cringe when I think about it. Your folks coddled you too much and didn't beat you near enough what you deserve.
1	Pick before call, if they are like "Hey random, you are support" you can still pick whatever you want, because YOU are first pick, not them.   If the premades are not willing to play ANY role, it's their problem, tell them to stop playing draft pick, they should go for blind pick insta lock instead.   They can't report you for that, riot doesn't support the meta, so they don't care, they are trolling you not you them.
0	Aww. Look how emotional the little liberal is that he feels the need to down vote my comments. How cute.   >Firstly just because criminals are able to get something doesn't mean you're letting them.  It's not like you're making a law with a clause "except for criminals."   You can't stop them.   >Secondly, you seem to be unaware of all the "law abiding citizens" who buy guns, and then who end up shooting someone, thus becoming a criminal.   You make it sound like the guns bought legally are the problem. You have no idea how small the percentage is of all legally purchased guns that are used to kill people.  Most people who own guns legally never use them to harm others.   >Finally, you seem to be implying that ordinary people owning guns somehow stops criminals from doing anything bad with them.  It doesn't.   Actually, it does. Remember that ordinary gun owners aren't killing anyone. Also remember that they have the legal right to own guns. You lose here on every point.   >So I'll rewrite your statement thusly: "Lets restrict people from buying guns so that only those who are willing to buy from black market sources have guns."   Sounds like a great idea. Lets round up all legally owned guns and rob citizens of their rights. This way only the bad guys have guns.   >Still not great, but certainly much better than the current situation of:   >"Lets just let everyone have all the guns they want, for any bullshit reason."   What's wrong with that?  Did you know that owning a gun hurts no one?  I could own 1,000 guns and that would have no effect on anyone else. Remember, I have the right to bear arms. The people who use guns harm others are already illegally purchasing their guns.
1	While I wholeheartedly agree with you, I think that Riot Games can only move so fast.   I don't think that Riot was fully expecting the ridiculous exponential growth in the past few years. And even now, they're still trying to keep up with it. There will, of course, be a time when this growth evens out and becomes more stable.   This may all just be speculation and assumptions that I'm making, but with the current size of the organization (~1000 employees, according to Wikipedia), they're probably trying to move as fast as they can without being reckless in their endeavors. This is evident [according to this article about their plan to expand into a campus in 2015.](   A smart move - to add 500 more employees. Trying to expand faster just to keep up with the high growth rates would just be a blind and slightly reckless decision, and will most likely exacerbate a possible (financial) bubble burst if they're not careful. 500 employees should not be enough to cause severe organizational culture shock (especially with Riot's meticulous hiring process) or issues within Riot's organizational structure itself, but be enough to deal with the current growth.     With that said, your letter acts as a great wake up call for Riot. What's more, I think Riot needs to analyze the growth and set some priorities - not only for the future, but for the present as well.   While I agree that Riot needs to find a way to engage the players, they've basically got three huge categories of market they're dealing with: eSports Development (LCS/Challenger Scene/etc.), League of Legends Development (the actual game itself) and.. well, everything else (everything - from IT's management of social media exposure to player support).   There needs to be a matter of prioritization within these three categories or markets, if you will. The eSports (LCS) exposure draws in immense popularity for the game. The actual game is a source of stable revenue (RP sales). And finally, everything else (player support, media exposure, etc.) helps build Riot's reputation as a player-dedicated company.   According to [this article]( Riot considers the LCS more of "an investment into the game for our fans  just like wed [they'd] invest in any other feature within the game," thus proving my above point. And even with the live LCS crowds in Season 4, I doubt Riot's making any significant profits.   So what Riot should sit down and contemplate is this: "How do we convert this popularity into more revenue?" followed by "How can we distribute these profits into our current investments?" and finally, "Where do we want to focus our attention on - LCS or the game?"   Of course, everyone's answer to that last question would be to focus on both. But the reality is that one needs to receive more attention than the other - at least until its growth stabilizes. My opinion is that the focus needs to be on the game, for obvious reasons. The game is interesting, which is why LCS is interesting.   At the very basic level of an example, consider this: fans don't wait for new professional players to enter the scene so they can see these pro players play the same existing champions. They want to see new champions released and hope that the existing pro players pick them up and play them.
1	That's neat
0	I would generally agree, but my dad does this everyday at work. He worked his ass off through life. Father died at 13, raised his brother and took care of insane mother financially. This is all while going on to earning a PhD on his own dime. If an overpriced coffee is what makes that man have a good day, then, by god, LET THERE BE STARBUCKS!
0	Hopefully we can restore your faith in humanity and parenting. We respect our belongings and have made sure our child does, too. Toys are not stepped on, and she is not allowed to touch the desktop computers. She does have a hand-me down iPod, and treats it wonderfully. Any toys she brings outside, she shows me so we can make sure together that it comes back in. Any toy that is broken by accident, we fix with superglue. Any toy that is damaged from lack of care on her part is gone, with a lesson on "this is why you can't have nice things."   The exception to this was the day after Christmas, and the dog ate the eyes off her new stuffed horse. She was heartbroken. I took her to the toy store and we bought the same one again, and a few days later we found the eyes from the old one. "Now I can have twins!"   I superglued the eyes back on, and they bulged out of the horse's head. Child says, "I have the perfect name - Nervous!" Cracks me up. I'll have to post a pic.   At any rate, child is so wonderful and selfless all the time to the point where THIS Christmas she left a present out for Santa on Christmas Eve because she was worried that he was so busy bringing presents, he might not get one for himself.   Have faith, there are others like our family out there too.  I promise. :-)
