0	I asked a girl for her phone number when her program was being laid off from work. She had made it a point to talk to me every few trips to the restroom/water fountain (My desk is right next to the door to her work area and the door to the lobby area). We had conversations about Song of Ice and Fire, work, and life in general.   So she sought me out to tell me she was going on furlough. I asked if she had a phone number. Things changed instantly. She went "Yeeeeaaah, but, you may think I am weird, but, I don't know you. So please don't be offended that I won't give it to you."   It made me feel like I had somehow intruded upon her and that I was suddenly a creep. -.-'   So I would say, be very careful and take steps to find out from other people how she feels. Find out if she talks about you, make sure she's not ogling anyone other than you, etc. I don't care about the lost friendship - I feel like I dodged a bullet with her reaction. But I hate somehow feeling like I've done something wrong.
0	As someone who grew up as the smallest kid in my grade, was bullied everyday, and learned the hard way the way the school systems work, I can safely say that you are the one who is ignorant.   In grade 3, a kid picked a fight with me, and it was my first ever fight. I was small, unathletic, and unpopular, so everyone just sat around and watched as I got the shit kicked out of me. I didn't even put up a fight. Why? Because the pathetic excuses that passed as teachers had always taught us that we shouldn't fight, that fighting was wrong and to try to avoid them. In the end, he stopped only after the recess bell rang and everyone went back inside. I was left face down crying in the snow, blood pooling from my face. Luckily one of my friends noticed I wasn't in the classroom and notified the teacher. When they came and got me they came outside and took me straight to the principle's office, where the bully was sitting with a feigned look of pain, holding his eye. He went and said I punched him in the face. The principle believed him without even asking other students, and so I got in equal amounts of trouble that he did. I had to spend the next month in the detention room with him gloating at me. In grade 3 I realized that teachers were fucking worthless. After that I joined martial arts, learned how to defend myself, and every fight someone picked with me after that day I won. After all, if a teacher couldn't protect me, and I was going to get punished anyway, why not kick some ass?   That being said, I'm also now a pacifist in everyday life. I only hold violence as a last resort to defend myself if I have to. When I would get psychologically bullied in high school, I used competitive wrestling and gaming tournaments as my release. I would never be the bully and put someone in the position that I was in.   Oh, and the kicker? That principle who didn't listen to a word the kid covered in blood was saying? He got a promotion two years later to being in the board of directors.
1	I played with a morde who went 0-4 in lane against morgana and told us the game was over from the start because we banned shen instead of morg [lol]   Meanwhile I was playing vayne in botlane and had about 4 times the enemy ashe's cs..when laning phase ended around 22 mins I had 200 and she had 60 and I was 3/0 .............as vayne.   Mordekaiser decides to afk for 20 minutes then come back as we are finishing baron and pushing down their nexus to ask the other team to report me for being a noob.
0	I am in a similar situation. I am a hetero-romantic asexual male. I believe myself to be realistic about my expectations and the only partner I would be successful with is likely a hetero-romantic asexual female. However, I have been spending lots of time over the past three months with a bisexual female. Recently we have been spending more and more time together, literally almost all day every day. She occasionally says she loves me, but I take it as platonic, however I do not say it back (because I have romantic feelings) and she acts annoyed when I don't. I know she is/wants to be sexually active, so I am not pursuing a romantic relationship because I feel it would be cheating her out of a satisfying relationship. So I have accepted the fact that I should not expect/try to foster a romantic relationship with her, but goddamn if it doesn't pain me to hear when she has a date with another guy or talks about another guy etc. Strangely it does not bother me when she has a date or sex with a girl. Of course I can't say anything because I have no desire to actually have sex with her (I do like to touch, kiss, etc.) and to me doing so would be completely unfair. Oh well, it's not so bad.
1	AD Champions and AP Champions are different. Your question is like asking, what's the better orange, the apple or the pear?   AP Champions focus on bringing burst damage and utility to the team. They provide the brunt of the damage to shift the team fight in favour of your team. For example, Morgana can be used to snare targets for your team and be used to break up the enemy team while providing CC and damage for your team.   AD Champions focus on bringing sustained damage and escape to your team. They provide the continuous damage required to kill tanky champions late game. For Example, Kogmaw and Vayne are two of the best AD carries late game because they do more damage with items than any other champion in the game letting them shred champions with the same amount of money in defence.   albeit, in your level right clicking and going to get a drink is probably easier than trying to balance mana with skill shots while kiting the enemy. Regardless, as you progress through your levels you will eventually see this defining aspect.
0	When I was young, maybe around 7 or 8, I entered a department store with my mother there was, what I thought to be a mannequin at the front. It was wearing a NIKE windbreaker but some of the letters over the breast were creased over and I couldnt read it. Curious, I reached up to flatten the lettering out. Turns out it was a woman. She wasn't pleased.
0	I suppose I understand that.   But after knowing many parents, mothers especially, including my own, whose children didn't turn out the way they'd hoped or expected...I find that these statements are almost always made in response to the decisions of adult or adolescent offspring that are in contrast with the views of their parents. And I also feel that it's a bit naive? maybe? to decide to have a child, and then expect them to act as though it were born by their own request, and the mother made such sacrifice to oblige them.   If you decided to have children, you didn't grant them some magical wish, you just forced them to be a person. You wanted children. Certainly, you made great sacrifices to take care of them and give them what they need, but if you hadn't decided to have children then they wouldn't need you to make all those sacrifices, and they don't owe it to you to live up to your expectations. They don't really even have to be nice to you. Sometimes they're going to resent you for even having them. (Because, newsflash, being a person sucks sometimes.) It would be nice for you, sure, but it probably isn't going to happen since a child isn't a pet and they grow into an independently-thinking/acting person fairly quickly; and it is incredibly unfair to be disappointed or resentful of your children for that.
1	You'd be surprised what sort of stuff is out there on the web that you don't know about. Rumor has it of a land far, far beyond the reaches of Google, offering free 720p access to anyone with the link.
1	Camp a lane if they are not warding. If your mid helps your gankings, it is ok but not necessary most of the time. Camp a lane and enemy laner will be dismoralized and his team will rage him. Counter-jungling can serve to this purpose well, but you need wards for counter-jungling.
0	If you've ever worked public service like as a firefighter, emt, paramedic, police or even being a teacher you understand why they're racist. At the same time, the situation is so complicated that you cannot merely blame the victim. Why is this black homeless schizophrenic on the streets shooting up? He exists in a system where his probably single mother did not have the time and/or resources to address his needs, to address mental health, so his issues go unchecked. He self-destructs and is not given a second chance in a society that finds people expendable. Why give this guy a job when there's 10 other people willing to push buttons at walmart? How can you stay motivated and sober in such a situation? The fire/rescue guys see it day in and day out and grow immune to it, just another crackhead / junkie / alcoholic who self-destructs, great. Even just looking at different classrooms in the same HS, you see disparity between the races. You see the white kids in the IB program with supportive doting parents, money in the bank, sending their kids to ivy league; he might be a little shitbag for all we know but he's going somewhere. Then the brown girl in the on-level class who works retail to buy herself a MK bag so she can have nice shit is too busy fixing her hair and clothes to pay attention. The impulse is to think this girl is a dumb hoochie, but you realize that if the context she was in was different she wouldn't end up like that. Of course she's obsessed with her shit, she worked hard for it, but if the white boy breaks the ipad he gets a new one. You're asking for poor people who have nothing to give up material wealth and find some inner inspiration to excel and surpass people who have everything.   I don't know if anyone of you've suffered depression but imagine a whole culture that has depression, low self-esteem, low self-worth and tell them to "snap out of it". It doesn't work that way. You need systematic widespread change over a long period of time to see any appreciable change, and because most people become apathetic to these issues, or in the case of OP, become racist, we don't get the progress we need. Racism isn't necessarily without basis, but I think if you have a deeper understanding of the other party's situation you wouldn't be as dismissive.
0	It depends on the needs of the establishment owner. There are some places around my city that have their entire menu written up in chalk. These places might also have a menu that changes about once a month as things go in or out of season.   If I'm not mistaken, the establishment that popularized this look for my town was [Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream.]( The image in the link may actually show an old chalkboard as these days they tend to get a bit more fancy with it. So Jeni's might hire someone to go around to all of their locations and redo the chalkboards about every three months. It would be more practical than depending on the regular staff to do it as a trained artist/designer could give more consistent results. But that might not suit everyone's needs.   There's a board game bar here that hired a designer to write on four pillars covered with chalkboard paint. She did a highly designed look on  most of the surfaces and then left a blank section for the staff to write in or erase what's currently on tap. They might not ask her (or another artist) to come back for several months (or even years) to update the design.   Then there's Giant Eagle Market District... They have chalkboards all over the store. Bakery, cheese, wine, produce, restaurant, and the in-store coffee shop all have chalkboards that change on a weekly or monthly basis.   The bars in the trendier part of town use a mix of freelance designers and people who are already a part of their staff. If they have someone on staff who's got a little talent, they might just use that person's skills. But that part of town has a little chalkboard out in front of just about every establishment. Bars, antique shops, thrift stores, restaurants, and curiosity shops all have them. It's hard to walk 20 feet there without stepping around one. Since the area is saturated with that kind of thing, establishment owners are a little more willing to hire someone who'll make something that really sticks out.
0	It's not being homosexual that Catholicism does not agree with, it is the act of non-procreational sex. Of course, if two people engage in homosexual intimacy, then it would be non-procreational, and only recreational. Of course, Catholicism does not agree with recreational sex at all, as this applies to heterosexual relationships. And then there's the point about sex outside of marriage - you guessed it, Catholicism doesn't agree with that either. But don't think Catholics believe that being homosexual is wrong - Catholicism isn't  THAT  backwards. I myself am an agnostic, but Catholic by upbringing - I decided to be baptised and confirmed myself when I was 10.
0	Yea, that rustled some jimmies when chrome did disallow the direct one-click installation of user scripts from other websites than their store.
1	Yes. When I first started playing, all my guy friends convinced me to play League with them and I was the "noob girl." I spammed Warwick cuz I thought he was cool... (It's a running joke in my group of friends that I'm a secret furry since I only play animal champs: Nidalee, Warwick, Rengar, etc...)   Anyways they made me jungle so they could win lane, basically it was always a 4v5 cuz I was so noob. They just told me who to ult and thats it.   Fast forward 2 years, I'm gold and they're all stuck Bronze/Silver. I forgot about Warwick but a friend of mine told me to get back into him for Season 5 Jungle. I made a guide on him, and as it turns out I play him completely different than I did before. (Max different abilities, different items, etc) but he's great for dragon control and locking down a carry in a teamfight.
0	I took some...substances... last night and watched some MMA. I couldn't look away for some reason. I kept wondering (probably out loud) to myself why anyone would willingly stand toe to toe with a guy like Wanderli Silva. It looks so brutal. But then it started to seem like some weird dance. These guys were having a great time getting the shit kicked out of them. Those 5 minute rounds seemed like hours. I realized when the bell finally rang I was gripping my chair so hard my fingers were locked up.
1	It is absolutely core on Kog'maw, first off. It is also a great item on WW because it procs on his ult, 6 times I think. It is core on Teemo, because what else do you build on him? It greatly benefits Vayne. but is not "core." Shaco uses it very well, because his ult procs it as well, making it 8% per hit. There are others were it is good, but I think that covers all the characters that have it as a core build. It is really only good for most AD carries if the enemy is stacking health, were as Black Cleaver is for armor.
1	I'm assuming when you said "I've started playing DOTA ever since they added the Australian server" you're learning the game from scratch.     The ping difference is massive. If you haven't noticed it, it's probably due to the turnrates and attack/spell animations that Dota has.     Dodging spells is a lot easier. e.g. Storm Spirit balling around to dodge spells. These things can change the game.       and in response to your
0	God. All the redditors complaining about "improper" use of memes and whatnot. You're more annoying than any facebook simpleton could ever be. The worst part about it, is that it is most likely someone on your friends list who is the offender. I guess you keep 'em around so you have someone to belittle behind their backs, with all your superior redditor friends in your cool meme club.
0	Have you ever heard the song "We are the World"?  Here's the [musician list](  Other than Paulinho da Costa, do you see anybody from outside the immediate vicinity of North America?   We Americans are idiots about a lot of things.  If you look at the awful people we hire to run things, you can see that this tendency is probably only going to get worse.
1	Is he still considered a professional? I'm genuinely curious about this. He was a professional player at one point in time, but now he isn't good enough to play for a professional team (at least in terms of LCS and such since he isn't on a team anymore), so is he still considered a professional? Or is it more like he WAS a professional LoL player?   Are people considered professionals forever if they make it to the "pros" for at least 1 season or something? Or are people only considered pro's as long as they are in the professional leagues?   Sorry for somewhat repeating myself, but yea...
1	I disagree. I Played about 180 warwick games in Diamond during this past season with a winrate of 70% so stating that he wasn't that strong before would be inaccurate. It's more that people didn't know how to build warwick to make him a success. Now considering the new smites and the fact that most of the junglers don't gank as often as before means that hitting level 6 without much threat is much easier. Now considering you can get a free ff+10 item for only 2.2k amps up your damage tremendously. You spike a lot sooner in terms of solo dmg.
0	There is some supreme irony where you write, "You want to advocate for increased ambiguity and nonsense in language? Cool story, bro" that a great textbook example of a strawman, and then follow it with, [...] because what you're actually saying is simply illogical, and you can just go do the logic on your own".   Regardless, I will pretend that I am dealing with a rational person.   In cases like "biweekly" or in any case where ambiguity arrises, we will give more context. So the sentence itself has ambiguity, but that isn't uncommon for an utterance divorced from the discourse. What we do is say something like this:   >Class with meet biweekly. Mondays and Wednesday at 9am.   or   >Class will meet biweekly. Every other friday at 7pm.   Now, back to the issue at hand, "literally" and its uses. It does not mean hyperbole, it acts as an intensifier for a metaphorical phrase, other words that have similar functions are, "very, really, pretty and so on". Here is an example from James Joyce,  >"Lily, the caretaker’s daughter, was literally run off her feet."   Now, we don't necessarily know what Joyce was getting at much like there is a moment of ambiguity, the problem in this particular case like "shit his pants" they can be both metaphorical or actual and literally didn't help. That wasn't poor language on the part of "literally" but poor choice in OP's style. If he wanted to communicate something in actuality he should of used "actually".
0	I know you were just trying to jump on the bandwagon, but these kind of jokes are why psychology isn't taken seriously as a scientific field of study.   There are intelligent, hardworking people who work with veterans suffering from PTSD; people who study how schizophrenia looks on brain scans to develop medication without such debilitating side-effects as those currently prescribed; people who are therapists for trauma victims and people who can barely leave their houses without crippling fear.   This kind of thing belittles their work and makes it more difficult for people to seek and obtain the help they need; it spreads the ignorance that is the root cause of stigmatization of so many people truly suffering from psychological disorders. So just shut the fuck up.
0	This enrages me to the point of nearly getting me killed. I was driving in Los Angeles, down the 5, close to the 134 merge. I needed to get on the 134, and started a merge, but an Astrovan driven by an Armenian guy accelerated into me to close the gap. I had already made it about halfway into the lane, so I had to swerve out. This totally enraged me, so (being from New Jersey), I did what had to be done. I flipped the guy off and waited for him to pass me so I could merge behind him. Thankfully, I was so angry that I decided to go for the second flip off as he was passing, because right when he entered my blind spot, he swerved his car into me. I had to make the snap decision to swerve into the lane to the left of me, without looking, to avoid collision. Thankfully, nobody was there. The guy then pulled ahead of me, and I could see him cursing and screaming at me, and tried to merge into me again. This time, I broke, and let him get in front of me. He then slowed to 25 mph on the fucking 5 freeway, and was swerving all over the road to block me from passing him. For those of you not from LA, the average speed on the 5 is about 85 mph, and he was going 25. Finally, we got to the 134 merge, and I managed to get onto the other freeway without him. I wrote the guy's plates down, and called CHP, but they basically laughed it off. The weirdest part of the whole thing was the guy had like a family of six in the car with him. I could see his wife screaming at him to stop, as he tried to kill me.
1	Suppression was added to the game SPECIFICALLY to be a CC effect that couldn't be cleansed to give the champions in questions reliability in their ultimates.   This was before Riot realized knockups were generally healthier for the game in this regard, and why we haven't need a new champion with suppression since Skarner.   The issue is due to how these abilities are designed, they make changing it to stun a very hard sell because the suppression is what gives them the consistency.     WW and Malzahar do damage over the duration of their ults. If their ults were changed to stuns, what happens? If they have tenacity, do they do the total damage over less time, or do they take less since it's cut short? Suppression means that the answer is clear: It's X damage, over Y seconds, and if they break it with a QSS their ults continue.      I am fully aware that Nasus's wither reaches full duration even with tenacity, which gives some precedent for the full damage over the shorter duration. However, damage and slows aren't the same- abilities that do DAMAGE over time always do it over a fixed interval, and suppression allows for WW/Malz ults to have those fixed intervals.     For Urgot, making his ult suppression a stun would make it affected by tenacity, making the swap time SHORTER and thus making his ult actually more powerful. The ult being a suppression solves this problem.   Skarner is a little bit harder to justify Impale not being a stun. However, the fact that Impale is a suppression results in the Skarner player knowing EXACTLY how far they can drag someone, not having to worry about tenacity. This is less important for catching carries, but it's CRITICAL if Skarner is using his ult to peel for his team.
1	I've said this before, but let me explain something to you. Kara is more of an admin when it comes to the NESL, and if it was up to her she wouldn't cast. When makeup games get put together, and no one is available to cast them, she steps up and will cast them. Really, what she is doing, is saving our butt's when these makeup games.
1	I never take personal shots, but I most definitely rub in victories. I try and win the mental game in League by trying to put my enemies in tilt through the occasional sarcastic comment like "nice gank" after a botched gank or "easy lane easy game" after a kill. It's up to their teammates to support them and tell them that I'm just an idiot, but that's far too uncommon, and that is the real problem I believe.
1	You mean like 5 years ago when they first released the game and already knew that the languages they created the game and client on was out-dated.
1	Idea:   Get over it.   Seriously, this might seem a little rant-y, but this topic is showing up over and over. But, to give a bit of history of the reddit complaintrain.   Complaint: LOL the client suxxorz. Reddit Post Frenzy: LOOK I AM A DESIGNER AND I MADE A NEW CLIENT Reddit Post Frenzy Responses: LOOK AT THAT DESIGNER THAT MADE A GREAT CLIENT IN LIKE 2 DAYS, JUST MAKE IT WORK.   Action: Riot begins to release 'client upgrades' in a new format to be tested and used before a full client release is ready.   Complaint: BROWSERS UGH THIS IS THE WORST IT MAKES A NEW WINDOW OPEN UP.   (rational thought - wait, what? I mean, seriously. This literally doesn't cost you anything. No energy, no money, no time, nothing...)   and on. and on.   Here is the deal. Riot is a developer. They have several development teams. These teams need to work together to make things happen. They also have several concurrent development cycles. These things  are  a cycle.   Writing a custom client takes time. Especially considering that MUCH of the time must be spent making a stable and solid architecture, and SECURITY. I am sure teh designers at Riot have had new desings for a new client done for MONTHS (as my experience as a web-app developer and working with design teams). Creating something in illustrator and then implementing that same stuff utilizing code takes time, even for very accomplished front-end developers. THEN, getting the thing to actually work takes very accomplished back-end developers time.   Further, consider that they are simultaniously developing the API for this so that teh data can be accessed by everyone in an intelligent way.
0	I'm glad we could entertain you. I don't think it's a foolish assumption that when you call your wife lazy in a public forum, people will assume you are a dick. Seriously, if your relationship is so awesome - TELL HER you think she's lazy instead of strangers.   >Or maybe fools on the internet think they can know the whole story from a 2 sentence post.  Thanks for all your assumptions, Reddit is my treasure trove of relationship advice   Don't need (or want) to know your whole story. I know you disrespect your spouse in public where she cannot refute you. If it bothers you that "fools on the internet" are judging you, maybe you shouldn't air your dirty laundry in public.
1	Your questions are skewed toward a particular set of responses. I tried filling it out, but as someone who has very consistent moderate ping, a lot of the questions don't make a whole lot of sense and are hard to answer.
0	I highly doubt that he is really one of Jehovah's Witnesses. You spelled Jehovah wrong and if he were he wouldn't be in a relationship with an atheist. My guess is he was raised as one but is not one.
0	true story: when I was 17 in high school myself and two friends decided to go to the mall since one of my friends needed to get something done. Anyway, we're at the mall and I decided to be nice to my other friend who was the driver so I bought him a McChicken. So anyway, after everything, we get in the car and he put his burger on the dashboard of the car. We start driving and we make a left turn on a busy intersection, as the car turns the inertia causes the McChicken to slide to the right, this startles/distracts my driving friend who then proceeds to crash into the car on the other lane. It was a pretty scary moment since we hit the guy pretty hard so he pulls over and waits for the car to come and probably flip out at us and/or get the information. we wait and wait and he never came. so we went to school and lived happily ever after.
0	I rode my bike to the park (very nice neighborhood) with my 2 year old son. I considered not stopping there since there was a group of 6-10 yr old girls having a picnic near the playground. I decided to go ahead and not deprive my son of a fun couple of hours at the park. I'd just keep him on the other side of the play set to avoid any misunderstandings.   About 5 minutes after I showed up, the girls packed their shit and left.  Awesome , I thought,  now I can enjoy this time with my kid without being afraid someone is going to think I'm a creeper . Right? Right!?   Wrong. 10-15 minutes later mom and dad come bearing down on me asking me who I am, why I'm in the park, who my son is, what I did to frighten their daughter and her friends... WHOA!! I calmly tried to explain I was just in the park letting my son play, and that we come to this park a couple of times a week because it's close and his grandparents live in the neighborhood. They weren't listening at all, and I could tell dad wanted to escalate things.   Luckily there was a family setting up for a birthday party near the playground, and the mom came over and told this couple that she had taken note of me as soon as I arrived and hadn't seen me doing anything other than being a good dad playing with his son at the park. God bless that woman, after hearing her talk mom & dad settled down, apologized, and left.   I can't imagine what would have happened if that woman hadn't come to my aid, probably a call to the cops, possibly a physical confrontation, and all in front of my son.
1	actually the jungle is really tough because u have to do a lot of works for the team:     Control your own buff    counter ganks    take oracle as early as possible while u stil have to make ganks an so take risks to loose it   try not to take the kills when u gank a lane   give your mid lane wraiths after 10 minutes in the game (and possibly wolves aswell )   dont fail your smite on dragon / nashor   do a better job at ganking than opposite jungler    performs all that's above while having almost as much gold as the support     ps: i'm a main jungler and i'll keep jungling no matter what
1	First and foremost, I think an important factor is that you have to be  okay  with losing and accepting that losing  is  a very probable outcome. Then, you should aim at having fun and keeping a positive attitude throughout every match - just ignore the ragers (as in, press Tab and ignore them).   If you get in a game stressed and feeling pressured to win, there's also a chance you'll perform poorly because you're putting too much pressure of yourself.
0	Why does exceptional students even need extra resources? I ususally finished way ahead of most students in my class in highschool. Didn't need a teacher to come tell me what to do now because of that. I just asked for the next thing we were gonna work with, or if that wasn't possible (because we were gonna have some introduction or something) I just whent to the library and sat down to read about something that interested me, philosophy, biology, history, sociology or whatever tickled my fancy at the moment. Never really cared for math though, had classmates that did and they just whent ahead, and if they ran into a problem they asked the usual teacher about it. Unless you have a moron for a highschool math teacher he should be able to help with anything that a highschooler might wonder about, even if it is not in the area currently taught. Essentially, I knew how to read, look for and digest knowledge. Didn't need a bunch of fancy resources to do that then.
1	Bcos riven is ridiculously inbalanced,no other hero can build all AD and still be that mobile and difficult to kill, as well as the amount of range she has when she is a melee champ is ridiculous. The Most average riven players can wreck almost anyone on almost any champ, and as such they think they are god's gift to league of legends, they are the most skilled player in the game and you should be thankful that you were gifted the opportunity to have them on your team, or in the other case you should accept your a worthless "Noob who doesn't deserve their elo" or should "sell thier skin" If you are against them and your team can't afford to have the jungle permanently in her lane to avoid her being able to 1 v 29,000000.
1	LOL Omg, yes they have Skype you moron. But they don't have it on the computers they play on when go to tournaments and neither do the amateur players that have been getting ddosd lol. Damn your thick. Also, even if they (the pros/amateurs) use Skype, 9.99999 times out of 10 they'll have a VPN up to stop ddos attempts.
1	You believe whatever you want. He was a player strong enough to be recognized by one of the biggest organizations in Korean LoL eSports, and he would have been the top laner for one of their teams had they decided not to renew his contract since his replacement (Save) is considered by many over their to be one of the best, if not THE best, top laner in the region right now.
1	You got to remember that levels 1-4 the jungle isn't that strong yet. Sure the big creeps are tankier but anyone who could of jungled in season 2 should be able to make it to level 4. Also if it wasn't for hunter's Machete a lot of champions would probably crumble in the new jungle.
0	There's a difference between reposting something from years or even months ago and reposting something that was posted the previous day or something that is still on the front page....   The problem would be solved if more people would post OC in relevant subreddits instead of posting something they found on pinterest or facebook or whatever.  Because those posts on pinterest and facebook CAME FROM REDDIT.
0	I'm a (light) smoker, and there's just a couple of points I would like to bring up to re-iterate them because they are common misconceptions among non-smokers.  I'm also much more conscientious than average, but even I do stupid shit that I know is objectively wrong sometimes.  So do you.  Calm down.   1.) Cigarette butts smell bad.  Really bad.  Way worse than human butts.  If you think smoke smells bad, go pick up a cigarette butt and put it in your pocket, or in a trashcan inside your home.  There is nothing about this that you will be able to tolerate.  Most smokers learn this quickly because they have attempted to be nice to the environment, pinched out their cigarettes, and stuck them in their pockets to put them in a trash can later, and then forgotten about them for several hours.   2.) Smokers today do so under a sphere of shame and guilt in almost all remotely public places.  When someone 100 yards away looks at me and starts coughing while I am smoking, this is ideopathic bullshit.  So we hide while we do our habit.  We find the dark corners, and then we hide our butts when we are done.  This is my general habit if there is no receptacle nearby.  Especially if I am around people who are going to get weird and awkward if they find out I smoke.   3.) The little post things with a hole that a cigarette just barely fits in?  Look, I care about the environment, and I try.  But honestly, a good 50 percent of the time I actually just FAIL at putting the cigarette in the hole.  It falls on the ground.  Sometimes I pick it up if I'm not already in a hurry, sometimes I don't.  Especially when it's -10 outside and my fingers have stopped working from trying to smoke outside.  What works great is ash trays, or buckets of sand.  I prefer buckets of sand.
0	cold hard facts   Ok, I laughed. If Reddit has taught me anything, it's that people can make themselves believe anything.   > Even so, it still isn't legal to infinitely detain citizens, as it wouldn't hold up in court, as the law violates the Constitution.   Your argument doesn't work - you have laws in place that are going against the Constitution as it is - in fact the final quote you replied to - I'm sure the killing of a US citizen without due process goes against the constitution - It runs contrary to constitutional guarantees protecting persons accused of crimes. So please explain to me how this is a 'cold hard fact'   >> One does not simply refuse to assassinate American citizens without due process.   > Are you suggesting that we should have arrested Awlaki? Why didn't we think of that with Bin Laden, too?!   Are you suggeting you are in favour of the assassination of US citizens without due process? Quite interesting.
1	No, I know what this guy is talking about because it happened to me during Sugar Rush. Little Red Riding Annie was legacy, but when i got Annie in an Aram i decided to buy that skin which opened up the store in champ select and let me buy it, BUT I couldn't select it until the next game because the client only displayed the normally available skins in the sliding list.
0	So, this one night a few years ago, me and some friends decided to drive to New York City from RI (about a 4hr drive) because we were bored at like 10pm. Something happens, and me and my girlfriend get into a fight. The neighbors call the cops, who show up, see that nothing major is happening, and leave. By this time, it's like 11pm, we decide to still go to NYC.   We get there at like 3am on a Saturday night. Walk around an empty times square, and stop at some pizza joint for some pizza. We eat about half our pizza, and leave. On the way out, we see a homeless guy, and give him this half a pizza. He praises us about how generous we are, and how we have pure souls, and that no matter what else we do in life, we're getting into heaven. I've been using that as a "get out of jail free" card for like 7 years now. That no matter what, a homeless guy said I was good enough to get into heaven no matter what.
0	Of course, this is also when "choose the most correct answer" comes into play, and somehow A was more correct than B, thus, choosing either C or D is wrong.   Yes, it seems blatantly obvious what the teacher intended. It doesn't solve the problem that we're sweating bullets during exams and really rather not have to figure out whether you're fucking with us or just slipped and made a mistake.
1	I used to main garen, and honestly, at lower elo (<1400) he pretty much stomps because it requires a certain level of skill to counter him (whereas it requires less skill to use him).  However, once you have the necessary skills and the right idea to counter him, playing vs him top is awesome. These are probably the best ways to fight him:   In lane: Teemo, Vlad, and Darius are all great lane counters.   As Teemo, when he uses his q to speed up, you use your w to run away.  Just poke at him all day with auto attacks, be wary of when you are going in for last hits and also when he is, and just never get hit.  Let your poison do work on his ass.  Don't chase him too far to harass him.  Do not enter the brush chasing him, and in general stay away from the brush if he's in it.   As Vlad, same type of deal, just poke him with q and auto attacks all day.  If he q's to come at you, use your blood pool at the last second and keep running.  For both vlad and teemo, be wary of the creep line and try to keep creeps between you two for easier kiteability.   As Darius, make sure you trade properly.  Harass him with your q, try your best not to push creeps but if you do make sure you ward to watch out for jungler.  If he starts his q to fight you, you must start your w and also hit your q before he gets to you.  Then, he will spin to win, do not run.  Just auto attack him.  Once he is done with his spin to win he will turn around because he can't just auto attack trade with you.  This is when you grab him back for another auto attack and another q if possible, chase him for like 1-2 seconds if you have to (this is key, if you do not grab him back he will have won the trade).  Don't chase for too far because his q will likely come back and he'll hit you again for a good chunk of damage then run away.  At this point you've probably won the trade, and he won't go near the creeps for a while because if he does you'll probably kill him.  At level 6, employ the same strategy then ult his ass for the kill.   In teamfights: If you're ranged, just walk away from him.  If he uses his q, cc him and walk away.  His q will run out, and you will be fine.  If you're a tank, cc him to help peel, then walk past him and ignore him.  Once his speed boost from q is down, unless he is standing right next to you (which if you are ranged and can position, he shouldn't be) he will be pretty useless.  Once his spin to win is used up which if you cc'd him he shouldn't hit you with it, he has no damage.  Carry on with the fight.   Typically if garen is not picked as a counter pick, at higher elo's he will be punished hard.  The other comment about akali is also accurate, although I don't play akali myself.  Another champ that can at least be ok vs garen is riven, but that requires a very high level of skill (coming from the brush, stunning, avoiding silence and dashing before it goes up, etc..)
1	Your request isn't an easy one to answer. Because basically what you want to prove is entertainment is good for society, and technology has increased the forms and delivery methods of entertainment that are available.   So the quote you want in this case shouldn't be one which proves that technology is directly a good thing for society, you want a quote that proves that technology has improved/increased/diversified the forms of entertainment that exist and you'll need some other evidence to support your claim that entertainment is good for society (I am not so sure that this is 100% true mind you, but I digress).   From this point of view, I believe you would be better of quoting numbers instead of a "catch phrase". For instance, you could find the articles that quote how many viewers watched the Season 2 World Championship Finals (wasn't it like 8,000,000+ viewers?), or you may want to quote the number of active LoL players around the globe or the number of hours of LoL played every X period of time. You might want to look at some streaming stats and quote how at any given time there are tens of thousands of viewers watching streams that regular people broadcast from their own house.   If you want to prove that technology is good for society because it provides job opportunities and use LoL as an example, you could talk about how the LCS hires these e-Sports players or how many people live purely off the income they get from their streams.   If you want to prove that technology brings people closer together, you could talk about a number of things I've already covered, or about how it brings people out to these live events like PAX or Gamescom or the World Finals. Or how people will even organize local viewing parties where people line up around the block just to get a chance to watch some games with other people who share a passion for this game.
0	I imagine this will get down voted to oblivion, but I don't mind.   Mind you, I'm not an expert, but this is why I don't particularly care about the issue and am frustrated with reddit's general stance.   We as citizens basically sat around and watched the Patriot Act go through will moderate fuss, which basically is the key in what allowed this to happen and why so many in the government on both sides allowed it to happen and said nothing in protest. We've known this is happening for year, but chose to ignore it until it was thrust in our faces. All of a sudden we throw a hissy fit.   Are there parts where things maybe weren't done properly and someone taking advantage of the information at their disposal? Most likely, but where hasn't there been? You are dealing with human nature here. MN recently had a case were an employee accessed the personal information of hundreds of people without official reasons. These things happen.   Privacy is dead, and this has been known for years by many. The more interconnected we get and the more we use and depend on technology, the more we sacrifice privacy. That won't change unless we rise as a collective whole, not against the government, but against the tech giants. In the world we live in today, we basically have to deal with the privacy terms they give us, with no other options often.   Lastly, even if the government goes all V for Vendetta - esque I could care less. In the struggle of the few vs the many, the people will always succeed in the end. If they want to go down that road, let them try.
1	I'd say it doesn't look legit, you have to press enter after you check/uncheck a role (no to big of the issue but makes me a little wary) also it seems out dated as it still uses secondary role as a search which riot doesn't do anymore.   >WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT SUPPORT IT WILL BE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY CONTENT RELATED TO PRODUCTS ON THIS SITE.   looks like if it gets damaged on the way they wont do much, also it states you may get viruses from the website and it might not even be that accurate to how the champions look.   >You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Site or the Service. If you are under the age of 18, you must have your parent’s permission to use the Site or the Service   > You agree that LoLomod may at any time without notice: move, change, or suspend any part of the Site or the Service; or refuse to accept your designed character or fulfill any order, or any part of any order if, in LoLomod’ sole discretion, you fail to comply with any of these Terms or if a competent regulatory authority requires us to do so.   So they could claim you didn't have parents permission and refuse to serve you last minuet without telling you if you are under 18.
1	the big thing thats the difference between low elo and high elo is that one little misstep looses you the game.   guess what no runes/masteries is a misstep, you have an huge disadvantage at high elo cause of this, in low elo people make so many mistakes (both teams) and no one really punishes these mistakes. i've seen challenger games lost cause one guy was at one point one step to far (literly one teemo distanz) and that lost the game for him. in low elo you can do that and nothing happens.   yes high elo player can win vs a low elo player without runes/masteries but that they can just because the skill difference is just to high, its basicly your skillshots are never gona hit and for him its like you run into his skillshots
0	English major here! I chose the major because a) English was (and still is) my favorite subject. I'm good at it and I love to read and b) it gives you a broad education and teaches you a vitally important (and often overlooked) skill: how to write.   I have tons of options with my degree. Although, most of them involved going to some form of grad school. Personally, I wanted to be able to help people in a 1 on 1 way, so I've recently applied and gained acceptance to a social work grad school program.   What I liked most about my major is that it gave me time to decide what I wanted to do. I had no idea what career I wanted when I was in high school. Or when I was a freshman. Or a sophomore or junior. When I finally figured it out, my well-rounded major was just what I needed to be accepted into the program.
0	Guys when they start approaching women have to realise two things and once they get that in their head, they will be fine for the rest of their lives:   When you pick mint and chocolate ice cream over vanilla ice cream. The vanilla ice cream is not butt hurt about it.   Not everyone is buying what you are selling, but if you don't sell it, no one can buy it.   Here comes the explanation:   When someone picks mint ice cream, this doesn't make vanilla ice cream taste any worse than it did previously, it doesn't make vanilla ice cream any less valuable and doesn't make it's existence pointless. Vanilla ice cream doesn't keep thinking about it afterwards.   Same goes with women, when a woman says i'm not interested. This does not lower your value as a person. You should have confidence to know you are worth it, if that particular person isn't interested, just think well seems I wasn't the flavor she likes and move on. It shouldn't cause you pain because it didn't "remove" anything from you and doesn't invalidate you in any way.   For the second principle, it comes from the psychology of sales. Essentially, if you do not try to sell your product, your chances of selling it is 0% (unless faith has someone come along and make you an offer you can't refuse). Any attempt on your part to sell a product nets you the same chance as if you are not + a little something based on your experience and unique product offering.
1	The answer is: There is no "GoTo" anymore. I really like what Riot did here because they changed Heal/Barrier/Ignite/Exhaust/Cleanse to a point where every one of them can be used effectively in Botlane. I can even see an Exhaust(Support)/Ignite(ADC) combination for a heavy kill lane working out if executed properly.   I'm trying to think of a common used setup among ADCs but there are just too many variables to be considered now. Just a few I can think of right now: Enemy Support+ADC, enemy Mid/Top/Jungle, overall enemy team composition, your Support/ADC, your Laners, your overall team composition, your gameplan (laneswaps, mid or lategame orientation). If you keep thinking about it there are even more I guess.
0	They're pretty evil to merchants, and send money out of your local economy to middle men in the US.  Admittedly they are a necessary evil for some, but if you must, at least use visa or MasterCard instead of AMEX who charge through the roof for their service.
0	Good for you OP, I was in the same situation with my Ex and have come to accept that I should have done something sooner. I'm now in therapy and trust me, everyday is hard. I was verbally and emotionally harassed and abused on a near daily basis. It sucked, and what's worse was that I was living in China with her... It was very hard to get away since everyone in her family belongs to the communist party of China. She has threatened me so many times to the point that I was scared for my life. I'm scared of what her family could do to me if things escalated further. As a foreign, we have little rights in China with so many corrupt officials and her father even has access to a database to access the whereabouts of foreigners in China.   I left for my safety and I'm never going back to Inner Mongolia and I still fear what the future holds for me there when I return to school this summer in Hangzhou. It's been since August and she still harasses me by calling from different phone numbers and hacking into my Weixin accounts and creating fake accounts to spam me with. She is even demanding money from me "or else..."   Trust me, I'm still very scared of her and her family. But there's no reason anyone should go through what I'm going through. I consider myself strong enough to get through this, but when I explained this to my therapist, she nearly had a heart attack from my stories.   I wish you the best of luck and I wish you have a speedy recovery. I know I have many more months of therapy ahead and that my trust in women won't be back for a while, not before my self-confidence comes back at least.
1	You are right, especially on that last point. I still think korea is a bit stronger overall. And I still don't understand what happened to Dade (ok his champion pool got nerfed, but if he's such a good player he should be able to pick new champions up imho).   Also, what I meant about MVP o, was that though they were 3rd in summer OGN, I felt like their games were a lot less clean than in spring OGN (eg. 3/2 close win against frost). I wouldn't say I predicted them not to get out of group stage, but my expectations weren't as high as they were before that.
1	You have to take into consideration that now, that with clamping the system has a fixed amount of LP given out. That means, that for every player, artificially XYZ points were given out. Those points can be earned by winning, whether you start in Diamond or Silver, the amount varies. And lost by losing, while they just transfer to other players or, simply due to inactivity, while they go back to the pool that can be given out to players.   And there comes the tricky thing: the MMR system with this made it, that people would lose or win the same amount of the hidden ELO (MMR) while only getting or losing a percentage of LP. That means, that someone who'd lose as Diamond 1 against Bronze V, would just lose 3 LP as usual. But 3 D1 LP are worth way, way more than 3 LP in Bronze V. And here's the thing. You'd lose 3 LP, but the MMR behind it? 2500 lost against 500? Lets take off XYZ of his MMR.   Now you have a gap: Since the MMR is slow as heck, you will Still win your 1/2 LP per win, even though, in a different league, the LP is much more or less worth, depending if you are master/challenger or lower than Diamond.   With the introduction of Master tier, this whole clamping was gone, and so the 'skill level' could be showed more openly. Diamond 1 was the best league, and those who couldn't make it to challenger would be stuck there. Now think about it for a second. You have 200 people in challenger, while maybe 300, 400, 500 even belong there.   Their LP is worth so much more than those of someone in Silver. They didn't have, artificially like you had, 700 LP worth. NOW with master, your 700 LP worth are 700 LP. They just take out LP from the system, which means, since there aren't people anymore that might even be pro stand in D1 99 LP, or that guy that casually is really good or had massive luck next to each other at 98 LP, you actually have a league for those. Without the clamping, D1 50-100 LP is now basically D3-1.
1	Lee retreated towards jng   Lee had more HP/Boxbox near death   Lee is  most likely  thinking: "I can execute Jase with Q > Q"   Boxbox due to experience/skill/clairvoyance guesses/predicts what Lee is planning (above)     = Boxbox outplays Lee because he knows what Lee will do. Jukes the Q with Flash and comboes Lee to death. edit: formatting
0	oh my god, youre me. Im you. We are each other. The worst part is... I tried to take her to prom. I went all out and not in a cheesey limo way. Rather, I planned an entire day leading up to the prom night. We were always making up games for one another and, at the time, she had a particular predilection for a certain candy that I really liked and always stole from her. Since I knew the combination to her locker, I began my planting a note card with a series of objections in a scavenger hunt style which ultimately lead to a box of those candies and a necklace I had made (not bragging, but really the only thing I was good at in high school was art). She had a lot of fun and she wore it when I picked up her from her house.   Our friends and I had also planned to have a group dinner before prom and then all go together in a friend's band van that was retro fit with benches, chandelier and other such classy decorum. I had made sure to personally cook her favorite meal (with enough for everyone, cuz that was the deal). She bought a pint of my favorite ice cream for us - so that cool... even though I'd do anything for her blueberry pie and she knew that(make the jokes. do it).   after dinner, we ride to the prom and she disappears. I spend the evening dancing here and there, mostly just hanging out with my group of friends and socializing with everyone else. Mean while she cant be bothered to spend a minute with me - not even a dance. I didn't even end up taking her home, she left with someone else.  Well it turns out that she had drank with someone and was too embarrassed to tell me and avoided me. sure. ok. cool. (found out YEARS later, she just blew the dude and then he couldn't get it up later that night) I stopped trying as hard after that... which was great for me. She then tried harder to get me to chase after her, which always worked because frankly she was my best and I was deeply infatuated with her.  The thing is, I knew her since the 5th grade and we were immediately inseparable. We'd been thru a lot and it wasn't until 10th grade that we both realized we had feelings for one another, by that time we were both dating other people. 11th grade, we were both single and then the next two years were just fucked up cat and mouse games. I was the mouse.   Eventually I just stopped talking to her. Broke off all contact.  That is... until we reconnected after she had a heart to hear with me and so I had visited her in undergrad (she was a few hours away at a different university). After her drunkenly making out with several guys and taking one back to her dorm (where i was staying and where my stuff was)... i figure, "sure, ok. she'll finish up and i'll have still have a place to crash".   NOPE. cold night, right around 40's with wind making it feel even worse...and I dont know ANYONE ELSE in the entire small town, its 3am and the bars are closed. It's a small college town and I couldn't find any 24 hour places within walking distance, the house parties were already waking and kicking out people (and its not great from some random drunk/high dude to amble up to a random house and try to pass out in it.)   Eventually, after hanging out by her dorm's door, I snagged the door as someone left. i knocked on her door and asked for my car keys. She didnt answer. I knocked a little louder. she opened the door, covered in a blanket.       "hey sorry! can i get my keys, i can pass out in my car"  "what the fuck is your poblem!?" she slams the door. then the dude she brought back opens it and starts to curse me out as I see her crying in the background. I get pissed and flip out on the guy. Im not a big person (5'10 and 140lbs probably less back then), im not a threatening person... but my family is a family of loud aggressive yellers and i know how to clearly assert my goal. The guy apparently immediately understood that i dont give a fuck who is, unless he raped her... which i doubt since she's apparently known as a giant slut now and that all i want is my backpack and car keys.   A few months after that, she drunkenly confessed her love to me. I couldn't reply. I just walked away. some weeks after that, she had asked that i give her back a guitar amp that she sold me (which she got for free) so her brother could use it... because, "youre not very good at guitar anyway and he needs its for his band".  Last i heard, she had dropped out and was working at a chain of crappy bakery/bistros as a cookie/cake decorator (thaw the frozen cookies/cakes that come in and apply icing).   I've found out that she had successfully sabotages atleast 4 relationships with girls I had dated since senior year of high school. Scumbag stacey had used fake myspaces and facebooks, random voicemails from throwaway phones and rumors upon rumors. Hell, she took middle school love notes I wrote her (when I first had a crush on her - in the 6th grade) and tried to pass them off as very recent mail correspondence). She had also very nearly ended some friendships with my guy friends and did end up getting me fired from two jobs. A few of my close guy friends have also been hurt... like nearly committed suicide hurt ... because of her sociopathic manipulation of people.   Turns out I met my future wife through her and we've been happily married for 8 years. so thank you scumbag stacey, for scaring off the other 4 or 5 girls i had dated and to introducing me to my wife and best friend.
0	Morality   >We made the decision ourselves, because of our  natural morality , to punish those who rape and kill and steal and to reward and praise those who do good. God had nothing to do with it.   There is no such thing as natural morality. What is this even supposed to mean ? Under genghis khan thousand were raped, millions murdered that was normal an a non issue for them. They had different natural morality i suppose? Who defines this natural morality? The Nazis were euthanizing entire races. Was this their natural moralitly? Iam not sure you even understand the moral dilemma Atheists face. There is no guideline for good or bad. You say:   >So no, I don't have a dilemma. I think rape is bad because I want good things for all my fellow humans, and being raped is not something I wish upon them.   What does this mean you want good things for all people? What are good things? Who defined good things? Rape is not good? How so ? In animals rape is common, are these "bad" animals? Where do you draw the arbitrary line? I dont think you understand what morals without god means. If you would have bin born in mongolia under Khan you would have raped your way through eastern europe without questioning it a second, this would have been your  morals  . Morals how you define them are jsut arbitrary temporary rules. Right?   Cause of the universe   >The proper question, of course, would be "How did the universe come to be?" Scientists have a certain amount of knowledge, currently dating back to a certain point in the history of the universe (astrophysics was never something I read much about, so I don't know specifics, of course). It is a question being explored in-depth, and amazingly, nothing that has been found has indicated the involvement of a supernatural deity. The popular follow-up to this is, of course, "Well who caused the Big Bang?" and the answer is obviously that we do not know right now. We don't know what happened before that, if there even WAS a "before that," but to conclude that lack of knowledge = deity only reinforces the notion that God is the god of rapidly dwindling gaps of knowledge.
0	College football is all about the Saturday. Yeah, sure it is not socially acceptable to start drinking at 7am and continue all day. Add a dash of college football, and BLAM, normalcy.
1	As a Silver V player who was stuck in bronze for 1,5 seasons I'd like some coaching. My biggest problem is that I'm too greedy and go on tilt waaaaay too easily. My MMR is pretty high for Silver V (~+35lp per win, ~-9lp per lose) and I went from Bronze I to Silver V without promo's. I'm just too scared(?) to play rank because of every match I think it is a very important moment, which it really isn't. Please hit me up if you want to genuinly help me!   EDIT:
0	I am a liberal and a vegetarian.  I stand with you on this one, though.  My being a vegetarian has always been a matter of My Own Damn Business (exception being now, to demonstrate support), and I have always felt that hunters got a bad rep for what I find to be the most humane, natural, and generally decent way to eat meat.  In fact, I'd say that my vegetarianism is more along the lines of "I don't eat what I don't kill, and I've never been hunting."   I generally downvote "College Liberal" memes, because overwhelmingly I simply don't believe the writer has met anyone who acts or believes as described.  The truth is, though, that a lot of kids in college think they've cracked the code on life, and have realized a level of morality that their forebears never thought of, and this is particularly the case in students of my own political leanings.  They jump to conclusions, as all people tend to do, based on too little information.  As they say, a little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
1	I should have rephrased the line about him being an upgrade. My point is that many people assume that he's inferior but if he was inferior in every aspect he wouldn't have been chosen - there was enough for TSM to believe he was 'better' than Xpecial in one way or another. As you've pointed out a lot of things imply that TSM will perform worse but we have no true indication aside from player opinions. I'm just providing counterarguments to the assumption that they'll 'obviously' be worse, because I believe there's a similar amount of evidence that they'll be better   my
1	Twitch [00:03:35] shut up  Twitch [00:03:41] you call mid  Twitch [00:03:44] then die for fb that easily  Twitch [00:03:45] please quit  Thresh [00:03:52] k ill feed if u want  Dr. Mundo [00:03:56] thanks tryn  Tryndamere [00:04:00] np  Twitch [00:04:00] you already are.  Thresh [00:04:08] and im srry that mundo can clear faster  Twitch [00:04:16] sorry ur fucking ad thresh mid  Twitch [00:04:21] get reported fucker  Miss Fortune [00:04:24] e  Jayce [00:05:19] re  Syndra [00:05:57] re  Twitch [00:06:00] ..  Taric [00:06:01] fuk  Twitch [00:06:10] you're terrible
0	Thanks for the
0	Ive had this happen and i swear it touched my asshole. I freaked the fuck out and started looking up stuff about porta pottys and std's. Im terrified of catching a disease from a public bathroom even though i know its SUPER improbable.
0	2nd point is only relevant because of the 1st point.   If I owned a shop and declared all sales will contribute to helping the relief fund over there, yes I will get more people. If they asked me how much and I tell them 10%, I wouldn't be lying. I'm still making money from it, as well as garnering more attention to attract more potential buyers. Not to mention any long term customers.   The point is that point #2 only comes into play because of how little of a portion I'm willing to give.   >Good charities keep that percentage of dollar to donee really high. Bad charities don't and keep more of it for themselves whether by gross inefficiency or greed.   In effect she is a bad charity middle person. Yes, money does go to the target goal. Something less than 10% of sales. Why is this bad?   Using my shop example, because its not about the Philippines, its about getting more long term customers with warm and happy thoughts (about giving to charity) and when those warm and happy thoughted customers talk to others about my shop, they will have warm and happy words. What I'm saying is help the islands over there. What I'm doing is profiting. There's discontinuity that is happening.   What is she selling? Her image, her as a brand name. What shes doing is exploitive.   >How is that her fault? Any donation made by anyone follows the same process. International Medical Corps is in the same tier as the American Red Cross so unless you're getting your panties in a twist at those donating to Red Cross there is no argument here.   Its not, #2 was there to support point #1 on how little she actually giving as compared to what she is getting.   >You can argue that she has more money and should donate more or whatever. But to say she is doing less than nothing because the charity she is giving to is going to use some of that money on something other supplies is ridiculous. She's still donating 10% of the eBay sales. That's not nothing no matter how much you don't like her.   Its not that because she has more money she should donate more, its that she donated so little in order to make more money.   >Can you argue she should be doing more because of her financial situation? Sure, absolutely. But don't say it's nothing, she's donating money (probably more than you and I) to a cause that doesn't affect her. It might not be out of the goodness of her heart as much as publicity (which apparently backfired) but at the end of the day 10% of the sales are going to that charity and no one has been misled about that.   I didn't say anything about being misled. I didn't say it was nothing. You are saying that I did. In fact I think where you got that idea was...   >In this case, shes only promising 10%. Of that number it then goes to an actual charity that cuts the end purchase value to the donees to a much smaller number.
1	Now I'm no longer on a mobile, and thank god for that.   What I'm trying to get across is that rank =/= your game knowledge   Even in Silver, I know timers, spawns, popular ward spots and how to get around them, but I tend to not apply that in a game because I'm either nervous or forget.   This does not mean that I'm a good player, in fact, I have enough big mess ups to believe I'm IN silver.   My mechanical knowledge isn't very solid (I miss way more CS than I should, I do tend to fuck up combos from time to time, I also have bad grouping habits sometimes), and as such, belong in silver.   That doesn't mean I know nothing about the game, because I do.  I know what items are good for who, why, and map knowledge like spawn timers, matchup potential, and strong warding spots.  I'm still not diamond, but I can think like the diamond players do on the spot   "So yes, you need to be at least diamond or challenger to have a correct opinion."   Like I said before, Montecristo, who is platinum, had a opinion of who would win AND was consistently more correct than two actual diamond players.  A lot of the balance team even happens to not be diamond and challenger, but they still balance the game.  You know why?  Because they have a lot of experience with the game to be informed.   When you see sports analysts (and mind you, LoL is an E-sport), they don't have to be big league players themselves, they just have to know the game enough to make predictions, and analyze plays.  Nobody ever calls them out for being good players if they are or not.   It's experience that matters.  You could be bronze V, watch every single LCS game, and still have formed an opinion.  Does it make that guy right?  Not exactly, but being bronze V doesn't make him wrong by default.
0	When I was really young and naive, well not that young, I was once dating a girl whose dad was a defense contractor. I went up to their place, near Washington D.C. on a long Holiday weekend. I was chilling outside, and I saw a prominent member of congress approach the house of a prominent member of the executive branch, who always seemed at each other's throats on TV. This was during the Bush presidency.   I got really excited, and said "OMG, they hate each other so much they are going to go at it on a Holiday? This is what clashes of opinions are all about, can't wait to see if they argue on their front porch!"   The girl's dad just starts laughing. I was like, what I'm sure you've seen this a bunch, but for me, I get to see government in action, how it really happens! Then he laughed even harder. They hugged, and headed out to their back porch, and ate catered food together, laughing, joking and drinking.
0	I saw a couple making out today and as I walked in there direction they stopped, the girl looked at me and then kissed the guy again. As I walked passed them they stop again and she turns and and says hi to me. Turns out I went to school with her, it felt pretty awkward and hilarious at the same time
0	Yeah and all of the people who worked at those stores basicaly were welcomed to hell.
1	I'd say it has more to do with the current FOTM. Assassins seem to be big right now, so we see them more as well as a lot of CC to help them do their job. Some picks, like Shen and Karthus, are inherently strong because of their kits; the only way that they would fall out of favor is Riot remaking them, which isn't going to happen.   We didn't see many assassins at all at S2 Worlds even though many popular champions (Eve, Diana, Kat) were just as powerful then as they are now, if not more so. The DFG was significantly more powerful then, too. The only significant difference between the S2 Worlds patch and the Elise patch are the new champs and nerfs to Sona (giving her less effective level 1 health than a melee minion), Ezreal, and a few others. Leona, a popular pick at Worlds, has barely been picked at all at IPL despite the fact that she hasn't changed a bit while Ezreal and Sona are still seen pretty often despite their nerfs.
1	Yep. Such fear mongering about Heroes of the Storm, which from my experience with it, is not going to come close to tanking League or any modes therein.   This reminded me vaguely of when new MMOs come out and everyone takes to the forums to insist the new game is going to jam a steak in WoW's heart and finally end it. Never happens.   Just like WoW is in the MMO genre, League is  the  MOBA and it is pretty safe, as is Dominion. Does Dominion need work? For sure. Is it still fun? You bet. It'll get there. It hasn't been forgotten.   I am quite sure and have been since ARAM was moved to Howling Abyss and integrated into Freljord that the Crystal Scar is going to move to Shurima (And as I predicted, Skarner was moved to Shurima to establish important rivalries with other Shuriman champions that he previously lacked in entirety, not to mention Nasus, Sivir, Renekton, Xerath and major ties were drawn to Cassiopeia and thus Noxus's influence).   However, it won't be for a while. I think what happened was the Summoner's Rift update took longer than anticipated (and rightfully so), and this pushed back Dominion's visual upgrade and move from Kalamanda (a place which had no reason to even exist and featured one isolated champion) to Shurima (a zone rich with champions, storylines, and plot potential..at least recently).   In saying all this, I think we just need to be patient. Once Summoner's Rift is completed, this leaves the entire environmental design team to shift their focus to the only visually outdated map: Crystal Scar.   Only only concern is that they will place seasonal skins for Rift as a higher priority to Crystal Scar. I doubt that will happen, though.
1	we all have bad games, we all have trolls, we all have feeders, we all have ragers, even more so since the new season. the difference is.. we dont all make reddit posts about it.   if you cant carry yourself out of bronze then thats where you belong.   as frustrated as i get almost every game, it is honestly better to shut up and concentrate on your own play, the 5 seconds it takes you to type your line of flame is 5 seconds you are not farming, not harrasing, not giving pressure. just shut up and move on.   'i know there is xPeke and blah' lmao sit down.. spain is hardly a world apart   and about the age gate.. it seems to me, that if you are the one getting mad as fuck over 'kids' then you are the one that needs parental controls.
0	Question here: why is this an okay thing? I mean if you have a gay friend you painted x, why is it more valuable (on reddit) than if your straight friend did? Why does reddit go bat shit insane for gay rights? I mean, it's great, trust me I am very much pro-gay but then when I see reddit accuse OP of faggotry it pisses me off. We have images and gifs too, and it's the same narrow minded shit spewing as always, simply cause OP lied, reposted etc. A piece of shit by any other name is still shit, so let's at least try to play nice :)
1	This. I'm very much against toxicity, I really am. I hate it when things become personal and people can't acknowledge their errors and flame instead. BUT this really is playful banter/mental warfare without hurting anyone. I played as Singed against an AD Nidalee top in a ranked once (somehow he was plat IV when i was in my promo to gold IV). I got ganked and gave away FB, but I wouldn't let that drag me down. I'm a good spirit and kept on. I asked our jungler for a gank which never came, and i died multiple times because 3 people came top (once singed gets RoA and Ult you pretty much can't kill him anymore as nid). So this went on 3 or 4 times while the rest of my team stomped their lanes because I had all the pressure (even though i was not worth anything). While this went on I went ahead and asked nidalee what happened to her farm (i was leading by 10cs because I was proxying). This frustrated said plat player so much, he afk'ed in base and proceeded to shittalk his team.
1	In league, you pick the strongest champion, because there is a definitive strongest one. In Dota, you pick any champion so long as it works well with your team and counters the enemy team. The lack of synergy and countering and League means every champ in the same role does the same job, so whoever does that one job best is the strongest.   Basic evidence. There have recently been Dota tournaments leading up to their world championship. In those tournaments, only about 6 heroes were unplayed (not counting the 5-6 disallowed for various reasons). We have never seen anything like that in League, and we never will.
0	The comments on this post will certainly be a string of SAP's telling you to make a move.  And you need to, despite the inherent hypocrisy in such comments.  It doesn't have to be anything major - just a kiss on the cheek, or an arm around her waist.  You can do it man - if you have to, have a drink or two to loosen up first.   That all said, this redditor recently stopped believing that a girl can "friend zone" a dude.  It's something a man does to himself.  Think about the last time you were in the friend zone.  If someone hypothetically asked the girl, "Why have you and SAP never hooked up?" She won't answer, "I friendzoned him."  Her answer will probably be, "we are just friends."  There is a subtle difference, but it's an important one.  She likely thought of you as a friend because you never offered her any alternative, and now isn't attracted to you romantically anymore (if she ever was).   There is a reason for the mass delusion out there that women are only interested in assholes.  Assholes often have traits that women find attractive, in that they are usually assertive, interesting, and confident.  A non-asshole can also be these things - seriously, give it a try.  You'd be surprised at the results you get.
1	Pretty sure after 1600 games played (I'm assuming they are ranked or what's the point in mentioning them in a thread about solo ELO) he is right where he needs to be on the ELO scale. Which isn't a bad thing. I like to think of it as the different leagues in StarCraft 2. Silver players play other silver player, diamond vs other diamond, etc. Granted, you can't compare Blizzard's matchmaking system to Riot's, but with an ELO matchmaking system, people play with people of similar skill levels after 100-200 games. The problem comes from people who think they are better than they actually are. I don't just mean the complaining about "ELO hell". I more importantly mean that they start using "ELO hell" as an excuse for losing; therefore, stop trying to improve and just blame the system. If your team isn't buying wards, you don't have a jungler, not sending the whole team to dragon,  etc., the enemy team has just as much of a chance to have the same problems.
1	I think this comes down to matchup - helping out a 2/0 Jayce is not worth it if they have a 2/0 Vayne  But if it is a Jax? Then yea, go for it.  Also this comes down to lanes - top is very snowbally, so if you get them two kills they should nearly always win their lane; there isn't much reason to go back after that unless it is for a countergank  For mid you have to understand who you can gank and who you can't - it's rarely worth trying to gank a Morgana, for instance, but a Morde is a must gank in the early levels. It's rarely worth ganking for a Karthus, as he can just farm, but an Ahri may really need them kills early to 100-0 someone in a teamfight  Bot lane depends on the matchup, but it is always worth going down there a few times. Ultimately, the AD is the most important person on your team, and getting him ahead is always getting your team ahead. You should especially help out when your support has an easy set up for you - Zyra ult, Taric stun, Vayne condemn etc. Also remember that whenever you are bot you are near dragon, and any clean kill can be converted into 1k gold for your team, which benefits everyone
0	When I see my friends from high school quit university/college or skip out on school entirely to promote these kind of things, sometimes I become confused about what I am doing with my life. I'm a 3rd year university student and school ain't cheap. It can be stressful and make u wonder why the hell are u doing this at all. Not everyone can do the school things and I'm glad that some of my friends that they aren't in school are making an effort to make money and create a future. The problem is they join these things because when they hear the dollars they could make, their eyes light up and they get sucked into it. They promote it to me constantly, and tell me about the typical 'friend' that makes some large figure of money and will retire soon. I don't believe in these schemes but as more and more of people I know join these kind of things, I just wonder sometimes if what I'm doing in school is even fucking worth it. What if they do become the exception and make large sums of cash while I leave school with a piece of paper and debt? Sometimes I wonder if it's actually better on the flip side. Shit like this doesn't help.   edit:
0	It's true! Fact of the matter is when people respond to, say, an improper use of the word "their" or its homophones with nothing more than  >*there   then of course no one's going to appreciate it. When I see someone make a mistake in grammar or in spelling, and feel brave enough to want to tell them, I go all out. I let them know I'm not trying to appear rude, and try to politely tell them where their grammar/spelling is wrong, and what the correct use is. More often than not it's received well.
1	I would think it's to avoid the world of warcraft battleground issue, where people edit their game files so that they run out of base way before everyone has loaded. Imagine you team was the slow loading and you run into jungle just to find 5 players waiting for you. Obviously you will say "then ban those who do it"... You just end up creating more responcibility than benefit, which riot will avoid.
0	I agree that what you are saying is a part of the problem. For instance it is impossible for the original good guy Greg meme to be a female because of the way society treats the two sexes.   However I feel it is important to put this meme in context. We already have a Good Guy Greg who relates to things that are either male or neutral. The addition of Good Girl Gina naturally does not trump the existing meme so Good Girl Gina only relates to things that are female. The important point to understand is that Good Girl Gina only relates to things that are done by good people and females.   Given this Good Girl Gina is a representation of how people perceive the differences between males and females. I think it is an encouraging sign that people seem to believe the only difference between males and females is sex.
0	I follow conspiracy theories avidly. Not because I subscribe to them but because I find it interesting how little information and sources people (including myself) need to take something as gospel.   I remember when I was a naive young teen with the relatively unregulated early noughties internet at my fingertips and abovetopsecret.com was one of my regular ports of call.  I remember the feeling I got when I'd look through countless pictures of rubble from 9/11, overlaid with arrows and text added with MSPaint and I'd think to myself "Wow, this all adds up, why isn't everyone more open minded? The people here are so CSI!". I'd feel smug that I was one of the minority that "got it". I wasn't going to let the neo-cons/illuminati/mole-people/baby-eating shadow government fool me. Well it turns out they didn't. But a long line of trolls, con-artists and (in hindsight) people potentially suffering from schizophrenia certainly did.   I don't think I'm smarter than the people who buy these theories nor did I figure out how misguided I was through any innate intelligence. I was just lucky enough to be surrounded by family, teachers and peers who would remind me that I, like everyone else, don't know everything and never will and of how easy it is to get "sucked in".
0	i know too many girls who would get soaked if i said "wreck it"
1	His end build was:   Boots   2x Doran's blade   1x Doran's shield   Botrk
0	Otherwise, you're going to have to be more creative in your sales pitch.   And then people get offended when you are "more creative", because now you are manipulating them.
0	While i do agree it doesnt seem like that big of a deal we cant know for sure, I used to go to church with someone just to be there with them (Im an athiest) and i wouldnt do much there but then when someone figured out i was an athiest I was basically looked down upon by everyone and it became terrible going to church, it felt like being the kid in school who no one liked or wanted there. Moral is it could actually be a pretty big thing for him to go, although i dont think sexual favors should really ever be used in bargaining, kinda ruins the point.
1	Now you have played Dota 2 (I play both LoL and Dota 2, don't have a favorite either) you will likely have noticed that many champions in LoL are based on champions from Dota, this isn't exactly stealing since Guinsoo was once the lead designer of Dota. But it is a little disappointing because many of the champions in Dota don't necessarily fit into LoL's style.   Riot have, at least in the last 2 years or so, designed champions to fit a certain role, they even admit to it themselves. i.e "we will be adding another support champion soon" This is part of the problem in some aspects. By building a character to fit a role you are essentially limiting them and the overall meta. Sure some people will find some odd way to use them but they will generally be in the minority. I find it funny that Riot are so against a role select option when they pretty much enforce these roles themselves.   In Dota the champions are just built mainly to the theme of the character design. It's left to the players to find where they fit in. This tends to leave them with some pretty quirky kits and the meta in Dota tends to be more open. As an example there is a champion in Dota (Lifestealer) who can hide in the bodies of his allies and enemies, making him insanely fun to gank with (hide in a creep, until it gets to lane and SURPRISE  old video:  and you thought Fiddle was an asshole) but his kit isn't made for him to specifically be a Jungler and because of this he is also a great carry, can be a great tank too if you want, you could even play him as a viable support.   LoL aims to be a simpler game than Dota so in some aspects it's understandable, I just wish they wouldn't make the champions quite so focused.   I recently took a break from LoL and returned to it about 2-3 weeks ago. I left about when Varus came out and out of the new champions since then (14) there is only 4 I am interested in. One of which is Vi, I find it quite odd that you would single her out because compared to the others she is one of the most interesting of the newer champs, but then many of the new champs are riffs of old Dota ones (Nami/Naga Siren, Elise/Broodmother) This isn't exactly new for LoL (Rumble/Timbersaw, Cassiopeia/Medusa, Ursa/Bloodseeker/Warwick, Corki/Gyrocopter to name just a few) but for a while they had stopped doing it, it's a shame to see them go back to it. The rest just seem to be a mix of old champions and new tricks. Couple of examples, Fiora is a lot like Yi, Diana is a more tanky Akali, Quinn is pretty much Ashe meets Vayne. etc.   This is bound to happen when you are creating champs to a schedule so regularly. People simply run out of ideas. I think Riot once said that once they hit 100 champs they would slow down the production. This would have been great to see, champs would then spend a lot more time in planning and people would be given time to have new ideas. While it has slowed a little bit it's not by enough. We need a period of no new champs and just balancing/reworking of old champs. Let the designers recharge their creativity for a bit.
1	Claiming that Riot only balances based on competitive play is flat out wrong. Do you really think they are ignoring 99.9% of their customers entirely? The reason it seems like Riot balances based on competitive play, is because competitive play is the closest you can get to seeing the true power level of each individual champion.   If a champion still seems way overpowered when someone's playing them vs five of the best League players in the world, then that champion probably IS overpowered. Someone going 30-0 on Akali in Bronze 2 is obviously irrelevant when Riot think about balancing their game.   basically, Riot don't balance based on any particular skill level, they balance based on how powerful each champion each relative to the other, assuming completely equal skill levels, as well as taking into consideration the wishes and opinions of the community. professional level play is the closest you can get to truly equal skill levels, thus the balance changes seem to reflect the way the pros play the game
1	I think one piece of advice some people have not mentioned yet is this:   There are others like yourself, that want to get better or declare to be in "Elo Hell" so decide to have the mentality that they need to carry the entire team every single game in order to move up in the ELO rankings.   I hover around 1400-1500 and find this type of person a lot. They normally call for a position and give themselves an unnecessary burden of trying to shoulder the entire game based on their sole performance to win the match. Sure it wins sometimes, but from my experience it seems that some of these players just crack under pressure and when they do, they start to make bad calls and plays.   I'm guilty of this as well and learned that while there may be some games that I will carry, there are certainly others that I find myself being carried.   Learn to balance out your state of mind when playing in ranked from "I have to carry this game" to "I need to trust my teammates this game." Even pros make mistakes, so when you find yourself in a bit of a rut, remember that more or less someone on your team wants to win and has the intuition and skills to make it happen.   So please, do not feel like you are the chosen one every single time a game loads up and that the victory of this game rides on your shoulders. It puts an unnecessary amount of pressure on you to perform above and beyond your capabilities and in the event that you simply get outplayed, you might not be able to recognize the mistakes you're making.
1	This is what I miss from HoN and Dota, that you could run a supporting hero in almost whatever lane and role and still go carry mode. I miss my Soul Reaper :(   And I want there to be more supportive items that help the team that actually will be worth getting. The locket of Iron Solari are just to weak in my opinion and I've hardly seen anyone buy it. 230 more hp at lvl 18 aint much. I will use the Dota couterpart were the Mekansm is very viable and rushed in most of the games, ofc is the worth of this item so much higher in Dota because of the hp pools generally being lower then in LoL.
0	I was at a WalMart (weird that I would find domestic violence at a fine establishment such as WalMart), and me and a few friends heard screaming in the back corner of the parking lot. All of my friends kept walking and said "I'm sure someone else has already called the cops". For those of you who don't know, this is called the "bystander effect". I decided to call because I did not want to standby or walk away from a screaming woman screaming "NO". We all ran back to the screams and a man shoved the screaming woman in the car when he saw us coming. I got the plate, and a description of the vehicle and the male. He proceeded to speed around the parking lot and by the time he reached the exit of WalMart, a cop lit him up. Who knows if he was going to go kill her? I don't. Always call the police. Or at least do something.   Edit:
0	He's trying to say he's using a variable ratio schedule instead of continuous reinforcement ([terms]( which is more effective for altering behavior. However, he doesn't seem to be rewarding any particular behavior, so no 'opperant condition' is occurring. He's just randomly reading poetry to her because he thinks she won't appreciate it if he's doing it regularly.
0	You're falling into the trap. When a thug in uniform murders a civilian it is wrong. Got nothing to do with race despite the media and government wanting to portray it that way.   It is cop on civilian violence. Fascism. They are desperate for this to become a race issue. While the people are divided they are less powerful and therefore it is easier to remove more rights in the name of security and further militarize the police.   Police are public-servants, employed by the citizens to protect them and preserve the peace and good order. They aren't supposed to be an unaccountable paramilitary force. They aren't supposed to kill unarmed civilians - no matter what race. [They are not supposed to incite violence and attempt to turn peaceful protests into riots.](   The United States and many other countries needs to get back to the basics of what policing is about. Unfortunately I can't see this happening soon.   In the meantime the police are becoming even more heavily armed. Ask yourself why that it is. It isn't to deal with someone allegedly selling cigarettes. Furthermore if you really want to get into it then ask yourself why the PNAC* document discusses weaponizing space to deal with dissent. Dissent, not terrorism, dissent. They won't need thugs in uniform to deal with uppity protesters moaning about their rights.   (*PNAC being the Project for the New American Century established in 1997 with members Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, and Paul Wolfowitz at the helm - incidentally the same document (written in 2000) said there was a need for new Pearl Harbour to push through the needed changes ... then came 911). : "Rebuilding America's Defenses: Strategies, Forces, and Resources for a New Century" called for unprecedented hikes in military spending, American military bases in Central Asia and Middle East, toppling of non-complying regimes, abrogation of international treaties, control of the world's energy sources, militarization of outer space, total control of cyberspace, and the willingness to use nuclear weapons to achieve "American" goals.  Any of this seem familiar? But I digress ... 'Murica!!   Back on track - nobody is safe. Not even veterans of the Iraq war who were willing to put their lives on the line to, in their mind, fight for freedom. The elite are happy for them to do that abroad while they set back and count their blood-soaked dollars but not so happy when these same people want their rights acknowledged at home.   Google 'Marine Scott Olsen' who was shot in the head with a projectile fired by cops in Oakland 2011. That didn't get too much attention because it is kind of hard for Fox so-called News and the like to handle that. A veteran being attacked by police? WTF? Then there was Kayvan Sabeghi. Another vet. Beaten to a pulp and left in a cell for 18 hours despite telling cops he needed medical attention. Fortunately it was caught on video and he was compensated.   Read about it here:   Watch the video of these thugs attacking Kayvan Sabeghi here:   and   Apologies for the wall of text.
0	Can confirm that it takes a toll on your mental health. I sit in my room all day with 5 online classes. I am capable of being alone for a couple days but after that, it sucks, because it feels like you don't exist out side of yourself. Where you miss being with people, whether you know them or not. I am perfectly capable of living alone, just not for a long time.
1	That is a pretty decent team composition.   However, the best way to deal with a stun-heavy team is to force team fights.  You can build merc treads, banshee's veil, quicksilver sash and whatnot as well, but as long as your team is grouping up well, you should be able to hold your own.   Also, you have an Olaf who can initiate with his ult on (to prevent CC), a Sivir who can chuck on her shield to prevent a stun, and your own team has 2 stuns, 1 slow and 1 AOE taunt - in terms of CC, you're not far behind.
1	anyone remeber the thread about clear titles? he could have even just put the
1	Acted like an ape? I'm not sure if I would agree with that, but if that's the case; they all did. Dignitas and Scarra included. They were all trash talking eachother, and in this light I don't see the problem with Reginalds statements. I don't the see the problem with Scarras or the rest of Dignitas statements either.   They way I see it they were all playing the same game, and in the game if you want to hand out shit, you have to be ok with having shit handed to you as well. Furthermore, I think both Scarra and Regi are aware of this and that they probably don't see this situation as any sort of "problem" or "conflict".   The only issue I see with this situation is the fact that everyone is all mad about a couple words that some other people threw around.
0	There's a kid from high school who is really attached to me because I'm one of the only people who ever wasn't mean to her/accepted her when she came out as trans. But honestly while I wish her the best in life I have absolutely no desire to hang out with her. She keeps trying to invite herself to stay in my apartment (in another city), or to hang out while I'm visiting my parents and I always tell her I'm too busy or whatever but she keeps asking.
1	My personal advice would be to actually just try to get used to it.  I know it's probably extremely frustrating and annoying to you but people will just be like that.  You just have to literally not care.  But I will have to agree it's a lot worse at lower levels for I have no idea why people would even intentionally play on their low level smurfs unless they've been banned and are re-leveling (which probably explains their attitude) or something.   Some of those flamers/ragers on your team might even just be little kids.  Like kids will always look for an excuse or blame you to justify any mistake they made so again, it's best just to not care.  As for legitimate criticism on your play, you really don't have to listen to any of it if it's bothering you.  You can always mute them or even just outright ignore it and focus on your own play to self improve.   I generally try to maintain a nice/positive attitude, or simply just not talk.  Whenever someone messes up I try not to say ANYTHING.  Could not just be their game, or they're simply bad but I'll try not to talk or provoke them.  It's frustrating seeing people endlessly feed or people shit talking you but whatever.   Although I'm no saint myself.  I'll have my random days of built up rage but generally I try to keep it myself.  I remember back when I was leveling I would be all nice and positive until someone insulted me, then I'd snap, but I've really really grown accustomed to just not care.  Nowadays if someone is plain out insulting me and I really don't feel like putting up for it I'll just straight up mute them instantly.   Anyways epic wall of text.  Didn't expect to write that much at all but whatever.  It'll get a bit better, but the player base in this game is so large that there will ALWAYS be ragers and shit talkers regardless of what level your account is, so again just not care.  Yeah it's really annoying but whatever, just keep playing and get better.   Good luck man and remember try to have fun d00d! :3
1	Stupidception, let's go even further.   Alistar was considered absolute useless throughput pretty much the whole Season 1. Then his Damage and Ratios got gutted because AP Alistar was OP.   Then, his CC got nerfed, because Roaming Alistar was too strong.   Then his Ultimate and Heal got nerfed, because in the shining aera of Sustain Supports, his perma Heal and awesome diving tool made him a beast support.   Then, his Cooldowns (?) and Heals got nerfed because he was too strong as a jungler.   Somewhere along the lines, his passive got  changed because AD Alistars were ripping towers apart like no business.   What I wanna say is this: People considered Alistar trash tier when he was sleeper OP in EVERY SINGLE position except ADC, hell they even created a new role because he was so good at it and after Ali got hit with the bat, roaming disappeared completely in a matter of weeks.   The community always followed the pro scene and the pro scene is usually busy perfecting the gold standard, the guys that bring out the sleeper OP's are often solo queue players.   Examples:     AP Tryndamere     SpamHappy and the Poppy     TiensiNoAkuma and Katarina     chu8's Mid Maokai     Westrice and the Akali     soaZ Jayce     that Diamond Proxy Singed guy, whose name I forgot     what was his name, EgoIgnaxio, the creepy Kennen guy?     TheRainMan Teemo     that flamer that only played Soraka Mid (also brought Eve FOTM)     then there is that Rengar-Player who managed to perfect the bug exploits     Hao Tryndamere     PhantomLord in his prime TP Revive days     Hyfe Nasus       I'm sure there are more but that's all i can think of now.
0	I work with an atypical Mormon, I guess. He drinks soda. That's kind of his drug of choice. He limits himself, though. Him and his family do not dress a certain way. He curses like a sailor and talks about railing his wife all the time. His wife was actually Jewish before she converted. He's also into heavy rock, which features some very un Mormon lyrical topics.   He does go to church for hours every Sunday. His wife is his only partner ever, and they abstained til marriage. Basically, he is the opposite of an extreme Mormon, but still very faithful to his religion and church.   It's funny, we have guys night out where a few co workers will hang out after work then see an action flick. We all smoke and drink, but Mormon dude just chills with us without partaking. We're all pretty sure he got a contact buzz one time. Good stuff. Great guy, though.
1	As most people have said but as well a team can crumble by 1 person or 2 people leaving. Look at tpa. Season 2 WINNERS kicked right out of ogn. Every job is like a twig waiting to snap (fired or to fail), unfortunately e-sports is one with a thin twig. A team can go from bad to good in a seconds decision or good to bad with a seconds decision. Decisions which may make you lose a game in solo queue can cost them A LOT MORE - Jobs, money and fame. Imagine being famous and then it going cos you pressed 1 right click.
1	What works for me is to consistently communicate with my team, starting from Champion Select, continuing on in the laning phase, and finally and most importantly, during the end game. The idea is to make your teammates very aware of what your needs are during the course of the game, i.e. passivity, ganks, when to push, when to NOT push. Also I always tell my team what my preferences are in Champion Select (AD carry) but have learned at least two other other roles (Support and Mid). The key to raising your ELO imo is balancing flexibility and mastering a few champions.   Finally, someone already said it, but don't worry about the number. Worry about winning your lane and figuring out how you can help other lanes win. More often than not, if you win your lane your chances of the winning the game skyrocket. Of course you'll always run across trolls or people having a bad time (which is the case most often, remember bad game =/= troll) but you can be the consistent factor by mastering your particular lane.
1	In NA alone their are several adc's better than him.     Nientonsoh     Doublelift     Wildturtle       Imaqtpie and Aphro are I would say ROUGHLY even with Chaox which puts Chaox at 4th best NA at best. Add this to the fact that he is a shot-caller who had issues following others calls (Regi) means teams are going to be reluctant to pick him up. So TSM, CRS, DIG, and CLG are very unlikely to pick him up so that means moving. From what I have seen he doesn't have the skills needed to keep up on a top level asian team has the potential to win it's respective region. This leaves Europe, and really the only place I see Chaox getting a spot on a decent team. That being said I still don't think the chances are that good.
1	Oh my Diana. I play Diana very often in ranked. Definitely the champion I am most comfortable on and I have to disagree with her "underpowered" title people are giving her. So here are some things I've noticed. Diana is a champion I instalock first pick because I am confident I will not lose lane. She is VERY weak in lane though so why am I confident? Let me tell you how I survive laning phase and win the game. So to start Diana despite being weak still dishes out damage when put behind. I sit in lane and when against a ranged Laner who is strong I max q and last hit with that. When I face a melee assassin I will max w because they underestimate not only its damage but its shield when they try and go in for the kill. I never feed in lane because I just understand her kit so well. I don't always win lane but I definitely don't feed. My next point is the ridiculous power spike at level 6. You can 1v1 almost any lane at lvl 6. She deals tons of damage through her q r combo. Diana becomes deceptively strong when she grabs an abyssal or zhonyas depending on which you rush and can assassinate any squishy. The only problem she has is in team fights. If you mess up and miss q you are useless for about 5 seconds and that can decide a fight. But that is why she is high risk high reward. If you can learn this champion and learn to survive lane she can carry games very well. I do disagree with people who think she is underpowered and I would love for her to be kept the same. She needs no buff in my opinion.
1	You're unranked with rankeds in your match history. You're too mad. Biased. Look at the size of this rant.     There's a smaller Player Pool size in 3's so a higher Elo in that, really means nothing to Summoner's Rift. 1000ish 5's is like "average", and 1400s 3's is basically nothing     Silver in SC2 is like really bad. You can make Gold with no micro skills and just mass producing Queens. The players in Bronze/Silver in SC2 are like the equivalent of 800 Elo kids, so what's your point.     There's a Ladder in Call of Duty. (I'm pretty sure I don't play Console Trash)       All in all the people in this thread need to realize that they're not mad that their stupid number isn't high enough, they're mad that they can't log on and just play an EVEN MATCH.   That's what people want. Even teams. Even match. Even skills.   Unfortunately most of the people are really BAD at this game.
0	No one makes languages so that they are harder. Languages aren't like a painting, book, movie, etc. You don't sit down and say, "I'm going to make a language and make it logical/illogical," unless you're Tolkien or Zamenhof.   Languages as we speak them today are the products of many years of change, exposure to other (often very different) languages, and the mass migrations and invasions of different cultures and peoples, not to mention shifting technologies that require names and in turn affect the language (Does anyone else use Google to google something?). Look at the changes in English because of its exposure to French and Latin - you could refer to paladins, riders, and cavaliers all on the same medieval battlefield, using words of Latin, Germanic, and French origin in one sentence. Technically, you could have a paladin, rider, and cavalier all on the same horse, because before they took on different cultural meaning, they could all refer to the same thing. Of course a language gets weird when it has other languages (with their own words and rules) edging into its territory. And such is the nature of all languages, not just English. There's a reason that many languages have their own overseeing bodies to maintain linguistic "purity," Sisyphian though the task may be.   Also, there are rules in English that made much more sense a millennium ago. As times passed, we dropped some of the rules, and suddenly we have confusing leftovers from a different system (who/whom, for example). Spellings are messed up partly because the printing press entered England from Germany, which didn't have letters to represent some sounds in English. One can see different presses in England churn out different spellings that took a long time to reach a standard. The problem is, we "froze" our spelling in time while the pronunciations changed. The "gh" ending in "plough" used to pronounced, so at one time that wasn't a confusing spelling. Americans did end up updating that spelling to "plow." Most spellings haven't been updated, and that is especially true in British English. The rules for spelling and grammar don't keep up with the generational or regional shifts in language. Look at the Upper Cities Vowel Shift in the U.S.   Finally, do you think languages seem arbitrary? That's exactly right. They're arbitrarily constructed to represent everything around us  and  the ideas and things that we come up with. Or is that, "the ideas up with which we come?" Thanks for that tricky "rule," Dr. Johnson. Writing is doubly arbitrary - somebody literally did try to make that construction. Nothing we say magically perfectly represents the thing it stands for. Nothing we write would magically make sense to an illiterate speaker of the language we are writing in. We are trained to speak our language (not really, but it's way too complex to explain, and a bit controversial), and we are trained to write. Humans are complex, humans change, and humans make errors. As a projection of our species, language should be expected to be so, too.
1	Ive watched Phantom for quite awhile. I feel he is still a decent enough guy, but months and months of teaching at low elo has (imo) caused his "skill" to decline drastically. Just like when someone high elo plays at low elo, some of the "normal" events that occur in a game suddenly feel very foreign. Suddenly trying to climb the elo bracket again is probably a lot harder than he originally thought, so the rage happens, the flaming happens and the frustration sets in. Yeah, I HATE when he flames. You know what I do though? I sit in my chair at home, call him an assclown and continue watching the game. Who cares, its his stream, let him do what he wants.
1	Currently, in order to get the FWotD bonus I have to win a game everyday (or every 22 hours, to be exact). In order to maximize my IP gains from this bonus, I have to log in and win a game every single day.   If it was reset at a specifc time (let's say, 8pm) I could log in on a Monday at 7pm and get the FWotD bonus and then play again at 8:05 and get another FWotD bonus (Tuesday's bonus). I wouldn't need to log in and play again until Wednesday at 7pm to still be maximizing my IP gains.   Riot would like you to log in and play their game once every day rather than twice every other day. Something to do with psychology and "attach rates" and whatnot.
1	I have hard Radioactive because it is played way too much, but I wouldn't know the name "Imagine Dragons" if it wasn't for the fact that of my friends is a fan and he actually showed me a couple songs a while back.   I don't listen to current music, not for anything in particular, i just like listening to the same old albums over and over again, however it is impossible for me one not listen to the currently popular music in everyday life, however, that does not mean that one necesarily knows who sings what.  You just hear the songs and have no idea of their names or of the artists who perform them, other for the really really really huge hits and famous people, like "Happy" or like songs from Miley Cyrus or Shakira or whatever.
1	I am a person who also transfered to the brazilian server and o can tell that some of the things he stated are true. Brazilians like to flame pretty early in the game ( not that you should do it at all, but doing it because of an early mistake is awfull ). However, if we want to have a better community, redditing about how bad it is won't change anything. Trying to educate these people by giving tips on the game and asking for more polite answers is a good way to improve it and stimulate other people to come to the Brazilian server and improve the matchmaking system. Next time try to post something more positive, asking for colaboration and better actions and even more patience so we can have better experience. That being said I can say I am not disapointed of tranfering - at least not yet - and I can't say I was getting pissed with NA players too.
0	I find that the show to be very sensationalized, and especially in its early seasons but also throughout its run it has very dishonest portrayals of people. However its portrayal of victims and the myriad reasons they have to be reluctant to come forward and share their experiences only begins to shed light on the horrible experiences that some unfortunate people have gone through.   The show is fiction and the characters on it are not real, but when the things that happen in the show happen to actual people it's a manifestation of the totally real tragedies that humans inflict on each other.   Whether it's said by Olivia Benson, Mariska Hargitay, or any other person fact or fiction, the case remains that if you are the victim of a sexual assault, it is absolutely not your fault. It's the fault of the total asshat who did the deed. People, believe it or not, have control over their own actions and if they do evil things for selfish reasons then any claims of temptation or leading behavior are just excuses for not having the capacity to be a decent human being.
1	there are 2 millon people online at most times playing league of legends, and in many soloq games 2000 elo gets paired with 1800 elo, even scarra when he was 2500 got matched with 1700 at times. Thinking everyone knows me and i play lee is completely wrong. This reddit is browsed by maybe 50,000 or 100,000 people regularly, so actually is fairly possible there are a lot of people that doesn't know froggen plays lee mid or even know him at all. If you don't watch this reddit or his stream how do you know he plays lee mid? you don't! it was his mistake not looking at chat as he stated and it was also his mistake not saying he was mid as lee mid is unconventional and his final mistake was believing everyone 1800+ knows him and the unconventional champs he plays. Bottom line is his actions were not by any means justifiable.
1	I won't say that TF is bad, but as a first pick in solo queue he most definitely is. Every time I encounter a first pick TF, I pick Ahri and destroy it (for example: diamond 2 TF vs me, a plat 1 ahri:   this was also a close game - at one point we lost an inhibitor even). If you have a champion you really enjoy go ahead and play it, but have some consideration for your team - ask if you can pick them something they want and swap, so that you can have more information when you go to pick him, etc. Furthermore, ranked is not a place for people to try something new, it is a place for people to try their best to win.
1	You know this isn't really a highlight of how faker good is but a misplay by Corki and Sona. Corki playing against an Ahri should always keep line of sight broken so when the team shifted he should have shifted but even with that missplay the biggest mistake was on the Sona's part.   If you re-watched the play through to where Faker kills Prey and then Sona ults him, look at the Sona's position and the time he would have to travel to get the ult off. I propose that if instead of ulting faker who only takes the ult damage and then comes right back into the fight.   If Sona instead realized that the second Zyra split the team and he was no longer in range of helping a Corki that had literally a sliver of health left, and instead used it to save Gragas who was low also but reasonable range of saving.   They would have had renekton up Gragas up and Sona up vs Shen Ahri who was extremely low by now. If this was the play made it is complete speculation if they would have killed Faker right after the fight but I feel they would have been able to kill one of the two possibly both and took an inhib tower/inhibiter.
0	Now this is the American dilemma: Even though we don't  need  the large magazines, should we still  have them .   Now some people would be like "No!" Because they can be dangerous, and allow for more killing. But then in that same token Americans shouldn't have giant sodas or meals. Because we don't  need  large meals, but we  still have them .
1	SHRC last year played arguably the best league team ever at the time and this year SSW is also arguably the best team ever. OMG beat NJWS who as good as they looked at korean regionals were the 5th seed in Korea and barely qualified for regionals. Plus they didn't play nearly as well in worlds as they did in Worlds. All be OMG 3-0 against NJWS was impressive i think they get stomped just like SHRC. SSW Bot Lane and Jung would shit on OMG. While OMG solo lanes can potentially go even or win in lane.(looking at go going). SHRC solo lanes will probably get stomped with their jung and botlane going even/ winning. OMG and SHRC both have weaknesses that SSW can exploit greatly. So saying OMG would be a better matchup against SSW because they 3-0 NJWS is reaching a bit. SSW is on a whole mother level, they essentially have a player better at every role besides top compared to NJWS. i agree though korean win worlds again :).
1	The balt tribes are indo-european. Estonians are not balts, although Estonia is classified a baltic state for geographic reasons. Lithuanians and Latvians are the only nations that come from balt tribes.   The balt history starts from [the corded ware culture]( These tribes came into the region and mixed with the local people. This way the baltic tribes were formed.   The Ural languages that are currently the most spoken are Estonian, Finnish and Hungarian. They are not related to Indo-European languages that are spoken in most of the remaining Europe.   The part that I mentioned about the same tribes is supposed to mean this: Suppose there exists tribe A. Half of this tribe splits off and moves to a different location. Together with the local people in the new place they form a new tribe B. Now, the remaining half reproduces and some time later moves out to yet another place that is near the previously moved guys, forming C. As C grows, they start taking over B's lands.   That last part waws from a tv show, and the historians in it spoke about this suggesting that there's a closer link between balts and slavs than between balts and other indo-european tribes.
1	Now I'm pretty low elo. Silver badge, 14XX. I don't really lose my lane or  **  up in teamfights or whatever, and i never ever feed, but thats beside the point.   I'm basically a bad player and I know it. and I know I can do better, if I spent more time improving my game, learning from my mistakes, or if I moved out(live in a rural area, get horrifying pings all the time), or If i watched high elo streams more often than i already do, or if i quit my job and school so i can play more than one game a night at 2 AM after being tired from work and finished studying or (insert random excuse here.)   However, I do spend ALOT of time observing people, and I spend alot of time observing their motives, and why they act the way they do. I observe them doing stupid things, while yelling at other people for doing stupid things. I see people yelling at people in champ select, then watching that "unviable champ" get fed and carry, and watching the guy who followed the meta and who watches streams feed. I spend alot of time looking at retards on the forum complaining about elo hell.   It all makes me very angry.   (it even has a cute pitchur :D ) andyeah the rest of the posts on my blog are outdated and  ** ty but in my mind I have disproved ELO hell. however, Feel free to tell me why I'm wrong.
1	many things...     first things first, if you can't play every position with a few solid champions, don't play ranked. get good with strong champs first in all positions.     top: rumble, kennen, yorick, irelia, lee sin, udyr, gp, vlad. all great tops.   mid: cass, ahri, xerath <- they all take time to learn, or alternatively, you can play ryze or sion or morg.   jungle: lee, rammus, udyr, skarn   AD carry: graves, sivir, cait (for early game dominance), trist/vayne (late game carries)   support: ali, sona, janna, taric, sor (if you need explanations for each, just ask)       secondly, if you believe your ranked abilities are better than others, then play a solo lane. easiest way to carry yourself out of "elo hell". i specifically recommend playing mid/top/jungle, in that order.     if you play mid, you can dominate mid, push the lane, and gank top and bot, easing pressure on all lanes. it is the most influential position (at least in low elo where i'm rising.)   if you play top, you can win your lane hard and pressure the jungler and mid to help top. if you just ward up you will kill more often than die. by relieving pressure on other lanes, you automatically add value to your team.   if you play jungle, you can help the lanes that are having trouble, and if you're a great jungle, you will keep timers on all the buffs, counter jungle occasionally, and ward up a storm. as much as you can do right, if all the other lanes fail, you will more often than not still lose. this is because you have less gold to carry the game with, your job is simply to disrupt and prevent shit.       third, you need to study up on how to counter ppl. riven is super strong early and singed is weak until catalyst. simply by that virtue alone, if you were of equal skill, you would lose that lane. know your match ups, and try to counter them as best you can.       i could go on about game etiquette and how to go after objectives, but that would take a million more words.
0	NBC, the station who is broadcasting the Olympic games in the US, will show a 2-3 minute video piece with interviews on an olympic athlete focusing on their struggle or an inspirational moment in their life right before they compete. And then sometimes they lose and NBC will focus on their disappointment and how awful they did right after they made you fall in love with the athlete.
1	Same,but I only adc on blue side and I always win when I adc on blue side. As soon as i go on purple i have to unlock cam and then I'm like "should i position my champion or position my cam" since i can't do both and orbwalk. I just suck as purple side adc, but i honestly have beaten platinum ADCs when i am on blue side even if they had a good match history record.
1	Trying to be constructive here...If the tone of my post comes off as aggressive it's not meant to be...just trying to point out where the faulty logic lies in your post.   1)  having a good score, in one game, against and unknown skilled opponent, means absolutely nothing for the viability of what a good build is for a champion.   2)  With the utility tree being improved I can see it becoming viable for AD champs to build 9/21 or 12/18...not going to argue with that, it's completely dependant on who you're laning against. If you're against a Leona or Zyra, you'd be retarded to go deep into utility as it's not got nothing to offer you.   3)  Your build isn't all that great and needs work. Cleaver is almost always going to be the worst way to upgrade a BF early on...BT is a FAR superior early item as it gives sustain, whereas Cleaver only offers benefit vs champs with lots of armor (which they won't be building early). IE is a great item on Cait, runaan's made me drool when I saw it and realized it would stack with her passive, PD is great as well since it provides crit chance and AS which mesh extremely well with cait's passive.   Pre-patch I rushed boots and PD or BT on cait depending on how lane is going and the playstyles of the enemy and my support. I honestly don't think you're item build is terrible and would work decently vs a lot of teams but the order is just atrocious...some better options, IMO are:   boots + pots > BF > finish boots and BT > PD > IE >  Runaan's > Cleaver   boots + pots > zeal + zerk boots > PD > IE > BT > Runaan's > Cleaver   Personally, I like to finish PD before I finish IE...without crit chance IE isn't being used to it's potential. It would also be interesting to rush a BT and then build Runaan's...extra passive stacks paired with BT's lifesteal and damage would make things interesting for sure.   ...just please don't recommend building a cleaver before the enemy is building/starting armor items...the reason you see high level players constantly checking things out with tab is so they can decide what items they should build according to what is best for the situation...Cleaver is really only a good item vs armor...it still gives desirable stats but there are better ways to put out damage if they aren't building armor and that's the point I'm trying to make.   Another very interesting item is going to be the new QSS upgrade that gives dmg on top of the QSS...same with the tried and true GA.   4)  cs and kills before fist death don't mean a whole lot without full context of the game.   5)  Level 30 means nothing...if you're claiming lvl 30 instead of total games played or ELO then it's obvious you have no credentials to back up your claims of such a strange build working out well.
0	Yes, I would have to agree. OP should've done what I would've done and convince my wife to play hooky and then have her pretend to be hooker I pick up at the bar then bring her back to the room bang the bejesus out of all day... I mean that's what i would've done.... Oh maybe I'll switch it up and go back to work like the last hour to really play out the fantasy!
1	I don't see what everyone is bent out of shape for. Happalus said it was a test of how people would react to having ward skins available. The rent to own content was only instituted to compensate for the fact that if they sold permanent content to some players but then decide to deactivate what you own. Riot isn't really testing the rent to own model by itself, just to supplement a new kind if content (ward skins) and they feel it is unethical to sell you something (permanent) only to possibly make it worthless by deactivating the service if they discontinue the idea.
0	I don't know why people are criticizing this; this is the basis of [efficiency wage hypothesis]( Paying a wage 5%+ above market average generally results in some combination of higher productivity, higher efficiency, lower search costs, and higher employee retention.   In completely anecdotal example, my grandfather was very high up in AIG (way before the whole financial fiasco), and he always told me to never take a raise after you get a new higher paying job, because if your current job valued you that highly, they should have been paying you that wage to begin with. In his opinion it showed a lack of loyalty to good employees.
0	If he wants something to show for his achievements, he should be playing the 360. That's how I roll. Fulfilled.
0	2013  >Can't make it thought highschool without ADD medicine ISHYGDDT, high school valedictorian whose notebooks were comprised 99% of drawings during class reporting in. I was diagosed in second grade an I made it until Sophmore year of engineering until I started taking anything.  I can't even imagine being on ADD medication during my childhood development years.  Unless a child is significantly below average intelligence level I will say, from experience, that pumping prescription amphetamines into a developing young adult is not the right decision, not only for their physical health, but social well-being as well.  I remember having this one friend in middle school who nobody ever talked too until one of my friend's mom's started making us hang out with him because he was new and had no friends.  We all just thought he was weird as hell because he was quiet and just sat there an listened and we just assumed that was how he was until we all got invited to his house one weekend. Seeing him off his Ritalin for the first time was a night/day difference, the kid was hillarious.  He was so funny and creative (we used to make movies at house during the summer when he was off his meds) and he would stay up late at night making up these ludicrously detailed stories about obviously fake events (he told us his awkward step-dad gave him the sex talk using starwars analogies complete with chewbacca sounds).  ANYWAYS long story short we convinced him to start throwing away his Ritalin every morning and he became one of the guys.  I shudder at the thought that, by listening to a doctor, my parents could have been feeding me pills every morning that would have turned me into the wide-eyed zombie we all remember our friend being in middle school...
1	I know there are many Riot employees who check Reddit and we should show them how much we appreciate their work. I'm not saying we aren't, I'm actually very satisfied with the comments on this topic about the servers being down. But it seems that The official forums are getting flooded by spoiled kids who always get what they want.
0	Please for the love of god don't bring it up.   Story time: It was sixth grade, my science teacher was my home room, and in home room, we were reading the house of the scorpion or something like that. It was about a clone outcast taking over the person he was cloned from's fortune.  I don't know how the topic was brought up, but the first sentence of the conversation was "now we all know that Santa isn't real, right?" The rest of that conversation was a blur. All I could think about was how my entire world was coming down around me.
0	Almost literally all of that was bullshit.   First, most people have dynamic public facing IPs, and second, virtually no routers are so fundamentally insecure as to show the local address to remote hosts.   I'm going to explain for you;   You have the local address, which is always IPv4. Most routers that aren't using isolation assign addresses in the 192.168.1 block unless specifically configured otherwise. The four numbers seperated by dots each go up to 255, because each of them is a 1 byte number, with 1 byte having 256 possible values. So if your IP is 192.168.1.4, the router understands this as 0b11000000-0b10101000-0b00000001-0b00000100. The lowest value is typically reserved for the router, i.e. 0b11000000-0b10101000-0b00000001-0b00000001.   Second, the fact that the router has the mac address of your computer is  the very reason why  you don't need to have a public IP for each device. This is why DHCP was invented, so that the router (so called because it routes all the data) could receive packets and route them to the correct machine.   Also, MAC address spoofing is not in any way illegal, so I have no idea where you got that from.   And, HTTP header packets contain neither the computers local address, nor it's mac address. If you'd ever used a packet sniffer you would know that. Take a look at [this packet]( it contains routing information,  then  the data to be routed, i.e. the header information and HTTP request. The local address and MAC are never sent to the external server. Even a novice coder, like a web designer, would know that much.   Another thing, you're wrong about how upvotes work too. You can absoutely upvote something from the same IP address, I've upvoted my friends' comments many a time while we were using the same router. A look at [how reddit filters upvotes]( completely disproves that point.
1	adcs are fine as they are in terms of damage, but there needs to be better defensive items for them. When it comes to late game you're either being destroyed by a mundo or one-shotted by an assassin. GA means they have time to reposition and doesn't always work, and banshees is nice but only mitigates the damage from an assassin. Besides, with both of these you can be chased out of a teamfights and it's always down to the bruisers/AP casters to win the fight. It comes to the point where if you don't have flash up you are as good as dead, and if you do you're still not able to do any damage.   Of course all of this can be fixed by solid peel from your team mates, but in soloq that just doesn't happen and I've had multiple games of going 17/3 or something like that, getting one shotted as my team is trying to chase the enemy adc and we lose. ADCs don't have the presence in fights any more and good positioning means less and less if a kat can flash>e>w>r instakill you no matter what. Of course adc's shouldn't be able to fight bruisers but there isn't much point if your sole job is to waste cooldowns and hopefully put a dent in a mundo.   But to reference your original post, 6 item cait can easily face a 4 item voli, she's the best kiter in the game. Work on stutter stepping and you should be fine. Alternatively, DON'T TRY TO 1v1 A VOLIBEAR. You should never be alone, the current meta means you'll be destroyed by pretty much anyone. Your job is to back up your team, not to 1v1 everyone. Armour pen wouldn't do much against a voli because he works off health with his passive, and buffing LW would be overpowered.
0	I just think you should allow yourself to broaden your own mind. The act of jacking off for a guy IS gay regardless of if you are acknowledging it or not.   Listen to yourself.   Someone else says "I like to get a blowjob by a guy, but since I'm not attracted to them, I'm not gay."   Someone says "I sleep with men, but I'm not attracted to them mentally. I'm not gay."   You jack off at the encouragement of both men and women. It's a bisexual activity at that point.   Call it what you want, but getting pegged is as gay as two lesbians with a strap on is gay. It's not the action, it's the 'actors' involved.
0	Me and my best friend do this to eachother so many times, its quite funny too cause we can tell when eachother are doing it. Also, i did this to a little kid once and she just looked at me with the most puzzled look cause she asked me a question haha.
0	I'm sorry about your friend, my school had to go through it about 4 years ago and most of the people that attended his funeral were saying how best of friends they were when they barely talked to him as much as i did. Modern Warfare 2 every week with him, talking about random shit, it might not have been as much as some other kids but i think it's reasonable to say that I was more of friends with him than most of those kids that said that they were his bestfriend or something along those lines.
1	If you are in a bad mood don't even bother trying to play solo que. You will become more upset rather than being in a positive mood. Secondly I felt the same way you did until I just said fck it /mute all every game I now won't have people flaming trying to throw my game off. To communicate with team I ping and I type down timers so I know when baron/drag/buffs are going to be up without having to scroll for days and have it reset because someone typed something.
0	if any part of your crotch touches her crotch.  any part.  you can get herpes.  this includes the ballsac that slams against her ass as you pump away furiously with your condom covered cock.  the only way you can protect against herpes is via abstinence and even then your wife may have it.
1	I ask this every week and I'm asking it again because I'm going insane. I main Sup, and I try to just worry about my own play but I'm so incredibly frustrated that when I do my job (0-4 kills, 0-4 deaths, 10+ assists) it never feels like it matters. Games I win I feel like my team played well and would've won even if I had done almost nothing. Games I lose when I play will can just be slaughters. I read so much 'Please Bronze supports at least ward'. I ward like a motherfucker. I poke, zone, sustain if I can, etc. It literally feels like maybe 25% of my games, how I perform matters at all.   Secondly, if I wanted to learn a different role that had more carrying power, what should I try? Seems like ADCs are a bit weaker now, junglers can't carry nearly as much as they used to, etc. Also seems like if I main anything besides support, due to pick order I'll be lucky to get a different role in even half my games.   I've played with a bit, but what do people think of the Ardent Censer? It doesn't seem powerful / cheap enough to make Janna anymore worthwhile, sadly. Sona maybe, but she's so squishy. I love Karma, and feel like she's the only one it really makes it worthwhile to get since she can buff the entire team in later teamfights.
0	Pretty sure she's being 100% serious and is giving you obvious signals. Go for her man, ask her out on a date. Do it now, otherwise she'll find another guy in her life to be her Valentine. After all, she's got a good month to go.   Even if there is there's slimmest chance she was joking, you can still respond back seriously and you might still get a date with her. Worst case scenario, you built up your confidence, and you guys can laugh about it on good terms.
0	This will be buried for sure, but I see a lot of these stories are happening in pre-college school. A few things:   1) A lot of these kids are doing this bullying as a cry for help. Granted, it's not an excuse for anyone to beat the living shit out of someone else, but I think it's a little extreme when someone says, "I'm glad he's dead" when they had no chance to learn and grow up to be the good person that they could have been.   2) When you think about the person you are happy is dead, look at their family lives, because that is most likely where they are deriving their aggression from. So many kids I knew in my first 13 years of school (Kindergarten included, I'm not slow) who had severe behavioral issues had family problems and/or broken homes. So when you think about the kid who was bullying you, think about how they were probably being bullied at home at a much larger scale by people who should have been nurturing them. Given their lives, you have it good enough to be bullied by them and not someone who you have spent your entire lives learning from.   3) Maybe some of these kids are just downright evil, and maybe some are better off gone from our lives forever, but I'm willing to bet that the majority are just trying to figure it out just like we were, but didn't have the means to do it peacefully due to their situations outside of school.
0	He is just Karma Whoring- This is what she really said- in his previous post about the breakup.   "So after a day of hanging out yesterday with her and her room mates around town, at the end of the night I decided to ask her if everything was okay and that I'd noticed some distance between us and she said she felt it too and the bad part was it didn't bother her. She said she didn't know what she wanted and that she doesn't know if she wants to be in a relationship. She said that she was getting over some personal issues(through therapy) and that she really wanted to focus on herself right now and be selfish.  We talked for a couple hours, it started out as we should take it slower and give each other some space for a few days to think about it to her saying that you can't go back from a conversation like this and that we should break up.  She said things like it sucks ending a relationship with so many positives, that we had so much fun together and that she wants me to be a part of her life.   I don't know what to do, I really care about this girl and it seems like it just happened so quickly.  Should I consider this over? Or should I just give her some space and see if she changes her mind and that its just a phase we're going through and that you can come back from a conversation like this?   Thank you for taking the time to read this and any advice or perspective you may have.
1	The thing here is:  Will you actually be able to use the 15% extra CDR in an efficient way?  It will only be increasing your damage, if you use skills exactly the moment they come of cooldown and if you have no blue buff.  The thing I also mentioned above is that you will run oom insanely fast without an extended mana pool from tear or athenes passive.  Let say you finish double Morello or Morello/Tear/Rod at 20 minutes.  You will be around level 14: 916 base Mana on Ori.  The tear build gives you 400 extra Mana while only getting 125% (20 mana regen per 5)  instead of 200% (30 mana regen per 5).  Adding your base mana regen of 15 at level 14 you have 45 mana regen per 5 on double morello and 35 mana per 5 on tear morello rod.  A teamfight starts:  You use your full spell rotation (QWER) 370 Mana.   Your almost full spell rotation (QWE) 220 Mana.  You will sit at 326 Mana now without tear, 726 Mana with tear.  You only get mana for less than one Q back every 5 seconds (lets say that are the Qs in between your rotations).  One more QWE an you sit at 116 Mana without, 516 with tear.  After using QWER,QWE,QWE with 2 Qs inbetween you will be almost OOM. 3 spell rotations in a teamfight and you are left without mana.  With Tear you can do 2 more rotations QWE + QWE.  Imagine a classic Orianna teamfight, you used QWE once to engage only for movementspeed or you tried to poke once and missed.  Without tear you can use your spellrotation twice now during the teamfight. In an extended fight you will drop oom super fast.
0	True story, I sincerely fucked up my college because of starcraft 2 and league. My freshmen year I played so much starcraft I had 0 social life. Girls would come to my dorm to try and get me out of it and I'd just tell them to leave on and let me play, I had almost gone up to diamond at the time. I remember spending my birthday that year with not one person wishing me a happy birthday in person, besides my mom. One of the reasons I played so much was because I was depressed and it helped me escape. It was a cycle that fueled itself. Depressed so I played video games, while video games were a big, big factor in my depression. League was a slow downhill. My friend introduced me and I wasn't hooked the first time, but a couple months later when I played it again out of curiosity. At first I could do my homework, slowly but surely I would procrastinate more and more. Sophomore fall semester my grades dropped to B and Cs. Then spring to Cs and D's. I still wasn't socializing well but in had improved somewhat in that regard. I think I spent my b day playing league and getting drunk in my room. Jr year hit and I fucked up bad. I'd play till 4 or 5 am everyday. If I went to class I never knew what was going on. Exams, I'd study for 2 hours before the actual exam. Learning mostly new material. This was after 8 hours of league of course. I'm super depressed at this time, I see my life has fallen apart. I didn't want to work so I could play played league, didn't want to go out since I lacked the social skills to do so and would rather just play league. It was easier. If I was left alone to myself for too long the suicidal thoughts would come. I hated feeling emotions. With league I could feel very little and escape my reality. Eventually I had to work, I played catch up on bills to the point I still am now. Ruined my credit score. Financially, I thew away getting paid, after tuition, 10k per year to go to school. I had a dream set up. Now I don't know if I go to school this next semester, my gpa dropped from 3.5 to 2.3. My computer broke in April or May. It was the best thing to ever happen to me. I was forced into the outside world. I started making friends. Quickly. I made the cheer team, suddenly I'm surrounded by pretty girls who love me. I should mention that I'm an avid power lifter, my other hobby away from league. I have an athletic build since I've been into Pl for almost 8 years now. I spent my summer working 60 hours a week and going out as much as possible. I talked to old friends. They all wondered what happened to me. I'm still dealing with underdeveloped social skills and I have an incredibly hard time expressing myself (in person) to girls and thus I can't build a relationship with one yet. I completely fucked up and lost a "perfect match" with me this summer. She was dropping hints like a machine gun but... I just couldn't do it. I failed to man up. I'm much happier now. I haven't fixed my computer yet. I will say that I greatly miss league. I'm scared that the first thing I'll do is load it up and get hooked back in. I'll try and stay away but If I can't, I'll be Damn sure to not go back to that place again. I won't. League ruined most of my college life. I know I deserve a lot of shit but.. Depression is a bitch and league took my pain away. I didn't realize it was the root cause of it.
1	In reading RoFL's posts over the past few months (Started playing in December) I really feel as though I have been able to improve my play and have brought a lot of various things to my playgroup, even getting them to get wards, albeit kicking and screaming.   I got them to watch some of the Dreamhack games and laughed at their commentary on warding. A comment by Phreak, I believe, highlighted something else to keep consistent warding up. It was more or less if you go back to buy and have 2-300 gold kicking around, just invest most of it in wards. I have started doing this and found it to pay off so much more than getting one ward at a time and it helps the team out. Also, on top of this, if the map is consistently being warded, folks can see how much it helps and have started doing the same thing.
1	Witt's End specifies only champion auto attacks, while SotEL specifies auto attacks OR damaging abilities that only apply a single tick of damage or multiple ticks of damage in a singular instance.   For example   If you look at Nasus' E, dropping Spirit Fire on an enemy will proc SotEL every tick because it deals damage  per second  instead of x damage over y seconds. The game classifies it as a singular instance of damage every time it ticks.   Now, if you look at Malz' E, it won't proc SotEL because it deals a set amount of damage (after modifiers and such)  over x amount of time .   In the same respect, Malz' W deals damage per second instead of over time and (correct me if I'm wrong, I'm procrastinating at work and can't test this yet) should in theory proc SotEL every time it ticks.   I believe this applies to all AoE "DoTs" (Amumu's Despair, Singed's Poison, etc)   Back to the plants   Zyra's plants won't trigger Witt's End or similar items because the AA needs to be Zyra herself and not the plants, but will trigger SotEL because the plant AA's count as a singular instance of spell damage every time they attack something.  It's the same reason they'd apply Liandry's. The plant AA count as spell damage and not AA's.
1	I am perfectly comfortable playing top laners that are camped constantly. I avoid the ganks. I hardly ever die on GP or Nasus unless it's a constant 3-man gank from mid and my jungler is just snoozing.   If this is true, then your team is winning. Your post and your complain is, then, pointless.   >I never said I lose my lane, and that is why the jungler needs to come. I never said I need farm and that is why the jungler needs to come.   Then better gank other lanes and take objetives, which are way more important than your farm.   > I said that it is an easy double kill because I know their jungler is camping me, and we can take premature action and kill him easily.   Early level Nasus loses all the trades in 2vs2. Nasus+Jarvan vs Renekton + Vi will just get destroyed without doubt. If you are GP, then a gank may be worth. But your jungler will gank because IS WORTH for the team, not because you want he to gank. I gank a lot of times in top lane, even I do 2vs2 quite often, either in top and in mid. But I never do it just because top lane feel like fighting. There you see the difference. You are a part of something bigger, which is the team, and you will be sacrificed without hesitation if it comes to be better for the team, for example, you lose some minions, and we take a drake.   >Jesus get that entitled stick out of your ass. The Jungler is a tool of the team, so either you listen to all of your team or go play another role.   Aw yeah, we listen a lot of things. We hear enemy top has warded and you dont even know what a pink ward is. We hear "I need to farm" but we see that even if we gank, you will farm 5 creeps more, and then you will be in the same situation.   We listen our team, but most of the time, the laners have tunnel vision. The jungler have to have a global consideration always.     And we also are, along with the support, the roles with the less amount of gold. So calling us, sort of a greedy is just stupid, because we don't win anything with your lost per se. We don't let you alone for the sake of your dispair, to enjoy off your suffering. It is almost impossible to carry a game as jungler, if you don't play a carrier jungler, so we are, as supports, totally carry-dependent. We want all our carries to be as far ahead as possible, because we need them to carry.
0	As a manager at a fast food restaurant where at least a third of the employees are paid minimum wage: yes.   I always treat the employees on my shift as my equal in all bit authority.  I never yell, never berate, and never treat them as if they are beneath me. I correct mistakes without getting rude or aggressive, I listen to what they have to say, and I always go to bat for them against certain other managers. Nine times out of ten, they will bust their asses on my shifts, if only to keep me from getting in trouble. Hell, I'm pretty sure I could leave the restaurant for at least an hour and it'd be fine.   We have another manager who does pretty much the opposite of what I do. He yells, berates, mocks, acts an ass, and it shows on his shifts. The employees always seem slower, less happy to be there, and more willing to purposefully not finish things in an effort to get him in trouble.
0	You couldn't be more right about this. You pretty much described the entire relationship. I could go on a huge rant about her because the break up is still fresh and I'm still angry, sad, etc., but I'll save you the boring details. It does still hurt a little because I do care about her. But you're right when you say not to date people who are in any way unstable. &nbsp;   She did end up resenting me, she did have extremely poor communication (which often lead to fights), and I'm pretty sure she looked in every direction for someone else to comfort her and take her side while she gets shit faced and has a pity party. &nbsp;
1	This is even more annoying if you're in my position. I played a few ranked games (qualifier then 2 more games) and I dodges 3 og my qualifiers not knowing it gave you a loss so my 4w-3l went to 4w-6l and then I didn't bother to play after being placed in bronze 1. Now every fucking game I play normal people say "typical bronze pay lmao" etc.... It's really getting on my nerves. This happens because my MMR is quite high, every game I play with/against at least 2-3 gold players and usually some plats.
0	I disagree. One of my jobs was at a burrito place, very quick in and out, all made/wrapped in front (think subway) so no cooks just line. it wasnt strictly to-go but the people that came in five minutes to close would get their stuff to go because of common courtesy and that's perfectly cool.   But the big difference in every other restaurant I've worked, is that the foods not already prepared. I've never seen an hours sign that said serving hours, it's open to close. I'm a cook, cleaning the kitchen takes upwards of an hour   so for perspective, we close at 9:00 and you come in at 8:55 the hostess seats you. waitress shows up gets your drinks. gives you a bit and gets your order. i make your food. i still can't close down because you may want dessert or a meal to go. if you don't it's now probably 40 or so minutes past closing time, if you do add another fifteen. now we stay an extra hour before we leave. and if enough people do this in a week i get a shift or so cut for going into overtime.
0	Just fuck you all. You are failing at "picking up girls" because that's how you see it. You aren't looking to make a bond with anybody, you're just hoping to release all that pent-up porn-fuelled sexual tension. When you realise that girls are people with tastes and distastes, and the fact that you are the type of guys that spend all day making sweeping generalisations and making excuses for yourself leaves very little to be desired about you. (Irony intended)   Getting bummed out because your wall-of-text confession of attraction backfired? Hating on that guy she's with in a picture on Facebook? Tip: Be that guy. Put yourself into social situations. Be seen. Be heard. Stop sitting quietly in the corner assessing and judging everybody.   Looks do not matter in the same sense that you aren't instantly attracted to the spotty fat girl. Of course looks matter, but if you spend all day drinking litres of coke and rubbing your greasy hands all over your face then your looks are going to suffer. As long as you present yourself well, you can look however you like; I've seen all manner of guys with hot girls, and  personality trumps looks. EVERY. DAMN. TIME.   I am absolutely sick to death of seeing Redditors make excuses for being a mid twenties virgin based on assumptions of the opposite sex being vacuous and unable to see your inner strenths? What inner strenghs? An unmatched skill in passive agressive quips?   It's the same with these memes: "Hey girls, if you like us, tell us!". Stop being a pussy. If you like her, tell her. Tip 2: To her face you fucking pussy.
1	It's like the community (or vocal minority) has never seen another reality television series besides GameCribs. They are structured to gain reactions from the audience via drama. Nobody would continue to watch it otherwise. Reality TV is staged, shocking? No. While what you see on GameCribs might not be staged entirely, it is created to have you react by only showing negative situations. Regi has said he doesn't mind being the focus of hate on the team. Perhaps why he's portrayed as a villain of sorts on the show.
0	I've lived in the US and I totally agree with you. Tipping has become utterly distorted.   What is a tip? A tip, also referred to as a gratuity, is a  voluntary additional payment made for services rendered . The emphasis here is on  voluntary .   Listen, if you accept the conditions of a waiting job then don't complain about said conditions! I am in no way, shape or form obliged to tip you. I don't give a fuck about social norms. And I'm sorry to point this out, but in the entire chain of service, your job is the most menial. It would be far more appropriate for me to tip the cook than to tip you. The service you essentially provide is carrying my food/drinks from point A to point B. Your work can easily be cut out and thus create an entire industry (self-service restaurants).   I expect your wage to be priced in to the price of the food on the menu. Just like the wages of the kitchen staff, the cost of the produce, rent as well as a profit for the person/company running the restaurant. Feel free to add a service charge as a restaurant. Just understand, that that'll be taxable as opposed to actual tips, which I'm sure nobody declares.   And what's with the fucking "service" argument? As I've pointed out before, waiting is a rather menial task. Lawyers, doctors, cab drivers, consultants, plumbers, mechanics etc. aren't compensated with tips. And they provide an actual service. So fuck you for feeling entitled to a voluntary payment.   Waiting is one of those jobs that are supposed to suck. But the good thing is you can get in to it easily. And the thing to do when you're dissatisfied with your job is to go out there and either find a better paying job or do something for which people are willing to pay you more than you're currently making. Don't blame me for your situation of not being able to get a better paying job. You've got more knowledge available for FREE at your fingertips than any generation in the history of mankind. So use it!
0	I think it's kind of different though.  I don't think people are pussies, but I think people like to collect "morality points" by claiming that something is offensive.   Does this stuff  really  offend them?  Or is there just a chance that someone, somewhere, could possibly be offended .. so they are going to put yourself forward as their champion?   I mean .. what does it take to  really  offend someone today?  A click away is some of the most disgusting shit you can imagine.  I bet many people would click on it, and then .. while eating Cheese-Doodles, playing with their dog, and watching Game of Thrones .. write on some site how "offensive" they found the whole thing.  And then forget about it within 48hrs.
1	World of Warcraft, as a good example of a game, has it saved to the account, not the local data. Good idea and one that I'm not sure why Riot hasn't implemented already. I reinstall league like 4 or 5 times a year due to issues with my client as a last resort fix and i have EVERYTHING keybinded (recall, shop, level up skills, self cast skills are all set to different keybinds).
1	related to this post which NEEDS to be said is one thing   Stop trying to rush the game and get a win as soon as possible,  so many times my team has an advantage gets an inhib . after inhib lets sit around in base for them to respawn and die. you have top lane pushing into a tier 2 turret , but no . you sit around in the enemy base and die . what a lot of people i play with don't understand that you have no reason to rush a finish . sure you COULD have ended it then but there's no guarantee of it , whereas instead of going for a nexus turret you could have taken dragon , baron , other turrets / inhibs.   people need to slow their play down as i see it lose so many games taking stupid risks.
1	I don't even think you have to master new champions (which I still would encourage though as it's always good), lane bullies can play farm lanes too even if it doesn't feel right. I recognize the greedy-for-cs, I've done that a lot myself. It just feels like not even trying to get that lasthit (which will get me a ton of harass) is me doing something wrong, when it's actually the smarter thing to do to not get forced back to base and fall even further behind.   I'm not sure if this is relevant but it helped me a lot to learn when to trade back, for example when playing Irelia into Riven. I've had SO much trouble with that matchup for so long and I realized I failed to trade back over and over again as I let her back away after using all her cooldowns to harass me (rivens E>Q>W combo does so much damage and doesn't really leave any room to fight back) when I should take the opportunity and window to use my own cooldowns on her while hers is down, that's the only way to make even trades in this situation and not get freely harassed.
1	This is so fucking pointless :>, he hasnt imrpoved even 1 bit, he's same player he ever was, he's neither primary nor secondary threat, he just sits back and cleans up. You are just as wrong ppl who say he's bad and worse than steelback (Im not gonna go trough your history and find out 2 weeks ago you wee #keepsteelback) :>
1	Yeah, Why not buff useless adc's.  Will it really hurt the balance in bot lane if they gave a weak ADC for example Quinn a little more range on her auto-attacks(525--->550).  And Urgot, they hit him with the ugly stick and an awful kit.  C-mon an auto attack range of 425, a shield that scales off AP (They were kind enough to give Riven a shield that scales off AD) and possibly the worst ult in the game.  What the fuck is he supposed to do in this game.
1	Usually in Bronze (Bronze 3 here) a person who builds support can usually carry harder than Psuedo-supports.   with the implementation of increased Support gold, it has encoruaged utility mages (Lissandra, Syndra, Cassiopiea) base utility champs (Gangplank -don't ask-, Lee Sin) and the likes. However I do think that 'support' champs still have a one up on these not so common supports, who think they can carry.   There was a issue in S2 early S3, with 'kill lanes' (running two tanky tops or assassins, bot lane) but the problem is they need to stomp hard and ruin the opposing ADC or the ADC just catches up and puts out more damage.   The issue with this 'carry' supports I think is that they lack the sheer utility that a traditional support can bring.   Sure you can use Lissandra who brings 3 CC moves (a Slow, A Stun and  Root) who scales decently well with items, however she still NEEDS those items to be useful. Say said Lissandra walks into lane and the enemy lane is something traditional but strong (Ashe/Leona maybe) if the traditional lane gets a one-up they will repeatedly stomp because the Support (Leona is this case, brings a lot more to the lane then Lissandra does).   Supports were designed to function on low gold income, therefore losing a lane for a support is not the end. I can recall many times where I have done terribly in lane, but the utility I have has been enough to turn teamfights or kite the enemy long enough for them to get caught out.
1	Its funny you should say "consider getting new friends" because that is what happened to me. See, My "friends" from high school refuse to play with me after watching me take a very brutal fall to 900 elo when I first started ranked. I dont actually see them anymore, we live too far away, but we did have a vent server - which was the final straw because I would login after my average 11 hour workday all summer and listen in on them laughing at my match history. That was a year ago, and I have been trying (and failing) , whether its due to unlucky streaks, bad playing on my part, etc, while having my "friends" laughter echo in my ears. I Ive taken every piece of advice I can, (e.g. Pro Player A  "Top carries hardest!, Pro Player B" Mid Has most influence on the map"... Pro Player X "Play Riven, She's good!"). That didnt pan out. I tried clan vent servers, Tried adding people from solo Q - thats all but failed.  I would get really bad anxiety trying to just q up into ranked. All the while feeling like shit because Ive been unable to attain 1200 elo, and being unranked even after trying for months.   Now, I'm finally comfortable with a good deal of champs, but I dont really have the normal elo to play against players much better than me (mostly because I play alot of champs im not good at in normals trying to learn), so Im improving slowly. I also have less anxiety in ranked, and track my elo to measure my improvement, instead of trying to use my unranked status as motivation. Im doing better :D   That being said, I feel like I wouldnt have had such a rough time motivating myself if I could track my achievement and felt like I was getting somewhere. Because honestly, If you are under 1200 elo Its straight up depressing already. You get treated like an idiot; you are told that your opinion means nothing. That's 50% of the community. At least give us some dignity in our acheivements.
1	If you're really fed, what you can do for your team is to ward their jungle and keep split pushing. If you feel like you can't do anything mid or at dragon fights just keep pushing and force their jungler and mid top to relieve pressure off other lanes. If they don't go top to help their top laner, take their inhibitor turret.
0	I teach GED to a vast array of young adults. We have just about every race in our student body. The race of the student matters far less than whether they were raised in (my term) ghetto culture. The entitled attitude, the resistance to education and authority, the lack of ethics and morals and the desire to take advantage of society and others is present in students of every race. Conversely, a grateful attitude and a desire to be respectable and educated is also easy to find in students of every race. How you're raised matters a whole lot more than your complexion.
0	Generally speaking, I share the opinion that higher education is a waste.  Granted, this doesn't apply to everyone or every career choice.   I served 5 years in the armed forces, and after finishing my military obligation enrolled in a 4 year Computer Science program.  After two years of school, I became frustrated with the college system, and started applying for jobs.   It took me about 40 days to start the interview process, but long story short, I was offered a System Administrator contract position making around 100k annually.  Instead of finishing the CompSci degree, I dropped out of college with an overall GPA of 3.8.  Since then, I've been converted from a contract worker to a permanent employee, and making around 125k annually (before taxes).
1	I did an interview with SaintVicious a while back (one of oldest active lol players) and he said that once you pass like 22 or something, your reaction times start to go down, and you don't play as well as you do in your youth, he said that players peak at around 18 because their reactions are prime, and they are mature enough to handle the stress.
1	Played ranked immefiately after 30 and failed miserably. After placing into bronze 3 and being stuck there for 100 games, I switched back to normals indefinitely until I thought I was better. I played 300-400 normal games just for fun and found out I could do consistently well at ad carry, specifically draven and cait. My ad carry in reality sucks but I found something that worked for me temporarily and it boosted me to bronze 1. During that time I managed to learn how to support from playing so much bot lane and that led me into silver. At these point I had a fairly good understanding of the game after playing 800+games(ranked and normals), I could actually learn other roles and began to understand matchups and strats. Now im in silver 1 as a jungler/ top lane main. There was a shit load of learning  required to get this far but I finally think I got all the tools to make it to gold or plat or beyond.
0	Average is 5. Above average is 7. A little below above average is 6.
1	there's no way to verify that somebody creating an account is a minor or not, plain and simple. Despite the fact that I disagree with this policy, it wouldn't be possible to enforce it or check it. I can't remember if a date of birth was asked when creating a LoL account (it's been a long time since I created mine) but even so, whoever's below 18 (assuming that this policy is in place) would just change his year of birth.
1	I have had an easy time against her in ranked 1500s. I was Corki, and the 5 extra range on her auto compared to Corki's hasn't come into play. I was able to outdamage her early on by autoattack + Q, Corki's bread and butter, outtrading her autoattack tumble, while having hp potions to her Doran's Blade (nice job, Phreak). I think if she had boots +3 or 4 hp pots, and got Condemn at level 2, maybe she would have done better.   That being said, she works great in a solo lane, and when ganks come, you'd better be able to get out FAST. She is a great chaser, Olaf or Kassadin level if you're low on life, and if you're not trading hard or staying back, she'll snowball on you.
0	You know nothing of what you are talking about. There are eyebrows that look good, and eyebrows that look bad. The point of makeup is to take the eyebrows that look bad, and make them look good. Some people have good eyebrows by genetics, and do not need to do this, and most people do not, and try to make them look like the good ones. Most people are good at this, and you can't tell the difference, so you think they are natural, but some people are bad at this, and you look at them and go "AMG, you should just use natural eyebrows because they look so much better" when their natural eyebrows look even worse.   It's a confirmation bias. The only eyebrows that look good to you look natural, and took a lot of work to get there, and the people who failed stand out to you and look awful.   This is ignoring people who intentionally make it look unnatural, but that's a very, very small minority.   Edit:
1	I see a rise in a lot of forgotten supports. Leona actually got slightly nerfed because of the lack of passive health regen. Basically if she wants to be super aggressive she needs relic which means that she cannot pick up talisman.  Thresh got buffed because the man issue I feel with him and blitz are mana costs which have remained unaffected. Coin start is actually even more viable, although I personally recommend ruby crystal start.   With the nerf to mobis, I see a micro buff to sona, Janna, and lulu as supports.   Sona gets buffed for sure because of the affordability of ruby crystal. What is sona's biggest weakness? Low base health. What is now affordable? Health item. Also her e aura is basically more valuable.   The same is true for Janna, who now offers crazy movement speed from passive for team fights. In addition, because of the tank and engage meta, monsoon might be just what we are looking for.   Lulu will probably get nerfed to shit soon.   Nami steps into a more viable role because of her move speed bonus.   I think sustain supports might see more play because of the lack of worth passive regen. Shield isn't worth a buy. Coin has no passive regen except for the 5 health per minion death.
1	I have been saying this for a while to my group of friends which i play this game with. And they hate me for hating on all the new champs.   There is alot of champs ingame atm. And Syndra is suffering from what i have been saying for a while..   People will not play a champ unless it is really powerful against the current meta (gragas,ahri,orianna,karthus,anivia).   That or if it brings something new to the table, something that gives them a unique niché in a team comb.   Syndra provides nothing. She is a terrible and harder to play version of Veigar. Veigar just has alot better CC and alot more dmg, plus an unending ap scale.   I was whining constantly when they released diana, she was incredible overpowered from a champion point of view. Not when you compared her vs other champs, but when you looked at her abilities their mana costs dmg cooldown and so on..   Her passive alone is by far the best in the game. Alot of attackspeed scaling burst dmg on ever 4th swing? come on ? insane! plus the fact that she has an orianna ult on her W making orianna useless.. Since she in my opinion is a horrible champion aswell.   They need to take a break with making new champs and update old ones, like karma sion and so on. How can sions passive that reduces what 50 dmg flag 50% of the time? terrible. compared to the new passives..   They nerfed Zyra to the ground aswell.   How about you release a decent mid champ that we can use.. Riot either makes them overpowered so they get nerfed to uselessness or they make them  bad from the get go.
1	There is no way you could have context placed in 2 letters said by the opposing team. You have no clue if they are saying "gg" in a snickering way boasting how they had a good game and you were helpless to stop it, or if they are saying "gg" in a kinda manner commemorating you for trying their best to keep the game close despite your disadvantage. It's the same with "bg". It could be either they are sour for losing when they were disadvantaged and act like that game didn't matter, seeing as it was "bad", or if they thought they played badly and made rookie mistakes which caused the game be that less close.
0	Well, first of all, the information you have "gleaned from being an uncle" is shit. If your nephew feeds on a schedule he is the only baby on the planet who does.   Courtesy? Courtesy for who? How does it even affect you? Take the order and move right along. If you are that offended by breasts I expect you also never check out attractive women in minimal clothing, or look at porn. And you must not go to the beach either because all the women there are extremely discourteous as well. I hope you go on Facebook and Reddit complaining about these women in bikini tops as well as the ones who take them off to sunbathe. Oh the discourteousness. All these women...they need to be stopped! Oh hang on, you probably don't have a problem with any of those scenarios.   I am sure you're not 'against' breastfeeding, but you seem to think your immaturity is more important than the comfort and needs of a baby. So that definitely makes you a dick.
0	It's easier to warm up in a cool house, but at the same time, I don't want to have to wear a sweater in my house.   I've seen the extreme situation where a set of female roommates split the utilities in a bizarre way. They decided that 1 pays heat, 1 pays electric, 1 pays internet, and one pays for TV. They had differing sized rooms and found an amicable solution in terms of money per utility.   Now, here comes the shitty part. The roommate who pays for the heat always turned the thermostat way down and just used the same excuse "You can always just wear more clothes." Heat roommate actually was too cold, so she plugged in an electric heater. Electric roommate finds out and flips her shit. Turns the apartment into a sauna. The argument spills over to our Softball team and it's mostly just hilarity.
1	You might assume those pros who stream are genuinely bad at numbers, but most of them calculate the damage a champ does at each level... I once saw QT and Krepo crunshin numbers about their champs ( I forgot what champ QT talked about, but Krepo was talking about thresh and when to Max Q or E at which lvls and vs what champs etc )   I totally thought both of them are different streamers... just seing QT and Krepo doing maths and stuff.
1	i hate tryndamere even if i win lane against him.  he encourages everything stupid about top lane. infinite sustain, constant split pushing, and minimal incentive to ever teamfight.  if you ever leave lane to come dragon or whatever vs a tryndamere there's a good chance he will get both turrets.
0	And now you're raking in all the karma on /r/adviceanimals like all the other people who come to whine about mods enforcing the rules of their subreddit. I guess the rules of a subreddit are just too
0	I live on base so I know quite a few wives and girlfriends. Of all the ones I know, one has cheated, and the rest of us cut her out. We hate it just as much, if not more than the guys because it gives us a terrible name. I can't tell you how many people have told me I would cheat on my husband. And have I? No, because I'm actually a decent human being. Yes, I know. It is crazy those exist.
1	Once upon a time there was a mystical ring called Zhyonas Ring, he was the most powerful piece of magic any mage could ever asked for. But for the great boss (Riot) was it too strong so the split it up into Rabadons Deathcap and Zhyonas Hourglass.
1	Let me start with: I don't like Athene. But all of us, including you are doing everything to help him out. Maybe he really is a persona and actually is a nice guy and just pretends to be a jerk to piss off some people. The truth is everyone, including you with your post just now, is supporting him. He makes those controversial videos like the one where he claims to stop streaming and such so people would making him more popular. Yes he looks like a clear *sshole but thats fine with him and his cause because we all talk about it. And us talking about it makes him more popular. People who don't know athene read your post about him, and see how other people hate him too and they will look him up. And this way he got known by other people. And this keeps on going the more people rampage about him on reddit and forums and all the other media. If everyone would just ignore him and let him be where he is and ignore how much of an ass he is just report him after a game with him. Simple as that he would just fade away into the nothingness :)
1	I consider math to be a tool that helps us understand situations well. My math may have been very off, as you previously stated. No matter how far off my math was, it doesn't change my point. You said in your OP (I just re-read it) that you shouldn't be hitting minions if you're OOM. I said that there are situations that you SHOULD be hitting minions if you're OOM (this was a premise I put forth in my argument since my first post), and in some circumstances it is in fact a very good idea.   My "maths" aren't the issue here, by any means. I was simply attempting to demonstrate that the mana gained is significant, and I made a bad estimate that was nonetheless close enough to the truth for the purpose of the argument I was making.
1	It's not that, its the fact the entirety of the twitch staff is now abusing streamers and nuking them or banning them, terminating partnerships, etc. Its out of hand, its not right, its morally wrong and its bad for business too. If anything it'll help Twitch if they just apologize but we have to catalyse the whole thing or nothing will happen if people just let it drop, kinda like how Occupy Wallstreet just suddenly dropped because it stopped getting noticed, there needs to be enough twitch streamers, namely the most famous of them, the League of Legends streamers, in order to get noticed by the majority. Its pretty much the only way because the staff are too stubborn at the moment, they'd be committing financial suicide if they banned a featured League streamer so they have to listen to them, or if they ban them, listen to their viewers.
0	You should ask your physician about the flu vaccine, the IM (intra-muscular) version is an inactive vaccine. That means there are no live viral components and you cannot actually get sick from the injection. The nasal spray has a "live attenuated" viral component, meaning it is a weakened version. The idea is that it only causes a localized infection in the nose, which allows your body to build resistance. While some people cannot tolerate the most common version of the flu shot or nasal spray due to egg allergy (as the virus is incubated using chicken eggs, then inactivated or weakened to create the vaccine) there are also cell based or recumbent vaccines which eliminate this issue. The flu virus can mutate, meaning as it is passed from person to person it changes, and even a vaccinated person can become ill with a different strain. Most vaccines now are trivalent, meaning they contain protection from several of the most common strains. People who don't get vaccinated put others at risk by catching and spreading the virus and allowing it to mutate. I especially worry about people with weakened immune systems (elderly, patients on cancer treatment, small children, etc.) as a flu virus can actually lead to death. It's just as important to vaccinate against the flu as it is to vaccinate kids against life threatening diseases. It may not be life threatening to you if you contract it, but it very easily could be to the person you might accidentally pass it to. And the continual spread of the virus contributes to the ever growing number of strains being produced which makes it that much harder to make an effective vaccine every two years the CDC creates one.
1	Number of bans does NOT need tweaking and the fact your complaining about the game just reiterates the stereotype that all  the league community does is complain. I dont understand how you can watch a broadcast from last year and not see the improvements made. There will always be something for you people to complain about. A game can NEVER be flawless. This game and its broadcasts great (great casters, great analysis, they show replays, good hosts, good interviews, decent camera work) show some appreciation for the work the ppl at riot put in. To say something is inexcusable is ridiculous, nobody forces you to play and you dont pay to play so nothing is inexcusable. Just stop watching and stop playing. But you wont because you know that the game is good and you like the broadcast you just want to complain about something.
0	Jesus that's probably the most genuine apology I've ever seen online.  I do understand that it would have been easy to misunderstand my first post...I wasn't really sure how much to go into because of the whole
0	Well, I mean, let's even take a look at Welfare, which is a step beyond Unemployment, and is  actually  government funded and therefore possibly, tangentially, your business as opposed to unemployed insurance which is funded by the businesses themselves and none of your damned business.   I had it for a grand total of 4 months, during which time I received roughly $200/mo. That's not a typo. That's what Lewis Black would call "just enough money to remind you how fucked you are".   In the state I live in, you are required to participate in "volunteer" programs. They are, in my experience, necessary things. They are things that local businesses, non-profit though they may be,  need  to get done. However, instead of evaluating their business model to get the work they need done, they sign up with the office in charge of the program, and they get people being herded in upon pain of loss of what little money they  are  getting to work.   Altogether it's a  massive  minimum wage dodge along with a government subsidy for work that  should  be going to paid laborers. You're not getting paid for the work, you're receiving government benefits that "coincidentally" will end if you do not perform said work. As such, it's very common in this state for people to be working 30-40 hours per week for what amounts to $2/hr or less.   When I was in, they assigned me to a "volunteer" program at the other end of town. Requests for a closer location were met with "we don't have anything". At this point I didn't have a car I could legally drive there, so I had to take the bus. By bus (our city has a horrible public transportation system), it took nearly 3 hours each way. Furthermore, the buses start running at approximately 8am and stop running at about 6pm, so while other people had to go 3 days a week, I had to go 5 because I still had a "minimum required hours" and transit time didn't count, so after transit time I couldn't get in enough hours per day to get in the 3 days a week worth of time that those who lived closer and/or got better transportation got.   So, every weekday I spent 100% of standard business hours unable to job hunt. Incidentally I still had to get in an additional 10-20 hours of documented job applications each week, but it was rarely face-to-face application because they were already shut down for the day.   So,
0	I'm not sure where I came up with this, but - don't look for the sugar. Once you have what the sugar looks like in your head, you'll blot out everything else. If the bag (box, jar, whatever) isn't exactly how you're picturing it - it may as well not even be there. Instead, clear your mind and use your eyes - if it helps, name each object as your gaze passes over it. At that point it should jump out at you. I have had some success with this method.
1	I have never experienced this on Summoner's Rift, but in every damn game on the Howling Abyss before first blood, but sometimes also after first blood. Windows, PC.
1	Over the last ~10 years of ordering stuff online, FedEx has never once not fucked something up.  I remember wayyyyy back in high school FedEx actually lost our school's SAT tests so we had to take them over the summer.
0	Are people just coming to the conclusions now that every single meme focused on a person is an objectification of that individual, taking all rights of their likeness & using whatever context they see fit?   Where the hell were you when people were degrading Bad Luck Brian?   Did you absolutely feel that Scumbag Steve, "deserved" to be treated like an asshole just because of the way he dressed?   How many eluding-towards extremely racist jokes does it take to speak out against the use of Successful Black Man, Asian Father, Rasta Science Teacher, Ordinary Muslim Man, or Redneck Randal?   You think Butthurt Dweller deserves it because he's, "most likely an internet creep anyways"?   10 Guy will be 10 Guy for the rest of his life because of Memes. Imagine having to be 10 Guy for the rest of your life.   Third World Success is the most objectifying meme of them all, yet there has been no rally, no attempt to salvage the rights and likeliness of a child of Africa who you don't even know is alive or dead.   Why is it that individuals always understand their rights only when they are impeded on & never when they are imposed on others? There is a patriarchal narrative that exists in reddit, yes, as there are a bunch of dudes on here with nothing better to do than figure out where to apply rule 34. The use of any and all memes are a complete objectification of an individual, absolutely. However, women get no priority on the scale of objectification just because they feel that the use of a meme becomes the continuing degradation of women everywhere when the basis of memes are the objectification of everyone and everything for the internet’s entertainment. There is no moral objective to memes; when individuals insist that a moral objection must be taken, then you seek to do nothing more than censor entertainment. If you believe that type of entertainment is morally deplorable & seek to change the memes, then get into /new & do the manual labor it takes to make Reddit what you wish for it to be. If that is a terrible notion, then don’t use memes. Use this collective objective energy to create your own, “Original Dawkin” notion of “Meme”, get out of the history of 4chan, & change what’s popular with progressive & positive action. There is no limit to what new form of popular culture phenomena can be created, but nothing can be accomplished by complaining about objectification when that is the very foundation of the genre.   Don’t like that anyone can be objectified anywhere at any time? Then get off of  facebook * of saying,  “How do you not understand that you are being objectified right now?”   [It was my privilege.](   Edit:  By popular request,
1	Like I said. I come from SC2 where the games are considerably shorter, but yes, maybe it should be reduced to 1-2 games.   Besides the OP said he was around the 2k elo braket, by this I am judging that he has a lot of spare time to play the game.   And yes, I am still in "school." I am studying computer science degree at university. Despite this, I still manage to get in ~5 hours of gaming daily (most of which is in LoL) without it affecting my studies, my social life, or my sleeping pattern.
1	Rumble is by far one of the best toplaners IMO because of his ability to bully in lane and his lack of true counters, also he is reasonably strong late game and doesn't fall off to the same extent that some other top lane bullies do e.g. Renekton   Finally his lack of mana and strong early game make him reasonably easy to pick whilst still providing a decent reward for mastering his mechanics such as his heat and the danger zone.
0	Ok, so here it goes.... OP get real, every day anyone decides to leave their house, they are in the public forum where they can be photographed in all aspects of their day. This includes, but is not limited to: being born (emergencies usually), picking their nose, loitering, being assaulted, being in a car accident, having a close call, making love, and gasp, even dying. Their are entire websites (best gore, I'm looking at you, and your friend, lovelydisgrace) that show even the most gruesome deaths caught on film. Go into the depths of the deep web, and there are things that will make even the most hardcore veteran of those and related sites vomit.   Honestly, I drove by a fatal accident on Friday, the pictures of it in the paper, didn't really do it justice, but if I was able, I would have taken pictures of it just so I could remember the destructive forces that ripped apart a Toyota Tundra in half. And let me tell you, it is nothing like the pictures IRL, as a former paramedic, you don't have the smells, the other visuals, while browsing and you are safe behind a keyboard.   Pictures of death are important. they record our history, both on a personal level and on a societal level. We document things like the Holocaust and the Rwanda genocide, soldiers of Gettysburg, we document the realities of war and the protests in the Ukraine. If we do not document this aspect of our lives, then we are missing part of it.
0	I have to say this is arrogant and insensitive.
0	Funny story, I was driving back from a Lions/Bills game and we cut through canada to get back quicker. (I live in Western NY) I had my cruise set probably 7 or 8 kmph over the limit, suddenly a pack of cards. I went in the left lane to pass everyone and one car followed me.  Then I saw him. A cop leading the pack. I was like shoot here comes a tickets. I merged back into the right lane in front of the cop and the guy behind me flew past, the cop turned his lights on and got the other guy.
0	I'll share my story. I'm a guy and at the age of 11-12 I hit puberty  HARD . I did really stupid shit to get my weiner satisfied. My worst example happens when one day I'm watching TV in the living room with my cockerspaniel. I get a hard on and in no time, I'm helicoptering my dick at my dog to get em to lick it. My dog licks it endlessly and I'm enjoying myself. My sister, few years older than I, was home and she walks into the living room. She giggles, I freakout and I yelled "GO AWAY" while zipping up my scrotum, I yelp, and finally get my package into my pants. 10+ years later we've never spoken about it and she might have told other people but I have no clue if she did or not. I guess you could call it experimentation because I didn't even know what a vagina was back then. I would never do that again nor share my story if someone could identify me so obviously throwaway account here. I just want you to wash what you saw out of your mind and get over it because sometimes, puberty makes you do dumb shit.
0	I understand the argument here but I must say she shouldn't have been marked wrong, the teacher could've simply wrote or 5+5+5+5+5=25. As a college student who is in a class with grown adults, I find that many of them in math know what to do in large algebraic equations (most of the time) but! They forget the basics how to long hand multiply and divide instead many of these adults and a majority always result to their calculators.
1	OP is pretending that EU fans are so sensitive that they can't handle TSM trashtalking them.   What's actually happening is that TSM thrashtalked EU, it blew up in their face, so now EU is thrashtalking TSM back and TSM is crying about it. EU handled TSM thrashtalk just fine (nobody cried about TSM's "Fnatic will crash and burn" pre-MSI); it's TSM fans who are bitchy and whiny because they're getting some revenge thrashtalk.
1	Record in spectator mode, wtf.   Shouldn't have handed off blue when Ryze was already feeding.   Should have gone for the dragon after that first Diana kill.   That standing in mid bush so that Ryze could farm... That was... that was something.   Jarvan with double buffs, wriggles and a giant's belt can 1v1 a Diana with haunting guise.   You jumped in on a fed fizz plus cait, when you were a fed jarvan plus a very weak ryze.   After ryze's quadra you should have ping spammed the hell out of the second mid tower. You let Ashe and ryze walk off without a word.   You talk too much. When you type, you make other people type back. And every second someone spends typing, they're aren't playing.   Talk less, ping more. Ryze stood in mid with 3 people coming at him, and you didn't ping him back.   Wards are for squares, right? And you're no square.   You had a sunfire, and a fm, and your team was coming, so the reasonable thing to do was bitch out while fighting nidalee because you were tanking a tower?   Start baron with no vision. GREAT IDEA.   Stop. TALKING.   "Why don't any of you go for cait?" Because they are an Ashe, Ryze, taric and lee. The only one who even has the potential to dive is lee, and he's protecting your ad.   You stole baron and lee wasn't there. That was bad of him, and it kept you from winning the game, but that's not what lost it.   Taric died before that last fight. And  then   you  started it.  That last team fight, and therefore the loss, was 90% your fault.   Should taric have been that far out alone? No.   BUT.   Should you have initiated a fight when you were down a man? No. Should you have initiated a fight without an extra body between the enemy team and your ad? No. Should you have initiated a fight without an armor aura, a heal, damage buffs and a stun? No.   Taric was dead when that fight started. Dead. Had his hp hit 0 before you dove in? No, it wasn't. But the enemy team has collapsed on him. He was not going to get out of there alive. If you had left him to die, it would have been 4v5 at your tower. You could have held them off for a bit, and if you were lucky, they might have even dived you under tower. You might have won a fight under your tower.   Actually, now that I rewatched it, Ryze didn't even get to that fight until near the end. Your chances of winning were infinitely higher 4v5 under tower and 3v5 in the middle of nowhere.   By the way, did you even buy any wards that didn't come from wriggles? At 32ish, the enemy team chased you and lee through their jungle into their bottom side tribush. As soon as you lost vision of them, you forgot they existed. This let them come at you guys from behind and squish you between themselves and the tower.   You know how that could have been prevented? 1 ward. In that bush in front of golems. You would have seen them coming and you would have run the fuck away, not lackadaisically hit the tower, and then act all surprised when their whole team, who had  just  been chasing you, suddenly reappeared.   This is a different issue from your refusal to buy wards, but it also seems like you have an attention span of 4 seconds. It's like you took "out of sight, out of mind" to the next level. "I lost vision of the enemies... They obviously gave up the chase!"   I don't know if you were just there because Ashe was still hitting the tower, but you should have just pinged her off and run away. If she stayed to die, then at least you would have got away, and lee would have followed you and  he  would have got away.   And then there was the other fight.   Ashe died because of  your  baron attempt without vision. 1 ward in that bush that lets out into river on blue side top side, and you would have seen them coming, and you could have pinged Ashe away from them, but noooooo. Wards are for squares. What could possibly have been gained from buying another ward? Better buy a... STINGER!? and leave base with gold in my pocket instead!   Also, that was a stupid baron call to begin with. "In order to get to this pit, my adc has to run through unwarded territory alone? SWEET!"   Also also, I think you wanted to go in at an earlier dragon fight with Ashe when you said "you and me ashe" when there were at least  3  of the enemy team there.   You got  lucky  because the enemy team didn't know it was just you, Taric and Ashe. I know they didn't have vision on Ryze, and maybe not of Lee. That's the only reason they ran away.   Fuck this is a lot.   Here's the thing: you're not bad. But you're certainly not good. You didn't get fed because you made some supremely awesome plays. You got fed because you cleaned up. You killed fizz because he was low from ryze and overstayed his welcome. You killed diana because she was low and recalling in a warded bush. Don't take pride in those kills. They're not things to be proud of. Anyone could have done it. That's not to say that they were bad or didn't require  some  degree of skill, but the events that transpired in order for you to get as fed as you did weren't as impressive as you seem to think they were.   The last thing is your decision making. It's not good. That baron call was stupid, starting that last teamfight was stupid, egging Ashe to join you in a dragon fight alone was stupid, sticking around their bottom tier 2 tower was stupid.   Just because you picked up a few kills and stole baron doesn't mean you were "carrying". Carrying means leading your team to victory, and doing things that win you the game. Your decision making is  not  good, which means you're never going to be able to "carry".
1	Challenger MMR helps. In other words, credibility. If I'm learning a new champion, like Jayce for instance, I'm going to go watch JustJayce. The reason people watch streams, generally, is to learn. No offense, but I value the opinion of someone in D1/Challenger over that of someone in low plat. A big part of streaming is credibility in my opinion, because that is the only way the masses will listen, and be entertained.
0	So, Fyghter, two innocent lives literally hang in the balance based on your decision alone. Your dog and a random toddler slip off the side of a cliff, but you're there to catch one with each hand, but they're both slipping. You know for a fact if you don't drop one, you will certainly lose both. Which one was it again that you would save EVERY time?
1	I feel like you're a bit overzealous with it.  Personally, when I first started, I didn't notice not having runes because I was one of the few who bought the tiers as I went up; it made sense, because I thought to myself, "What's wrong with these runes?  A buff is a buff, right?"  But I do agree with some of it.  I've had a couple of friends start to play League, and they don't grasp the concept of buying the new items in their store, xD.   When I first started, I did notice that I was shit, but I just assumed that was how all games start out, right?  And then when I learned that you could get all of these shiny things like masteries and runes, I was all excited.  But let's face it, your point of view in this argument is that you're playing with a level 10 or something at level 30, giving him/her opponents that HAVE had a chance to get masteries and runes.  When I introduced friends into League more often, I made a smurf just for that reason, because giving them opponents that are THEIR level make their life a lot easier.
0	Dude, I did the exact same thing!  Funny thing is, I know my wife uses reddit and now she might find out... She will be pissed.
0	But two people only one standard deviation from the center on each side vary by 320 calories burned per day. In only 11 days, the person with the lower metabolism will have gained one more pound than the other person (assuming exact same diet and level of activity). A pound every week and a half really adds up over the years.
0	On the first day of football practice in 7th Grade, I was clipped by a kid tackling me on my right side, tearing my ACL, MCL, and Meniscus. School refused to pay for my surgery and my family couldn't afford health insurance, which meant I couldn't go to the doctor's office to get an X-Ray or MRI. About 2-3 months later, my parents decided to get me on the CHIP program and I was able to go to the doctor's office. I was told that my leg was in good condition (for a leg that was injured in that way) and they gave me new crutches and brace (Which is a huge step-up from using my great-grandfather's wooden crutches and a Mitchell knee brace from Wal-Mart which cut off my blood circulation in my leg). Unfortunately, even though it is four years later, I still have not had surgery because my growth plates have not closed.
1	Oh god, I have a friend just like this.   Me being in gold and my friend being in Plat, when playing normals we get people ranging from high gold to low Diamond (Occasionally).   He's currently Bronze 1 and "doesn't play ranked" but when we got into higher tiers he decided he now wants to play ranked ( What a coincidence ) but everytime we go into a game with him, he either feeds or gets killed by the jungle and blames lag when it's obvious he's not having any problems.   Me and my friend normally play ranked games when he's online because it puts him off playing because he apparently still doesn't like ranked, even after complaining about not getting the border this season.   I'd just say, get another friend to play with you, it may be cruel, but it is kind of funny watching them slowly feed and get worse, currently every game my friend seems to feed or do something so ridiculously weird and disgracefully bad that it's worth a good laugh.
0	I stand by my post.  The government at that time systematically unmanned Native men and stole language from the children.  Conspiracy may be a little tin-foil hatty, but there was definite intent behind the government's actions to subdue the Native population by any means necessary.   Many of the cultural problems on the rez today are a direct result of many of those  policies of malicious intent.   I do not subscribe to the whole white guilt theory either. I'm not asking anyone to give back land or apologize.  But to forget our history is tantamount to ignoring the struggles of our ancestors and to ignore their sacrifice is to dishonor them.  So, no, I won't get over it.   My anger is very much justified and it is not directed only at you.  It is also directed at my own brothers and sisters for not taking advantage of opportunities available to them.  I am the only one who broke the cycle of poverty and went on to get an education.  I am also the only one who does not live below the poverty line.  So yeah, I'm pissed that the past government put such a hurtin' on an entire nation of people that hundreds of years later it still echoes in the children.   The rampant substance abuse was not created by a boogy man but by a culture of anger and helplessness that was intentionally fashioned by the old US government.  That cycle is incredibly hard to break when you're indoctrinated into it from birth.   The ability to properly process alcohol is the genetic predisposition.  The need to escape from reality and drown feelings of helplessness and frustration are part of the created culture.  I do agree that this cycle needs to be broken.  Like I said in my previous post, many of my friend's children are graduating high school and planning on going on to college.  I do my best to push my nieces and nephews to complete their schooling.  I am not above bribery for this.  I love them and want a better life for them.  I hope they never have to stand in line for government cheese.  That just sucks.   I will apologize for coming across as rude.  But my anger is far from uniformed and is much justified.  I never said it was a continued conspiracy, I said it was a cultural problem created by the past government.   And, JFTR, I am not Native by blood.  I was adopted into the culture and raised on the Rez, but blood or no blood, they are my family and you come across as marginalizing the people I love.
1	Few things. First off; adults do act like that, unfortunately. In far larger numbers than they should. Not everyone grows out of immaturity and even the more mature people can snap if they're having a bad day and then someone acts like an ass on their stress relief of choice.   Second; yes, Irelia was out of line. However, werecat was employed as, if I remember correctly, player support. That job is basically public relations. What werecat did was equivalent to a secretary telling everyone that walked into an office to go fuck themselves the second they step in. And considering werecat abused his power towards Irelia, Irelia has taken the punishment needed and then some via emotional distress, considering he thought he'd just lost a large amount of time and IRL money invested into an account. Hell, in the sake of PR I'd have given the irelia player 2k free riot points.
1	How is this FAIR to the one that possibly dropped w/o its being his fault? aka internet/power outage? Its nothing I can prevent from ever happening, but at the Same time this situation is sooooo easy to fake, aka pull the plug. So i take a HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!! punishment for something that isn't my fault, i cannot prevent but yet is very easy to fake. thats like punishing christians for earthquakes because they didnt finish they dinner. wtf.
1	Well not to be too blunt, but what did you expect? Have you only been following them as a team for like 5 minutes? They are ALWAYS like that, and they have a lot on their plates right now, did you honestly expect Regi to sit there and take all those questions seriously? It's Regi, the dude is a fun loving spazz, and even though he gets a lot of hate from people, he's a mostly nice guy. Yeah they may have not answered more than a few questions but that's better than never doing one at all. How many teams even offer to do Q&A's at all?
0	You people upvote too easily. >Oh. EM. Gee. I have been using the wrong picture all along. THIS must be the point in the movie when I remember him saying that line. Lulz. I almost forgot.   Why upvote something without applying a healthy dose of skepticism to it first? If you really cared about the accuracy of the meme, wouldn't one go: "Wait, what? For real, I could have sworn.. Gotta check this out." >>[youtube.com](
1	Ah, story time.   'Twas a ranked solo queue game. And all through the Rift, fuck this I am not rhyming.   Anyway, this guy just randomly leaves in the middle of a game, comes back, and presents to us this statement.   "Sry guys, sis waz in showr i always fap to it. cant miss a day"
1	1) Team comp is everything. The reason why we have the typical bruiser top, ap mid, adc supp bot, bruiser/tank jungle is because that's what works. You need a combination of CC, damage and tankiness to win the game. You didn't mention who was on your team. Most likely your team had no synergy at all. 2) You can't call Vayne imbalanced when it takes more skill to outplay with her than many other (if not all other) carries. 3) You say you didn't throw, yet you lost the game. Clearly you threw, then. Whether it was your overconfidence which led to making arrogant plays, not taking objectives, allowing the enemy to farm up, whatever. You threw. If you have a lead on someone, you keep that lead on them throughout the game, no matter what. Playing top? Beat them to a pulp, ward, and beat them down more, because you KNOW their jungler will come to help them get back on track.
0	My parents were poor growing up, working 3 jobs during college to feed me and my brother (they got married while in college, then had us), then after graduating, started a construction company, worked hard, and now building a $750,000 house on a 3 acre plot they own. Anything is fucking possible, if you'll stop creating a bullshit "reality" where you think only the rich people get anywhere, and poor people can only stay poor.
0	Ah, as a line cook you would think that. I was a line cook for 2yrs before moving to front of house, like you I hated when people came in late but then realized it sucks even more as the server. As a line cook you are pretty much going to leave at the same time, every shift. However, as a server when someone comes in 5 mins before close you have no idea whether they are going to camp for 2hrs, tip shitty or whatever. Thats what sucks about it. The unknowable. As a line cook once we have sent the food out that should be the last thing we have to wait on that is based on the customer. (unless they send it back, then fuck them)
1	Are you really thinking what you say? Ziggs and mundo where played. But they really became popular due to some changes. Mundo because of the tank masteries. Ziggs because of the assassin meta nerf and his slightly little buff on waveclear. It is not the buff on his ult. But the buff on his minefield. And that is why they removed that buff again in 4.2.
0	The number of men in porn compared to the number of women in porn is exceedingly low. You're more likely to know the dude and his features more so than the chick, solely because of this inconsistency.   I could be wrong, but I think this is where the wages for men go up for porn. Funny enough, more people seem to care more about the performance of the male than that of the female, who just needs to be hot. If the dude doesn't last long enough, isn't  long enough , doesn't shoot a big enough load, isn't skinny enough or pale enough or fat enough or what have you, then he can be axed pretty quickly.   The women porn stars that have become big names typically have to have a very unique quality that is either enjoyable, or can be cashed in on. A lot of the time it just comes down to what holes she's willing to put a dick in.     Stoya makes awesome faces and sounds, does anal, is super pale and "cute".     Jenna Haze is super into every element of her performances, is petite and provides some amazing dirty talk, as well as being one to embrace anal fully.     Sasha Grey basically makes degrading porn look amazing.     Jenni Lee has some of the best cock worship moves that exist.     I'm certain Jenna Jameson's popularity (originally) is her cum bubble blowing trick, as well as the very realistic plastic doll appearance.     Madison Scott really enjoys playing with cum in and around her mouth.     Kayden kross pulls off the super classy smart look, while sticking to mostly vanilla porn, and being smoking hot the whole way.     Aaliyah Love recently moved from lesbian / solo only to B/G format and seems to be getting some attention. (too bad Codi Milo never went hardcore)
1	Why would Riot implement a pick order/draft pick if they didn't intend for it to be the method for champion selection?   Call order is simply people trying to take blind pick methodology and impose it on draft pick because they want to play a certain role.   Calling a role should simply be a preference not a necessity.
1	I don't understand this mentality. "TSM, CLG prime are a disgrace". How so? You say they were at the top for a long time but let's actually take a look at it:   CLG was at the top during S1 back when there was NO asian scene and the EU scene and the NA scene had very little interaction. This was also back when Jiji was a god among mid laners and dominated pretty much every matchup. For some reason people expected Jiji to maintain that level of dominance and for some reason they also expected NO ONE ELSE to get better at the game. Doesn't make sense.   TSM dominated the NA scene for several months running after picking up Dyrus. However the asian scene was starting to pick up (and many of the top players in the asian scene are actually just players that used to play on the NA servers but moved over when asia started to get their own servers). Asian teams and M5 in particular then exploded into the scene with their new and foreign (as in unrecognized, not as in "lol foreign from overseas) playstyles.   If you continue to look at the trends, M5 dominated for a period of time, TPA dominated S2 finals, Azubu Frost/Blaze dominated OGN.   Am I the only one here that's actually excited at the fact that not one team seems to be crushing the opposition everywhere? This past IPL showed us just how unbelievably good the competition is getting, how good the teams/players are getting. The most basic fact for why NA seems to be doing so poorly currently is just looking at their teamwork (and in some cases basic mechanics) you can tell from an objective standpoint that they just aren't as good as some of the EU/Asian players. You can't honestly look at Scarra or Jiji for instance and say they are definitely on par with Misaya, Froggen and Toyz. Or how about Hotshot and Dyrus being on par with Shy, Caomei and Darien? The level of mechanical skill tends to be a little lower in NA right now, the level of teamwork is definitely not there either, but to say that we're a disgrace is a long shot.   Doublelift can compete with other world class ADs, Nyjacky and Xpecial are also pretty stellar players. Chauster has yet to really make an impact in the jungle so far but his performance til now gives me high hopes. A lot of the other newer NA teams are also nothing to be ashamed of. These are people that have other lives and other priorities and still can put together a decent team. Mandatorycloud, Aphromoo, Lemongod, xHazzard are all good players. These new teams really haven't had time or the opportunity to develop a strong sense of teamwork  against top level teams .
1	I think both 2th and n01d34 have some points here. Yes, sometimes players need more practice in game, and you can only get experience from playing. However, there are also games against bots, which can be a good training tool for a weaker player. Granted, they aren't generally as strong as players, but they can give you some practice.   Also, some players need the additional instruction. Having links to builds and instructional videoes can benefit some players. If you are getting reported for being unskilled, this e-mail format could be more of a constructive criticism. For example, if you do terrible with Caitlyn repeatedly, having an e-mail that said, "Hey, we see you are struggling with Caitlyn. Here are some videoes/pages that might be useful... Last Hitting, AD Caitlyn build, Placing Snap Traps with Caitlyn." is far more useful to a player than, "Hey noob, you suck. Uninstall, never play again."   Personally, I used to be really bad at this game. I was fortunate that I had friends I lived with who were able to instruct me in the LoL. When I did get to play with them, there were times I would cost the team a win by going 0/10, but they knew I was trying my best. I was simply new to this style game. That is when they made me play bots, and they watched me play. They gave me tips for builds, how to position myself, etc. Finally, I was able to play in games with them again. I might not have been over .500 in k/d/a every game, but it was better than 0/10 consistently. Now, I am able to hold my own quite well in game.   So, from my experience, bots can be good to help less talented players build some experience, but guides can be equally important. Bots can only take you so far before you have to go back into real games. However, you can practice builds and last hitting in bot games, and when you think you have a decent enough grasp, then you should return to the regular games. With any luck you can get better.
1	Except that you don't own music you buy. You own a license to play it under certain circumstances, namely non-commercial ones. Same with movies, games, most digital goods. When you buy a copy of Skyrim, you don't suddenly own Skyrim and have the rights to start distributing it - what you have purchased is a lisence to play that copy of Skyrim personally in a non-commercial (i.e. not making money off of it) setting.   Now, a lot of game companies have come out and said they are ok with people using their games in specific commercial ways (let's plays, speedruns, etc, where content creators are making money using the games). Music companies have not done this.
0	Story time:  One day I was on my way to work on the campus of a major university enjoying the sunshine.  I come upon a stop sign, stop, look around, and continue my journey.  As I'm crossing the intersection a wild bicyclist appears and smashes into the right side of my car at an alarmingly high rate of speed.  He goes flying over my hood and lands hard on the pavement.  He was obviously and avid cyclist as he was wearing the full Tour de France uniform with the universities logo all over it.  He jumps to his feet starts and screaming "Share the road! Share the road!"  He then proceeds to phone the authorities claiming he got "ran over" by a car.  In an amazingly short 2-3 minutes the police show up and he starts ranting and raving that I ran a stop sign and struck him.  The cop looks at me and raises his eyebrows in an invitation to tell my side of the story. I inform him I stopped at the sign, checked the road was clear, and proceeded through when Mr. Armstrong, through his own fault, ran a foul of my front quarter panel.  Now Mr. Armstrong would have none of this and said, in what I assume he thought was a normal tone of voice, "I want him arrested and made an example of." I do not jest, he actually said those words aloud, in public. By this time there was a crowd of people watching the spectacle and as he said this a quite beautiful student shouted from the crowd, "You ran into him you moron. He did nothing wrong."  Others in the crowd then chime in saying they witnessed the incident as well and that it was Mr. Armstrong at fault.  The officer inspects the damage to my gorgeous '97 Subaru Outback then the damage to the fiery steed of a bastard and begins writing Mr. Armstrong a ticket for failure to yield at a crosswalk, running a stop sign, and causing an accident.  He tells me to make sure I keep a copy of the incident report for when or if I take him to court.  I decided against the hassle of legal proceedings and insurance companies and just had a friend repair the damage to my chariot for a nominal fee.  The moral of this story: if you ride a bicycle obey the fucking rules of the road.  My car is bigger and it can hurt or even kill you.  That's why we all have to obey the laws when driving/riding.   And do you know what happened to that quite beautiful student and I, nothing.  I'm a tall skinny nerd but if she is reading this, thank you so much for speaking up.  I'm not sure anyone else would have if you didn't get the ball rolling.
1	Below 1200, I think it can be perceived as "failure" since you lost more ELO than you had gained. If you just didn't play you'd be at a higher ELO which can be depressing. Unfortunately, people have the false feeling that unranked people are the minority and they are "not good" but in reality, there are countless people just like them. The drawback to showing their ELO is that it can lower self-esteem and can hurt when people use it as leverage, so in my opinion, if you were to show it, give players the option of hiding it similar to everyone right now.   Another way to show people where they are in the terms of ranked skill is to show the percentile they are in in their profiles. A 1200 player can see that they are (making this up) in the 70% percentile and think this is not so bad. This too, should be shown or hidden at the player's discretion. I bring this up because ELO is a bell-curved scaling that we are not used to.   About the medals, while they may be flashy, the less you do to get something, the less the medal is worth. If I were given a medal for being alive, it wouldn't mean much to me. I think the current 4 medals are appropriately difficult that the reward is meaningful.
1	In my opinion a bit too weak. Riven is good at all-in bursts. And she does deal a lot of damage. But of the top laners currently played most are hard matchups for Riven. Especially bruisers like Renekton, Darius  and Pantheon are very difficult for Riven because they also deal a lot of damage but are tankier and usually either have sustain or ranged. Tanks like Malphite, Shyvana, Trundle and occasionally Volibear can also survive her burst and chase her when it's on cooldown. Late game carries like Ryze, Jax and Nasus outscale her more quickly after her nerfs. Ryze and Nasus become a problem for Riven if they get their armor and HP item(s). And Riven has to kill them and take a lead early or get outscaled soon where they only need to wait without dying. Jax can already outtrade her early on if he manages to block her passive with E. And he also outscales Riven. I don't think she should get buffs or something because them she would 1-shot every squishy. And that is her strong point, bullying squishy laners like Gankplank and Tryndamere.
1	Nah, that's a handwave. Pantheon does CONSIDERABLY more damage.   With a proper build and a Doran's blade, a Pantheon will have around 73 AD at level 1 (22 bonus AD) with 16 armor penetration, or more than most champions base armor.   This puts his spear at 65 + 22*1.4 = 95.8 damage against almost every target due to armor penetration.   Ryze, comparably, will take a Mana Crystal first for 450 mana, with 40 base damage on Q and an additional 36 from mana for 76 damage, mitigated by 30 magic resist minus Ryze's 8 magic pen and 15% reduction from masteries - 18.7 magic resist is still 16% reduction.
1	Kim Jong isn't even popular in North Korea. They praise him at gunpoint so that their families aren't slaughtered and so that they can eat their plate of rice that week.   As for Bieber, he's not any worse than boy bands or hair pop from the 80s. He can sing and dance pretty well, and there's a big market for him to exploit. Just because you don't like him doesn't mean he doesn't have talent. The kid isn't my cup of tea but I admit that he's good at what he does.
1	You can probably get reported and eventually banned, yes. The difference between your roaming/tournament example is that during a competition the entire team is in communication. In Solo Q, picking an AP carry after someone has locked in a heavily farm-dependent character for the lane is a rather different situation altogether.   That said, kill lanes are entirely viable, but cooperation is pretty important when setting that up. Cassio/standard AD carry is a very poor lane in that respect. You'd want bruisers or something of that nature.   If I got a report in the tribunal from several teammates who said you didn't communicate in champion select, then picked a character who is subpar for supporting, roaming w/o much farm, and participating in a kill lane, I would probably conclude that you didn't care about your team at all, just wanted to play Cassio, and intentionally screwed everyone over.
0	The only reason people keep ending up in the friendzone is the lack of initiative and honesty. Look, if you like someone, don't WAIT three fucking months before you make the move. By then your proposed partner will most likely have assumed you are a friend and won't want to think of you in another way.   Also, "nice guys" are fucking doucheholes. You aren't nice if you're initiating a friendship with the intent to fuck someone. Stop playing the fucking victim, go bold and if that sucks, go home, have a wank and cut off the friendship if that's all you wanted. BE HONEST.   And FFS, both genders, STOP WASTING YOUR TIME ON PEOPLE WITH NO SPINE. If somebody says they're ambigious about you for a longer period of a time and "just wants to be friends" that most likely means they're too chicken to tell you that they like you only as a friend. Cut off the tie, move on, try your luck elsewhere.   For those that know they're friends with people who want to romance/fuck them, stop being an abusive shithole and cut it off if they won't catch your drift. You're abusing this person if you're willingly keeping them as a friend when you know they want so much more. Stop wasting their time and stop being so damned self-centred.
1	Olaf is an anti-carry in that his kit makes him very good at zoning off a carry so they don't deal much damage. A full tank olaf can just chase around a carry, and nobody can peel him off.   The problem is that if Olaf goes damage, he's never tanky enough to get to the carry he's chasing, so he never returns to the fight. If he goes full tank, he lacks the damage to do so.   In a team fight, you either run in and die, or run in and deal no damage and have no cc aside from chasing someone off (which is cc. if they deal no damage or reduced damage, it's a kind of cc, albeit not an official kind)   What this means is that the enemy team loses a fair portion of their dps, but your team loses a large portion of their HP/tankiness in a fight. If there's only one damage dealer on the enemy team, wonderful. Your team cleans up. If there is multiple, then your squishies probably die due to lack of front line, then the enemy team kills you or your towers.   As evidence of this, think of metas where Olaf was strong. It was times like season 2, when ad carries were gods smiting their opponents. Teams were built to protect their adc. If olaf chased your teams ad carry out of the fight, you lost. That was it. And you couldn't stop Olaf from chasing away your adc unless you stomped him early.
1	I don't think the rune changes will affect jungler pages. Heres why:   Seals : Armor is still best in slot because it allows you to take less damage from jungle creeps and to survive junglers like lee, udyr, and xin's early invade potential.   Glyphs : MR/lvl were buffed which makes them for sure best in slot still. Mana regen is not vital because of blue buff and cdr is nice but tank stats are often better on junglers.   Quints : Again Cdr not necessary on most junglers especially with blue buff. The only thing that might be useful here is the buff to AS Quints, so I could see junglers that scale well with AS stacking it for a faster clear time but some math would have to be done here.
1	Stinger. I've found even in a losing lane it's best to rush your Stinger into Nashors, because it's so important to Kayle's kit. With her Q nerf a few months back, she can't really trade as effectively by rushing AP and maxing Q first. That's, in part, why you max E first. This puts even more pressure on getting BOTH attack speed and CDR. It helps you keep your ranged attacks up (which helps with harass as well as wave clear) and proc as much damage as possible by applying her passive. That's also why Runaans is so fucking broken on Kayle atm. It counts towards her base attack damage, applies her passive, AND counts towards the splash damage of her E. It's the most relevant second item on Kayle, unless you're desperate to get her Lucidity boots (again, CDR is everything here. It allows for more Q's, keeps your E up, allows you to heal more, and keeps your ultimate available in every fight or skirmish. You can "blow" your ultimate in a 1v1, then still have it up in 60 seconds for the upcoming team fight or 2v1 gank).   That all said, I'd sincerely recommend getting a second Doran's ring on your first back, if you can. Yes you want your stinger but the Doran's and boots with a ward and health pot buy (835g) is much more reasonable to get, allows you to trade in lane with 1 point in Q and CS/auto enemy while still being safe. Treat it like you would on a basic mage. Yes you want your big item (NLR/CoH) if it's available, but usually it's better to get mana sustain and utility (Doran's plus boots) if that's all you can afford.   BTW most effective runes are Hybrid Pen marks, Health per level seals, AS quints, and 6 CDR blues with 3 AP or MR blues, depending on the match-up. Build path should be Nash, CDR boots (furor upgrade if you want to kite in teamfights), Runaans, then Void Staff/Zhonyas/Deathcap in whatever order you need, based on enemy build. If they're rushing armor or AP, get DC. If MR, get Void, if attack damage or they can 1 - shot you, get Zhonyas.
0	Back in June we had a particularly good day at work and I asked if everyone wanted to go in on pizza together.  3 people said yes they would chip in.  I knew what would happen and said screw it... I collected the money from 2 of them and just paid for 3 larges myself, knowing others would want a slice, and just hope they would chip in.  The first 2 had paid me $5 each, and the third said she "only had $3" which I had said was fine.  She NEVER gave me the lousy $3.  I was actually ok with that, since I asked several other people if they wanted "a slice" of my pizza.  NONE of them offered to contribute.  I was still ok with that.   The kicker comes when a person walks in, and some chick who did NOT pay anything *offers that guy a slice."  Are you fucking kidding me?  That is my pizza, NOT yours to offer bitch!
0	Institutional education =/= intelligence. And while I can see how through the actions of some of the more popular actors and actresses you may think that the "average" thespian is unintelligent, I don't agree with your overarching statement. It's much more than reading lines and reacting to it, especially when it comes to theater(as opposed to film acting). I have seen a ton of work acted out by many people with whom I can have an intelligent debate. Many jobs don't require much "intelligence" (whatever you classify that as) but that doesn't mean the person performing the job isn't.
1	So I strategized sub optional adc kit that helps with 2 scaling tanks. The only problem is that you need to pick a champ that needs yommus ghostblade. But what I've noticed is that there are two champions that do this best which are graves and lucian because they are lane bullies. So I get ie , ghostblade then vamp. The vamp is necessary for early team fight life steal. Then I get lw. If I feel like I need to shred in team fights I go bork. If I need to 1v1 tank in fights I go bt. Your boots is dependant on when to get at different situations. Now that tanks in meta i get qss to help be active in team fights. I have plenty of armor pen with sub optimal life steal. The reason why graves and lucian do well is because the landing phase lead you can get can quickly get you to that point.
1	You have to play well. I used to be stuck around 1200-1400, but I kept playing, stopped blaming bad teammates and tried to analyze my playing. I got passed 2k, and I have played on a couple of my friends' accounts who are really low, at least 900. These games are incredibly easy to win. Someone on your team is feeding? If you're better the person being fed, you should still be able to pull off a win.   If your score is barely even, you shouldn't complain about losing. A lot of the time sitting in your lane and farming with the occasional kill on your opponent won't be enough. You have to make plays, spam the ping if you have to. There will be the times where things get out of hand and you simply can't win, but it's usually possible.   Call me cocky or whatever, but I feel solo queue is incredibly easy until I get around 2000, my main elo being 2200. If you're losing a majority of your games, you are probably around your correct elo and should probably stop blaming your teammates etc and focus on yourself. Sounds harsh but there's probably several things you could have done better in those games to win.   Another thing: stop playing champs that are widely accepted to be "overpowered" Right now, this means if you think first picking champs that you're bad at like Warwick and Morgana will help you win, chances are they won't. Try to play your actual best champs.
0	Upvotes are a function of time that when graphed, is an asymptote that approaches zero as time increases.
1	Because people are scared of him. Protip: Don't ban him, then counterpick the terribad enemy first pick who immediately grabs him. Wipe the floor with their smug little face.   Stupidest part of ranked, even at 1570 ELO, is that people always first or second pick top and mid lane. Because of that you have very little room for counter-picking obvious counter-able matchups, and champion's whos balance is held in check by easy, obvious counter-picking get really strong. Enemy team picked kassadin? Shove a Talon/Pantheon/Caitlyn up his ass.
1	That moment when i bought all my champs and runes and everything with IP.
1	It's definitely one advantage of being in a more structured environment. Both Gambit and TSM suffer from having to be entirely self-motivated, whereas I'm sure AZB didn't even have the option to take a month and a half break. If you've seen the office where TPA plays, it's just a normal place of work with other people around who are doing their jobs and TPA come in, put in the practice and go home every day. Gaming houses are better than nothing, and Gambit don't even have that.
1	Bard is a champion that won't shine that much in competitive play when the team wants to play 2v2, he'll be good in 2v1 and so on I believe. He brings he a giant amount of utility to his team but he provides very little damage.   His auto's early game with I believe 15 chimes give you a 25% slow which eventually becomes a Cone, then it increases to 45% slow and to a larger cone. Keep in mind to keep upgrading your passive you must collect Chimes.   Bard is a very peculiar champion in solo queue right now because in Solo Queue people rely a lot on early game leads especially in lower ranks to simply tilt people or close games faster. Bard's gamestyle is difficult to master not because he is a mechincally difficult champion but he is a champion that relies a lot on good decision making. His ulti can be a straight game changer but landing it is easy the problem is making a good decision.   Bard's main problem is laning he is pretty weak in the lane compared to most champions today. Annie, Leona and Thresh which are the most popular supports today completely destroy him in lane. You all in Bard he dies, now Bard at the same time can sustain very easily in a lot of lanes but he isn't that good vs All in champions. Bard can also really turn ganks around with a two man stun that lasts 1.5 seconds + (depending if you are leveling up your stun or not) which alone is crazy. I think in time people will appreciate Bard more but right now he's in a funny spot.
1	Hope you don't mind me disagreeing, but a under her tower leona is a lot more useful than a close tou your tower leona. The stun lock all-in potential is awesome for a lane gank of the jungler, since leo can keep the opposing adc locked enough time for the vi/lee/elise/fiddle/xin to get there. when she is close to your turret, UNLESS their far ahead enough for a SoloQ uncoordinated dive [in that case, your lane's lost anyway], she is useless since she can't use CC on you. I like to freeze up the lane near my turret or at maximum in the middle of the lane, so my supp can: 1- Harass her 2- Be able to push out the other adc if she all-ins and making enemy adc have a hard time running away 3- help me run to my on turret and sustain back. [depending on the support picked].
0	Now you have to buy him Christmas presents, too.  And a birthday present next year.  Then you have to invite him to a bbq (on the fourth of July if you're American) next year.  Hell, Labor day is this weekend, do it now.  If he has children, you must give them presents on their birthdays also.  And you have to pledge them to each other.  If you don't have kids, then you'll have to pledge your future children.  That is the only way to make a friendship eternal.
1	solo top nunu sucks dick   it just kills retards who don't know what they're doing top lane   it doesn't have a lot of potential, people played it for a week and that was  the extent of how far it could go   he shits all over people who only know how to win their lane by bullying their opponent, but if they have the sense to just farm farm farm then nunu does nothing at all and just wastes your top lane farm/solo exp
1	Nightblue3   I had little interest in a jungle stream as it is my least favorite role, but I turned it on one night after finishing LCS and I wanted some more LoL Streaming in the background while I was doing other things.   Maybe 20 minutes or so into the stream I realized that this guy had already taught me to jungle better.  I also realized I was paying more attention to his talking and playing than what I was supposed to be doing.   I also realized I actually liked this guy as a person.  An example is that he lost a 4v5 in a challenger match just last night, and even though there was a chance he could have just fought it out until item advantage carried them to victory ( not guaranteed, but 4v5s aren't close to fair), he just said "We might still win this, but I wouldn't feel good about it. I know I didn't play well.  They deserve the win." or something to that accord and I was blown away.  Almost everyone who plays league would just try to take that win when they can get it, and here's a challenger player being the bigger man in a brutal situation.
0	Realistically you can't have high expectations unless you too are up there on the awesomeness scale. If you are a 2 and you want an 8 you should lower your standards or get onto par with your fellow males so you can attract those beautiful girls.
0	Because who's to say it's going to have a shitty life? You? When my sister was in the womb, the umbilical cord was wrapped around her neck at the one of the final ultrasounds. The doctors said she would most likely have some health issues because of it. So by OP's and your logic, we should've put her down like a fucking dog? Fuck you. My sister. was diagnosed with cerebral palsy at 2 years old. But for the last 12 years until her passing last May, my family and I loved her unconditionally and treated her no different because of her disability. You think pain and ridicule is the only thing she ever had? She had a smile that could bright up a room and a laugh that I will never ever forget. She made me the man I am today. While I am pro-choice, I would never think let's deny this baby it's right to life because of something it had no control over.
1	I think You can be right with this e-sport's team "vs" dev team.   E-sport's team have to make great show, create everything for Us so we can feel like we are watching traditional sport's event and everything must be done in specific time to meet deadline. There is no "Oh we can just change AP ratio from 0.3 to 0.4 for now, the whole rework will be done next year" (yeah I know that I'm simplifying but You get my point).   From other hand dev team can say such things because they are probably not accounted for changes in specific time limits. I can't imagine that they have to change a champion, create a new one etc in like 6 months - if not, They got to face the consequances. There is no real rush.   They know that our community always complain so there is no difference between implementing new modes, features, significant changes very fast instead of just implementing new items once for a season, changing only ratios back and forth.   For now LoL is in dominant position in MOBA scene and they just do everything to secure that position. If DOTA2 for example (I've just started to play it and it's super fun, complex and challenging) is very close to LoL position, Riot will start to make a lot of huge changes just to prevent people from quiting LoL, to keep they entertained, but I think that it will be too late:(
1	Its actually not that difficult. Once they make the hat, which should only take 20-30 min tops, they just connect it to Barons head bone. Barons head bone is already animated so the hat moves with his current animations. They wouldn't need to re-animate him at all. Imagine gluing a hat to an rc dinosaur, you don't need extra motors to move his little hat. Source: I do a lot of 3d animation on my free time.
1	It's a bug..   "V1.0.0.120: Will now mark you in combat for receiving/dealing any damage, even if it is absorbed by shields."
1	I look for people to explain their thoughts and why they are doing what they are doing. It allows me to look for those situations in my own game and integrate it into my own play. Explain stuff that may seem obvious to you. One example I have from when I was learning to play AD well is that you shouldn't try to fight when their creeps outnumber yours or when they have a siege creep in early levels, and should push an engagement when you have creep advantage (if you are playing a lane that wants to go aggressive). So for how this would translate to stream, you would explain what you are looking for to go aggressive, point out that what you are looking for has happened, and then execute so people can see how well it works. This is just for AD, but I'm sure there are things like that for every role and that is what I look for in streams.
1	Mobas are like 80 percent experience and 20 percent skill  something something remember the name  Unless you are like gods gift to league, more then likely you will suck really bad. And that's ok because majority of us started off that way. Your best bet if you want to get better is just learn different champions by playing them in a bot game or dominion to learn how they work. Once you get a basic understanding of how a few champions work, move onto learning what different items do for a few of those champions you learned about. Then learn the basic terminology and what certain words mean. Example "red buff, blue buff, Cs  creep score , gank, dragon or drake, Baron or Nashor, MIA or SS   If you can obtain the basic knowledge of the game without your head exploding, the mechanics/skill part will take care of its self as you learn to make good decisions and bad, like i said it's mostly about experience  when learning this game.
1	Though I would never random on purpose, the recent glitches have left me with some very interesting matchups. One time I randomed support Nocturne (I had only bought Nocturne to get his limited skin), but I was with a Sivir and the enemy AD was an Ezreal. Double spellshield became his undoing and I went 4/4/19 in the end with full support items and eventually a warmog's.   What I guess I might be trying to illustrate is that though you might random a champion, possibly even one you never played before, make the best of the situation. Read a quick-and-easy guide in loading screen and anything can work if you are skilled enough (This was when I was around 1470 elo. Admittedly not exceptionally high, but none of the players on either team were unskilled). I've been pulling off support Wukong, support Lee Sin and even support Karthus with success in ranked.
0	Music degree holder, here. I teach guitar, bass, and voice, privately. I also power game church choirs. I also perform in two groups that gig regularly. There is always a way to make money with your passion. You just have to be crafty and resourceful. Sure, you can get an additional job and work during the day and gig/teach at night (been there, done that), but it is possible to succeed with an artistic based degree.
0	Miranda warnings are only relevant to a custodial interrogation subsequent to arrest. Also, I did not say anything whatsoever about Miranda warnings in my above comment.   The OP said " repeatedly shout  'am I being detained,'" which /u/OfMiceAndMenus said is "exactly what you're supposed to do . . . ask any lawyer." No, it isn't. Do not shout at the police officer. "Am I free to go" is a much better question than "am I being detained." If the answer is "yes," any interaction you have is voluntary, and you should leave. If "no," (politely) refuse to answer any questions because you are now seized (detained), not under arrest (there's a difference), and the police do not have to read the Miranda warning for your statements to be admissible evidence at that phase.
1	Bad: Far too much esports news. I don't care who got subbed the third time this week, I want to participate in theorycrafting and patch note discussions.   Good: Literally everything else. The flairs, the design, the subreddits, too. Redirecting this many people must be a daunting task, yet most subreddits are very much useful and alive.     What incentives to participate in the subreddit constructively do you notice or would like to see?     I really like the champion discussion of the day in SummonerSchool. Maybe official threads on discussing patch notes? Frankly, all of my ideas are already being regularly posted. Most of the comments are not exactly constuctive, though, but that may be a different question.     What sort of notable experiences or content would you like to see more or less of in the subreddit?     I think I actually answered this in the previous point.     What sort of feedback structures do you feel are effective or ineffective?     Threads like this, but with up-and downvotes hidden.
1	well you're the one who started it...   And for the record, base stats doesnt mean anything if you take it in isolation, you need to compare. Both GP and Sona doesn't have any defensive steroids, but GP is innately tankier than Sona at level 1 due to high base health and armour etc, when they have no items, runes, masteries or auras.   You gave a shitty example of Nunu having highest base health at level 18, because late game, itemization tends to go well with the champions kit more than base stats. A Nunu with two bloodthirsters, a phantom dancer and a last whisper is squishy late game, but he's still slightly tankier than a heimerdinger with the same items, runes, masteries and aura effects because of natural stats.   back to the context, if you compare Vayne's base stats (359 health, 9.3 armour) to other AD carries like Graves (410 health, 15 armour) or Kog (440 health, 13 armour) or Draven (420 health, 16 armour), it's obvious that she's pretty fucking squishy compared to the other AD carries. In direct early level trades, it takes one or two less auto attacks to kill her compared to other AD carries.  BUT  what makes her playable in top lane without being dropped to 0 is that she can harrass and poke with range, has high mobility, a gap closer with low cd, stealth, hard cc and a really good disengage.
0	I used to HATE spiders to death, and then I moved into the small studio where I am at now. To say I have spiders here is an understatement. The most popular variety is the simple daddy long leg. I have at any one time about a dozen to twenty of these guys living all around my place. Little babies hatching all over. I think they are pretty adorable these days. My wild pets! The are so clumsy and scared of everything except other insects and spiders.   So there are those guys and gals and then I occasionally get wandering spiders like the one in this picture. Red violin backed or something. They are super feisty little guys who are completely fearless. They have amazing eyesight and will track you with their front legs up like "Wut". I admire their bravery and their method of just straight hunting their prey. Little marauders.   There is one type under my sink that I have no idea wtf it is. A blacker spider about the size of a quarter or so. It does not attack my foot when I do dishes but will pop out if something lightly vibrates its web. It's the illest in-house spider I have. Looks like a mini black hobo but with a smaller backside. No red hourglass on the underside. It almost caught this cricket the other night. That was one scarred ass cricket. Never made a peep when it was in my apt for fear that a million spiders would jump its ass. It  knew  it had walked into the lion's den. I've never seen a cricket move around a kitchen more carefully.   That brings me to a funnier point. I almost welcome outside pests into my studio at this point. It's like the Dungeon Keeper game in real life. I have my trained predators ready to strike. Insects know what's up. Creep under the screen door like "Dafuq? Aww shit NOOOO!!."   If I didn't leave the daddy long legs alone my studio would be insect kingdom. I learned that the hard way the first year here by removing all the spiders as I found them. Now I see them fr what they truly are ... they are my first line of defense from outdoor insects. I would way rather have them than a bunch of other insects roaming around including more nasty spiders.   [Here's]( a cool video of a daddy long leg - same variety as the ones in my studio - taking out a black widow. They are thin and clumsy, but they  do not  f*ing play around. Also I think they are cannibals. Very territorial. I get to watch the drama unfold as the younger ones vie for dominance and the best spots. Survival of the fittest. Have generations of these suckers.   These days I go so far as to save the ones in the shower. I feel bad, they are just babies starting out on life and idk I just feel they should have a sporting chance. Plus they help me out so it is in my best interest to keep them alive.   I am not up to beast master level yet - I couldn't be cool with holding a tarantula but ya never know maybe one day.   For the record I am not some gross mofo. My place is clean I just have no AC so in the summer the doors and windows stay open so I might as well live outside. Screens only do so much to prevent insects from getting inside. They are determined little bastards. Some flying beetle thing will regularly push its enormous body through these pencil-eraser sized holes that is my metal screen door. I have no idea how they do it. Some get stuck and simply die in the screen. :/   Also I am terrified of insects normally. Spiders are really my first insect love and its only been over the last two years. I now see them  exactly  like this photo which is why I felt I had to respond with the story of my life.
1	My fellow shaco player.... Why do you attempt to help the enemy?
1	Context For r/All: A game mode for League of Legends that debuted a year ago today and was/is a fan favorite has been readded to the game after about an 11 month hiatus.
0	OP you are lucky that cop did his job correctly. My uncles wife is a sever alcoholic (who is now getting treatment) but we got a call last summer around 2 am from a polic station saying my uncle was in jail for abusing his wife. She had called the police after locking herself in a bathroom, hitting her own head repeatedly on a door until it was bleeding, and even tried to stab herself in the arm but it hurt too much so it was just a surface wound. The police arrested my uncle leaving his two little girls with their crazy drunk of a mother because they didn't listen to what my uncle was telling them or look through the previous reports filed against my aunt until we showed up at the station. The other side of my family is all police officers so I have a lot of respect for officers but this one drew a conclusion and my little cousins suffered because of it. My dad went to pick up my uncle and I raced over to the house to find the two girls crying in a closet alone and the mother missing until the next day when she turned up at a local bar.
0	You're a host at a restaurant. You are on the bottom of the food chain, remember that. You're a piece of expendable eye candy for your GM, probably. I've managed, worked all over the line, and have been a server.
0	I didn't realize it wasn't popular either.  A lot of people are saying that it's because they feel insulted because apparently the show is making fun of nerds...I think if you're getting mad that it's making fun of nerds, you're either not nerdy enough or you don't realize that the cool part about being a nerd is that you don't have to care what people think because you're probably better than they are anyway...I play WoW, I use alternate operating systems, I'm a CS major, I show up to parties at the time they're supposed to start, and I can get really obsessive about how things need to be and when I'm interested in something I'll get really fixated on it...I don't think the show is insulting at all...I actually relate to it a lot.
0	This will be my first time telling this story on reddit. Coming home from getting dinner for my wife and I on a rainy night, I'm going about 38 mph in a 35 zone. Out of freaking nowhere, my window shatters. I had no idea what I had hit, and I couldn't see anything through the broken glass and rain, so I turned down the nearest street and stopped. Upon stopping I was told by an eyewitness I had hit a pedestrian. I immediately called 911, gave them my information, and in about 4 minutes police were there. I was on my way back to the scene (which was about 100 feet away from where I stopped), when I was met by officers with guns drawn. I was told to get on the ground where I was immediately was pistol whipped and had my face forced into the asphalt. I was arrested and put into the back of the cop car. I was taken to jail where I was booked for felony assault, hit and run (even though I was mere seconds from the accident and only didn't stop immediately due to shock), and DUI. The DUI was dropped as my bac was like .01 or something, they just thought I was drunk cause I admitted to having a drink about an hour earlier. I lost my job working with foster kids, I had to sell my dream car to pay my lawyers and bail, and was in mental agony for months awaiting trial. The lady I hit was given 250 thousand bucks by my insurance company under the condition she refused the right to sue me in civil court later. After months of bullshit and being drug through the ringer, I plead down to lesser charges just to be rid of the bullshit. All this after being able to prove she wasn't in a crosswalk, was wearing all black, had a blood alcohol level of .34, and ran into me. That drunk lady ruined my life. I lost my life savings, the dream job I had worked so hard for, and the child I had been fostering for over 6 years. I had to rebuild, and I wish to everything I could sue her. Things happen, shitty, shitty things. I'm gonna have to identify with Stacy on this one.
0	As far as I see it, it's a very complicated situation for both sides. As it stands I believe Putin realizes to invade the rest of Ukraine (the non-Crimean/majority ethnic Russian) population would cause more harm to Russia than good. As far as I know, Crimea used to belong to Russia pre-Soviet times and then after the fall it was allocated to be part of Ukraine, which is why it has a Russian ethnic majority. Russia really needs the Crimean port which it has right now, and it also wants Ukraine to be Pro-Russia. As it stands the main problem is that Ukraine relied on Russia for a lot of monetary support, and the United States nor the EU has enough extra money to support Ukraine to the extent that Russia has, e.g with its natural resources especially the natural gas pipe lines going to Ukraine from Russia. Because of this Ukraine would be more economically inclined to side with Russia, however they clearly want independence and to be with the European Union. Another issue is if they go the EU way that they would most likely lose a large portion of Eastern Ukraine due to the massive Russian population as well as Crimea.   If Putin was to invade the rest of Ukraine, it could possibly lead to internal conflict between its Russian and Ukrainian population, if it escalates this will cause massive problems for decades, not to mention that there is also a huge Ukrainian population in Russia. So hatred between the two nationalities would be a massive issue for Russia and is definitely not beneficial to them. This is the reason I believe Putin has not pushed his troops into the non-Russian majority portion of Ukraine as well as why there has been no actual fighting as of yet.   Because the Untied States cannot economically support Ukraine, we are left with very limited options. Clearly we must assist Ukraine in some way, as I also believe that it is very important to maintain contracts/our word, otherwise we lose a massive amount of credibility and therefore political influence amongst other nations.   I'm going to throw out direct military intervention immediately, to even think of this as a solution is insanity. We have prevented WWIII since the beginning of the Cold War because we have never had actual direct military confrontation with the Russians, I believe that both sides know this with the fact that the world is still here as evidence.   Moving troops into Ukraine (not Crimea/Eastern Ukraine) and creating a 'border' between the majority Russian and the majority Ukrainian portions of the nation is a somewhat realistic possibility, the problem is we would probably receive a lot of negative press and considerable anger from many nations most definitely those which are pro-Russian. Also much of the population of Ukraine would also not enjoy American troops in their land possibly even less so than having Russians.   We could also possibly escalate the situation, by giving indirect military support e.g weapons and such, but that would do little to stop the Russians from conquering the nation. All it would do is possibly cause the prior mentioned internal conflict. It would be absolutely disastrous for Ukraine and Russia if our indirect support were to spark infighting amongst the ethnic populations as I mentioned before. This would definitely harm Russia, and is beneficial to the United States, however it would absolutely tear apart Ukraine and cause countless casualties for years.   From the cards that can been seen right now, all we can really do right now is economically and politically sanction Russia (which doesn't have much effect to a superpower), otherwise the only other thing we could do is escalate the situation and cause a disaster whether it destroy Ukraine and harm Russia... or destroy the entire world in event of direct war (very unlikely).   So this is why nothing has really happened in the last few days, because Russia pushing forward into the rest of Ukraine would be a disaster for Russia, and withdrawing from Crimea and the Eastern Regions and allowing the whole nation to fall into the hands of the EU would also be bad economically for both nations.   The United States cannot really solve the situation unless we find a magical way to economically support Ukraine...or as I said before sacrifice the well being of Ukraine in order to harm Russia. Some may think that the latter would not happen, but those that know their history know well that we the United States are no strangers to toppling nations if it is to our benefit.   In my opinion, the way the situation is going right now the most likely outcome would be for Crimea/part of Eastern Ukraine to declare independence/and or become part of Russia, and the rest of Ukraine to gain its independence and most likely join the EU. The EU portion of Ukraine would suffer massive economic damage due to the loss of aid from Russia, and the EU would suffer economic damage from having to support Ukraine, so before they would even become part of the EU if they gain their independence, they (Ukraine) will suffer massive economic damage.   Until something new develops all we can merely do as the United States is continue sanctioning Russia politically and economically with little effect, or escalate the situation.   Although I am American I honestly believe in order to prevent the most amount of damage to Ukraine as possible it would be most beneficial to allow for Russia to make an economic deal with Ukraine's new government and to keep them Pro-Russia. Unless we can find a way to conjure up money to give to Ukraine.   However, this is obviously detrimental to the United States in terms of influence. It's a horrible situation regardless of the outcome.
0	Here is the text from this meme pic for anybody who needs it:   >Title: Love it when this happens   >Meme: Good Guy Greg   >  WRITES A REALLY LONG POST >  INCLUDES A
0	Greeks are known to have anal sex to preserve the virginity of the girl.  As other comments state, starting position isn't specified, in other words, they've been doing the normal doggystyle anal sex, and now her husband is saying they should have more traditional missionary vaginal sex.  Her father, having been clueless to the aforementioned doggystyle anal sex activities hadn't conceived of the idea that they had been doing it doggystyle anal, and basically inadvertently told her to promise to not have sex facing each other.  While doggystyle vaginal sex is conceivable, in both senses of the word, the point of the joke is to imply the doggystyle anal sex.
0	Funny how people are offended by it...since it applies to men as well. In fact I'm not exactly sure WHY anyone is offended by it but that's reddit for ya, some people's jimmys get rustled way too easily.  In my defense a simple look at the plot lines of a LOT of "Woman oriented/targeted" movies or shows contain the plot element of at least 2 men vying for the attention of the protagonist.  Obviously this plot line is popular for a reason.  Generalizations are just that: GENERALIZATIONS, ergo by nature they obviously don't apply to everyone but surely attributing a commonly seen (and common sense) aspect to a particular sex is not inherently sexist, it is merely an observation about that sex.   People need to look at what's being said instead of knee-jerk "That's sexist cause you're a guy saying somethin about women that doesn't apply to all of them!"  What guy doesn't love the idea of driving a Ferrari?  What guy doesn't want to date a swimsuit model?  What guy wouldn't want to sleep with 2 women at the same time? These are generalizations that don't apply to all men, yet I doubt any men on here would be offended by these comments, even if they don't actually apply to them. Don't confuse the observance of a common trait as being judgement or derision.
0	I was given Ritalin in 3-5th grade. increased dosage a few times. Id take it after lunch. after taking it id get a headache like no other and want to go directly to sleep. Which I did. After lunch was book time and the teacher would read and my mind would imagine the craziest shit from the words I was hearing until I dozed off then had crazy 'dreams'. I'd almost venture to say that if I didn't take Ritalin for 3 years I may not smoke as much maryjane as I do. Not that the amount I smoke is bad I just know that there's times ill smoke for no reason at all. And I know my brain wants a higher level high but I ain't about to give into that shit. Not after being on Ritalin for 3 years and taking 1/2 a sobaxin(idk how to spell it) synthetic heroin when I did weekend jail, I ain't fuckin with that. I think ill stick to the blunts and bowls. Everyone has some dependencies non-tax related haha but any dependency in my honest opinion can be controlled
0	Value  JUDGEMENTS .. on that we fully agree...   and I say, everyone is responsible for their OWN. From those judgements we create our emotional state, and it does not always have anything to do with reality.   Ok, cunt, pussy, all that.. "What a fucking DICK!"  yah, I get you.  We are speaking the same language there.   What I object to is the very factual, actually scientific term "male" and "female" being assigned such charged connotations.   I reject it completely. Female and Male are simple descriptors.  I understand if YOU, in your own personal judgement, find it differently, but I find it completely ok.   Male and female are adjetives, that is true.. unless we are talking about A male, or A female.   I am a male of the species homo sapien. You are a female of that species.  hmm... I kinda get where you're coming from, but I just cannot get behind it like you are.   In the end, it all comes down to our own internal ideas and upbringing. I have no problem being called Male. I do not find it demeaning in the slightest.   I am very interested in why YOU find it that way.  And I  very  much appreciate you describing your ideas so respectfully (as opposed to so many here). You are not trying to shame anyone for thinking differently. That shows respect for others, and mirriors the respect you have for yourself in turn.  A very mature attitude. Very refreshing to see!   That is basically what I am saying about "creepy". It seems exactly the same to me.  It has VERY LITTLE to do with the OTHER person, and everything to do with our own internal ideas and judgements of people or situations, and the feelings WE create in OURSELVES because of those judgements.   I disagree that "a female" or "a male" is a misunderstanding when talking about an individual.  That is my personal take on things. I describe women and girls, men or boys as male or female all the time. Sorry if you don't understand that meaning like I do, but yah... to put it bluntly, I don't really care. :)   I have no problem being a male. I think it is not right or wrong, just reality.  Right or wrong is (in my eyes) 99.9% personal judgement.   I take responsibility for my OWN judgements though, and the feeling I create in MYSELF because of them. So I can also be interested in YOURS.  If we hung out a lot and I know you have some personal hangup about the words male and female, I MIGHT just use other words, even if I found it less effective or factual.   What I protest to is when people try to push their own personal judgements on others.  Such as "creepy" or "slut".... the other examples fit too.. cunt, dick.   (vagina, pussy, cunt, dick, describing actual physical body parts, that has nothing to do with it. It is when we describe people JUDGMENTALLY with them that problems come up. Agreed?)
1	To be honest this is why lulu needs to nerfed however, she is simply too safe, lulu is a champion that is low risk high reward, her utility is too high because she can go in with her damage and be completely safe, she is essentially the perfect mage in comparison to traditional mage picks like brand, and ziggs and while she isn't op damage wise shes simply too safe for the return you get.
1	It looks like I'm in the minority here, but I honestly think he is one of the worst champions in the game right now. End of season 2 to mid season 3 he was was a solo queue stud at snowballing your adc (albeit a one trick pony), but now that he can't do that effectively he has little to nothing going for him. The nerfs hit him really hard, but all of the support item changes have hurt him too, specifically the introduction of  sightstone  and the changes on  aegis/bullwork .  Sightstone  because it is now pretty much mandatory on all supports. This item gives no armor to taric (his most important stat) and makes the enemy support tankier which makes it harder to set up kills. Old  aegis/bullwork  rush was the way to go on taric because you could get a lot of armor early which gave all of the below:     defensive stats for taric     defensive stats for your adc because of the aura on both the item and taric's Shatter.     offensive stats because of the armor scaling on his Shatter's magic damage.
0	Well, first, if you are in a 55 zone going say 60 to pass other cars going 55-59, you're goin to hold up traffic for a significant period of time that has a ripple effect far past what you perceive as a "minor annoyance" to your tailpipe turd. Essentially, you could be backing up traffic for thousands behind you because you think you're going "fast enough" and in my mind that makes you a far deal more of an asshole than someone speeding in the left lane while you take your sweet time to pass someone. You're not a cop, you shouldn't foist your beliefs as to speed upon another, and you shouldn't be on the highway if you are too timid to travel above 55-65 mph.   As to the d-bag not passing on the right and instead attaching themselves as a speedy dingleberry, well, the light flashing is unecessary and a potentially dangerous distraction for someone that is clearly a poor driver already, but passing them on the right could be even more dangerous if the slow poke decides that they are tired of being a self-absorbed asshole and move the right lane whilst the Mach 5 racer is pulling past on the right.   Just move to the right and stay there if you ever see anyone traveling faster than you. Let god and the cops sort them out. It's better for traffic flow and safety.
1	Rene has a very strong early game, he can shut down champs that need a lot of farm, making it a 4v5. Late game he really just becomes a damage soak due to poor scaling.   Kennen is very slippery, he can run very fast and stuns. He really shines though in Teamfights. If you time your ult well, you can win a team fight by yourself.   Fiora is an AD carry. But, she can solo well with her passive and her Parry. She needs the most farm to do well, but out of the three champs, she can carry the hardest (best, easiest). The only thing is that she suffers from Assassin syndrome. To harass, she has to get right up next to her opponent, and to kill she has to go all in.
0	I understand your point but don't you see  that's what made his character so lovable to the audience..? It was the fact that he was so awkward and socially backwards while trying way too hard to be funny, all in a management position. Which is genius because the workers are unable to truly express how they feel about him for fear of termination, which wouldn't exist if he were just another sales rep. Throughout his Dunder Mifflin life, they see he has these tendencies to retain friends and relationships by any means necessary, resulting in having little to no friends and sticking with these destructive relationships, he himself was blind to. Co-workers sympathize with him over time and as a viewer, you even agreed you began to sympathize with him. So just when the office family seems to finally accept him while being so accustomed to his face, he falls in love with Holly who has the identical dorky sense of humor and moves away with her. Now while the show will never be the same without him, I can still say, with the combination of his amazing acting, the writing, and of course the performances from each cast member, this was one of the greatest shows ever on tv. Now while I hated the idea of an office without Michael, I admit, I love the fact that he finally fell in love with his other half choosing true love over his only other true love, which of course was, Dunder Mifflin. Ok Sorry just wanted to put my 2 cents in also :)
1	People here seem to not understand that organisations like MYM are just money consuming proxy between real sponsors and the team. More and more I hear about organisations that do so little for the team while still takeing % of their prizes. If you belive you will last longer than 1 split in the LCS then start your own thing. Any organisation will probably sign contracts with them lasting 1 split anyway. I would think of organisation as last resort. Thats how TSM/CLG started and thats what Gambit is doing.
1	Being a manager of a professional team is a job, and I think it should be treated as such. This thread isn't entirely for coming up with ways to help the players out, but also a PSA that you really need to trust your manager and make sure he/she is the best one you can find before you get into the LCS. > Edit: And just a little side note, I love Phranq! (He's complexity's manager) I've never felt closer to a manager and he really loves his team and what he does. You da best Phranq.
0	What they both are is extremists; unwilling to accept any validity to the other point of view. Both bug be when they have to let me know what they think. As the jedi said: only extremists have extreme views and hare worth ignoring...
0	my best friend from like 3rd grade until 11th became this person. he was that one friend you had that you would always be with, always staying at each others houses, learning to skateboard, making stupid videos, seriously everything. for christ sake our birthdays are like a week apart. but he branched off with "the cool kids" while i stayed with the "misfits." i wasnt cool for not drinking, and smoking cigs, partying hard, whatever was cool then. so we started to lose touch with each other, especially once we got our driving license. he actually began to hate on me which hurt the worst and just became a huge prick. about a year after we all had graduated, i was with some friends who were also his friends prior, get this call and its him wanting to hangout, it was like 1am, and he comes overs. at first it was great catching up, playing videos games, talking about chicks, anyways, he starts talking about "the cool kids" and how he is fighting with them and there was no one else to hangout with. so in a last ditch effort he called us and we were nice enough to let him come over thinking he finally grew up or something and wanted to actually hang out with us. nope. after that night i never saw him again, we lived in the same town until i moved away when i was 22. it still hurts today knowing i had this great friend who became a giant dick :(
0	As a person who has rich parents -- not to be bigheaded, simply to be blunt -- I can't actually think of another way to say it other than what you just said. I've been working every summer since 9th grade and have a part time job while going to college. Yah my tuition was paid for til I was 22 and don't get me wrong -- I understand how lucky I am for that. It used to bother me more when I was younger when people reminded me that I was a "rich kid", but I got over it eventually. I would suggest though that more rich people taught their kids to be humble (I have so many friends that have never worked before) and more "not-so-rich" people discouraged their kids from bullying rich kids.
1	I just finished a game with trollpick trynd bot for adc, because he felt like it and "normal is for fun". In which universe fun is feeding the whole game and leaving the lane, so that other adc could get fed?   Am i mad? Yea, i am, because i play mostly normals, and i play them seriously - to win and learn the game, not to waste my time, because someone likes to "have fun". Do not play team games if you like that kind of play - go "have fun" in FPS or RTS games, where you can play 1v1, and when you want to lose intentionally, because you "feel" like playing that champ and when there's 99% chance that you will get outpicked, you can lose without annoying others.
0	I agree.
0	Well the easiest way is to just add 10%.  Most places have a rate that hovers around there (low end is usually somewhere around 5-6% high around 10-12% I believe) so you'll be save a majority of the time.   Also, if you buy enough, you learn the taxes quickly.  For example, my area has a 7.6% tax so I usually just add 76 cents to every 10 dollars.   Finally, there are a LOT of credit card holders in the US.   According to the Federal Reserve  are done with credit or debit cards (and that number has been rising steadily).  So a LOT of Americans pay with Credit/debit and don't care how much they are paying... this is especially true for "hard to calculate" purchases like gas, groceries, large food bills (i.e. restaurants).
0	I think it's because rather than pay more tax at the end of the year we charge sales tax instead. So, businesses transfer the tax onto the consumer and with tax rates wildly fluctuating: from city to city, county to county, state to state there are different rates.
1	I tend to play ADC quite a bit, and although I'm no diamond player, I can definitely give some sort of input. Most of the time, you're going to want to take down whoever is the biggest threat to  you  at the given point in time.   I reason it this way, because in most situations (speaking in terms of teamfights), you're most likely not going to have the opportunity to directly take down the opposing Tristana as Vayne. Let's just be real.   However, if the enemy Alistar is bullrushing in for the CC, you're going to focus him as best as you can. Your job is to take down the targets by the level of threat in respect to  YOU.   I mean, sure, if you have a clear shot, and there is no other opposing threat higher than the enemy ADC, by all means,  do what you (and your team) sees fit.   I usually remember this little saying when playing:   "In optimal circumstances, your team will peel for you. However, the enemy team will peel for their ADC as well."  I hope I gave quality enough advice for you.
1	Wow!  They somehow managed to nerf him yet again!   Let's see....   Passive:  Useless passive removed, but outrageous cooldowns only reduced slightly to make up for it (except Q).  Remember, his old cooldowns were balanced around his passive, so new Skarner  will  have higher effective cooldowns on W and E.  The new passive is basically the centerpiece of the kit allowing Skarner some semblance of his pre-nerf stickiness, but I'm not sure a .5-1 second stun is all that effective.  I've played a lot of Nautilus and that .5 second root he has is over before he can even hit them with his Riptide!  Annie's and Braum passive stuns start at 1.25 seconds and both of them are easier to use than melee Skarner's.  And the fastest way to get that sweet .5 second stun is to land a Q, land an autoattack to reduce Q's CD, land an E, land another Q, and follow up with another autoattack.  The best case scenario is probably 2-3 seconds of melee range combat to land a lousy .5 second stun.   Q: Nerfs across the board!  Half ratios and ~ 20% lower base damage.  His old passive effect is added to Q, so that is equivalent.  Extremely minor speed buffs added for the 1/500 fights where an extra 3% movement speed would make a difference.   W: 3 seconds knocked off cooldown, but that is just making up a bit for removing his old passive and will probably still have a longer cooldown than old Skarner.   E: Extremely heavy nerfs!  Half base damage, almost half AP ratio, and an insignificant 2 second decrease in CD to make up for it.   R: Finally a meaningful cooldown reduction.  The buff added to it (consuming stacks) is a small bonus I guess, but hardly meaningful.  It is just tacked on so he has another interaction with his stacking passive.
1	Well with bigger rewards comes bigger risks. The old system was a constant series of small, mundane kicks. The new system is much cleaner, it has clear values and points of risk, but it's because you can clearly see where the rewards lie, that failing here becomes a bigger point of frustration.
0	I still remember when I was 5... A few days into school, my teacher, Mrs. Court, wanted to reward us all for being good. I was trapped in a line, all seated in rows on the floor, little heart racing and chest thumping, sweating with panic as she came for me. They were little round smiley faces, alternating in colours as they came off the roll, but mine was to be green. I stopped her as she reached for me. "No thanks, please, I don't want one." "But you've been good!" She reached again and I pulled away, pushing her hand as she'd nearly got me. "Please! I don't like them! Don't put one on me!" She insisted, "But you've been good! Everyone gets one as a reward for being good!" "But I hate them! Seriously! It would be a punishment. Reward me by not giving me one, then I'll know that I've been good." "Alright!" She laughed, her false joviality a guise while she concocted her sinister plan. She carried on past, defiling each stupid little child beside me while they , reached out greedily for their little face. I sighed in relief, but then after she'd stuck the row behind me, I felt a slight pressure on my back. I spun and seized the hand of a boy, Fraser, behind me, his finger still outstretched with the mocking green smiley face dangling incriminatingly by its repulsive, adhesive bonds. I pounced on a him, my other hand closing around his throat and blind to all but exacting justice on this FIEND that had violated me! "Wait!" He spluttered, "It wasn't me! I heard what you said but then Mrs, Court got you from behind when you weren't looking. I was taking it off!" His behaviour still disgusted me as he'd intended to keep it for himself, but I thanked and released him before being sent outside for fighting. And I don't think I've ever truly trusted authority figures ever since.
1	Understand that the games up to level 30 are there for you to learn how to play the game. In all honesty, don't bother being a team player until you are confident in your abilities as a laner. Take some practice games to get last hitting down with a champion and then take that last hitting into normal games. For a few games, focus on winning your lane and letting whatever else happens, happen. Chances are pretty high that if you handedly win your, your team will stand a fighting chance once team fights start happening.   Also, it sounds you need to have a little more confidence in yourself. Understand a couple things about low level normals.. If someone is absolutely dominating, there's a pretty high chance that they are a smurf of a player who can't play at the level their main is at. Also, those games are there for you to learn the game. I can remember building Malady (the OLD malady) and thinking I was an amazing TF. If you lose, so what. As long as you legitimately tried to win the game (ie not trolling), who cares if the people on your team are angry. The only ones beating themselves up is you. I can't remember anyone I was in a normal game with unless they were someone I was friends with.
1	My concern after a preliminary look through is that specific rune sets for specific champions or play styles favor players with more rune pages. It sounds great in theory, but the inability to change runes in lobby means that you are already tunneling on certain champions coming into the lobby. It will no longer be the case that someone may not have the most optimal page (say running ap mid runes on a support), they simply just will not have that page at all anymore. I think these changes can be brilliant if the option to edit rune pages can be like masteries, but if it isn't, I foresee a huge issue.
1	This game is almost completely different than in season 3 a lot has changed. I would recommend reading  a lot of the patch's notes on riot's site. Also you can watch the past few blakinola
1	What most people don't realize is how snowbally the game is, this applies especially to top lane. Most of the time you can die to a well-performed gank by the enemy jungler and top, and if the enemy top so happens to get the kill, then it's just hell from there. You literally cannot CS properly without being interrupted by him or needing your own jungler's gank.
1	Unfortunately, as a person who did more than 1000 rankeds in soloQ this season, your best solution is still to Mute.   Trolls/Toxic players are like terrorists in a way, you can't negotiate and certainly not talk some sense into them, it's a lost cause. The first thing a bad player will do is the following : once they die or suffer a buff steal or whatever, they will look at the minimap for a culprit, anything they could shift the blame upon. When this begins, there is no point for you to try to explain stuff to him. It will simply give him reasons to keep blaming you over and over and over.   I can tell you how I work this out :   -If a person starts blaming his teamate in a negative way (you can say "damn we got wrecked this time let's be more careful", but you can"t say "fucking leona why you go in lane is lost gg ff @ 20 pls & report x9") => instant mute, if you read the chat, it's to hear misses and calls, not stupid stuff like that.   -If people start to comment your actions and every mistakes you do, unless it's a positive remark (try to wait more before doing this, blabla, instead of "wtf fucking retard why do you do this gg it's over we can't win") => instant mute, don't bother yourself, it will only get worse after every mistake you do.   -If people start using what I like to call the legendary soloQ "Demotivational talk", just mute them, trust me. In my opinion those people are the worst in soloQ, they just spread their negativity and weak will all over the place with stupid talk like : "It's over we can't win with this XX" (insert person to blame) "FF this game i can't play with this XX" "It's over just surrend pls"   I come from a dota => heroes of newerth => dota 2 background, and I hate beyond anything the surrender option, I always play with the idea of improving myself, and even if you are losing you HAVE to play until the bitter end. I often get mad when I see this option popup in my screen while I'm still trying to win and turn the odds of the game around.   This is getting long, but in short :
0	I have had discussions with my wife about this. She loves the twilight series. She once said more guys need to be like Edward. I asked her what her SERIOUS response would be if I said something like this:   "Before you, (insert wife's name), my life was like a moonless night.  Very dark, but there were stars, points of light and reason. …. And then you shot across my sky like a meteor.  Suddenly everything was on fire; there was brilliancy, there was beauty.  When you were gone, when the meteor had fallen over the horizon, everything went black.  Nothing had changed, but my eyes were blinded by the light.  I couldn’t see the stars anymore.  And there was no more reason for anything."   She ended up agreeing she would probably laugh and tell me to cut the crap.
0	I want to backtrack slightly on part of my statement. I said that a child's best chance is with "two parents of different sexes," and I realize that was homophobic. But I do feel that two parents will have a higher likelihood of more effectively raising a child, especially considering that some of the immense responsibility of parenting can be shared. But not only that. It's also more likely that two parents in a stable relationship are at a point in their lives where they already have the resources (finances and time, notably) to raise a child effectively.   I certainly stand by my statement that you are now downplaying the irresponsibility of your actions. Again, I'm not trying to argue that your baby will not be "awesome," it's just... well I hate to be harsh, but I will be.   You yourself said it was a mistake to not wear protection, indicating you did not intend to have a child at this time. And you will eluded that raising a child will be more difficult for you as you currently have to continue school and start your career. So you would agree that it would have been easier for you to wait to have a child after establishing a career and laying down a strong foundation for your future?   The probability that your child will be raised effectively has been lowered. Now there are a lot of factors that go into an upbringing, and I'm sure you will capitalize heavily on the ones you can control (e.g. good parenting style, playing with your child, teaching right from wrong, love and compassion) but there will also be other factors that you will be less able to control due to your situation (e.g. amount of time you can spend with your child, finances, etc.). Every little bit counts. As I said previously, it won't be impossible and I truly wish you the best... but that doesn't change the fact that you did not make the best decision by having unprotected sex before you had truly prepared to have a child.
1	i'm expecting it   but it's k, i reached my top elo this season and i'm rather proud   could have easily paid yang $300 for a plat elo job but i decided to do that shit myself   and oh, to put the icing on the cake, it was on a smurf... my main account got banned for 'report abuse' aka banned in a desperate attempt to restore faith in tribunal
1	Oh haha right. Anyways, Elo is just a measure of how much you can contribute to your team. It makes sense to consider Elo as just a measurement of your skill when you consider people who get into losing streaks. As they lose, they likely acquire a negative mentality which lowers their ability to play, so their Elo will likely drop as an indication that their ability to play has decreased.
1	Nah. Rousing the great and noble stream army to strike at the heart of Deezer, protecting his staunch allies while Blizzard stood and did nothing.
0	You will get over that. I am 23, never had an official GF, and am currently with an interested girl, though we are not in an official relationship yet. Our feelings are mutual, but we both agree this is not a good time for a relationship. We are both very busy college students, I am a student-teacher getting my license/degree, and she is studying nursing. We both want to commit when we both have the time that each other deserves to commit to each other.   Once in a while the thought of making an official commitment, especially with never having really done it before, scares me to death. What if someone else better is out there? I came to my sense a while back thanks to an article that I cannot remember the source osf at the moment. I am not aware of your religious persuasion, but I am a Christian, and an online article really did it for me.   The
0	I had a friend who blacked his out because he got them done by his friends when he was young, like 16. He thought they were AMAZING. Me and my friend started going to a really good artist, (3rd generation sailor jerry) and he could finally see the light that his bled out lines and faded shitty coloring was just embarrassing.  He since started sleeving his other arm at an actual shop.  Not his story but a similar one.
1	I made a big post earlier today about this, here's my link if you're interested in reading it.   I compared the gold value of the stats given against each other, comparing what each item offered over the other - being Morello's giving 20 extra AP and grievous wounds while Athene's giving 25 MR, 2% missing mana and 15% mana on kill assist while costing 400 gold more.   What I found was what you stated in a response, Athene's only gave more mana when you were in fact missing more than half your mana.   Turns out that 100% base mana regen is A LOT better than 50% mana regen + 2% missing mana.   What someone commented was that if you are a champ who always runs oom - such as Xerath, Ziggs or Orianna, you should go Athene's over Morellos, but my argument to that was that you need to consider the other stats, as Xerath and Ziggs (and Lux too to a certain extent) are fairly safe champions who aren't close to taking damage due ot the high range of their skills, meaning that the extra 20 AP from Morello's is more beneficial than the 25 MR from Athene's.   One thing I couldn't test though was the 15% mana on kill / assist - as i'm sure in team fights this is VERY helpful.   In my
1	I wanted to play Shaco, but someone else picked him before I could. So I picked Twitch as a joke. I didn't lock, but Shaco already had. Then someone picked Eve, and locked. Then we had a jungle Nocturne who locked, and I decided to go for it. (I think our fifth was Nasus, but he just stayed top the whole game and didn't join in on the fun).   So we get in and attempt laning for a few minutes but it doesn't go well. Conveniently the enemy doesn't have a jungler, so me and Eve double their jungle, while Nocturne and Shaco double ours. Meanwhile, the enemy is pushing out our lanes. So we four-man gank mid. Then we four-man bot.   Rinse and repeat. We won that game, and I honestly think a good part of that was because we were actually willing to break the rules and have fun. I should have added those guys. They were amazing players.
1	I guess I'm the only one that dislike this idea.   Main reason being that "veterans" got lucky and got ahead of the curb before IP gains were cut and champion prices increased. You know how difficult it is to get to the point of encountering this excess IP "issue"? It's extremely difficult nowadays.   I have been playing since Season 1 and it was so easy to attain IP with all the IP weekends, free IP quint events, and sub-6300 champion releases. If anything, we need to make it possible to speed up the rate people get content and still make an IP sink past the necessary content.
1	I played normals from 1-10 and swapped to co-op vs AI for the next 20 levels, I came straight off bots onto normals and had 0 problems, I understood the mechanics just fine, I knew how to play the champions I owned.   Shortly after went into ranked when I had enough champions and always came out well (I played support, more of a fun relaxed role where it's really hard to get blamed for a team losing).
0	There is a song called "Jueves" by la Oreja de Van Gogh ( spaniard band) that talks about this girl who would refuse to take the right train just to see this guy. She always wished that she would be "taller" and a bit more clever, sometime she wished she were one of those magazine models. In an attempt for him to notice her. Right when she takes a leap of faith and decides to talk to him, she finishes giving him "her last breath", literally because at the end the train crashes and she dies. The song refers to the terrorist attacks in Barcelona on March 11, 2005 which killed the people on the train. So .... Just wanted to share the song.
0	Bikes can come back to you. When I was 16 I saved up for a new Trek- it was stolen a few years later from my back yard, fucker sawed right through the ulock. Saw it at a pawn shop a month later, ran and told a cop who absolutely loathed bike thieves and we drove his squad car, lights and siren on, the 5 blocks back to the pawn shop because "those fuckers might get rid of the evidence". We get there and he bounds into the shop full of righteous fury, leaving me locked in the back seat of his squad car. Comes back 30 seconds later wondering where I am and finally lets me out of the car to point out which bike was mine. Pawn shop is full of lies and claim that the thief must have sneaked the bike into their shop to "make them look bad". Cop told me to take the bike a leave and I got the hell out of there as he screamed at them.   Same bike was lost again, I quit a small touring circus in during a stop in LA; we parted on poor terms and they drove off with my bike still locked to the back of their van. Thought it was lost for good- 3 years later in New Orleans, some friends were about to bike to a party; seeing that I was on foot, one of them offered me his guest bike, which of course was my trek. Same labels, same scratches, a little more rust, but totally my fucking bike. 10 years later and I still have it- it is now locked up with a 5 ft fahgettaboudit chain.
1	Great job man! I'm an aspiring ui designer and love seeing other peoples work and learn from them. In my opinion, you definitely had it with your original concept. What I've learned throughout the years is that non designers def request things and think a way looks better, but they don't fully think about how each element works together and contributes to the whole.. You know the saying, too many cooks in the kitchen? I definitely see where you were going in your original design and I definitely prefer that one. I just feel that it is more efficient and makes sense, user friendly, and innovative.
1	I would say that this is essentially a buff in disguise, but I could be wrong.     New Passive - Buffed version of E (doesn't alert enemies) now made in passive form allowing WW to out-duel any champion in the game and easily stay on top of them at level 1 simply by taking either Q or W first which would give him huge sustain on top of extreme movespeed. Level 2 will be even more of a stomp, when he has Q and W.     Q - Flat damage was reduced, making it worse in the jungle, but better in lane. Took the AP ratio off in favor of an AD ratio, as well as reducing mana costs and adding a percent missing health aspect. AD has always been better on WW simply because he is so good at sticking to enemies and sustaining. Putting an AD scale is only a buff because people rarely build him with AP, and the percent missing health will rack up damage quickly and provide Warwick with an almost certain kill on any champion below 50% health due to his new passive stickiness and increased damage Q (giving increased healing).     W - Unless you failed to mention that W would still only have half effect for allies, this is a huge buff for W, giving allies the same bonus attack speed at level 1 (40%) that it normally would at level 5. Warwick's old passive was also added (though it does 1 less magic damage and healing per hit at 18). With blood scent on an enemy it would also give him more attack speed than usual at level 5, and with max CDR he would be able to keep W active permanently (as he already can), meaning he never needs to build an attack speed piece.     E - An added spell on low cooldown also scaling with AD and costing low amounts of mana. With an AoE effect Warwick can now quite easily splitpush at will, and will have increased damage in teamfights even more so that solo lanes.     R - Not a buff on damage, but it can also make Warwick significantly tankier, yet I still consider this a nerf to his ult, besides its new symbiotic relationship with his passive and thus his other powers.       I expect that if this were to go through we would see a top lane Warwick begin crushing people.     The low mana cost and spammably low cooldwon of E will allow him to build certain items that will cause him to wreck lanes, discussed more specifically later.     His Total AD scaling, low cooldowns, and percent health damages (both missing and max) will make him deal large amounts of damage without building significant damage items.       Perhaps his most overpowered feature is the items he will now be able to build.   *We already know that building BoRK on Warwick allows you to bring many characters to 50% health rather quickly. At this point in live you would only gain the benefit of your increased movespeed and reveal, but with the new changes he will become nearly unstoppable at this point, gaining low cooldown percent missing health and increased attack speed as well as increased armor and magic resist if you haven't already used your ult.   *The low cooldown on E will allow Warwick to splitpush lanes and also proc sheen passives quickly and easily along with Q. This will mean that he will not only be able to easily push minions, but also quickly destroy towers with Trinity Force (even quicker than currently with W). This tactic will be hard to stop because on top of this new excellent push Warwick will also have the ability to duel almost anyone in the game, meaning teams will need to send at least two champions and creating a nearly unbeatable splitpusher, similar to where Tryndamere was not long ago. This will also increase his damage in fights, either with Iceborn Gauntlet or Trinity Force.   *The low mana cost and cooldown of E will mean that Warwick will easily be able to stack a manamune (which some people already do, but with Q it is much more risky and much harder). Manamune toggle is destructive with Warwick's R already, but the new changes will make a high risk high reward piece into a low risk high reward piece that will be bought on every Warwick ever.
1	I'm going to mention this because most people on the "we want runes or rune pages cheaper" bandwagon seem to shove this under the rug or down vote it.   Runes although a semi flawed system, are there to help you learn the game. Getting runes faster so you can jump into ranked faster how the system was designed and not the point of the game. Ranked is for competitive players with the skill to compete for the possibility of going pro not for casual Joe Blow to show his E-penis saying he is diamond. If you think there are bad/toxic players in ranked now, just wait until you get players who just start the game with only 130 wins it took them to get to level 30 but 200-300 loses but because riot made runes cheaper and easier to get they think they are ready for ranked play. Getting more runes and pages cheaper doesn't mean you will win games. Players have to know why these runes make (whatever champion) better not just because some pro on solomid.net or clg chauster said so.
1	His passives are great, but the mana restore is very low so many Tarics just ignore the mechanic completely. Good use of that passive is part of what defines a great Taric. You should be getting as many extra auto attacks in as possible, and play with an aggressive laner who likes to push. Keeping bottom lane under the enemy's tower is a great way to deny early CS, and proper warding of the river/tribrush allows you to do this with very little risk to yourself. Any time the enemy is able to push off their tower you have the best burst support w/ DPS like Graves/Draven who have very high physical only burst that is multiplied heavily by your shatter.
1	Totally agree with this. Just yesterday I was playing a ranked match at 1300 elo. I was first pick and said I wanted mid. I assumed that the others would respect my choice since I was first pick but the third pick proceeded to insist that he go mid. I also thought about it and taking mid as a first pick did not seem a wise choice(does it even matter at 1300 elo?)   So i grabbed alistar and went support instead. We ended up wrecking the other team 24-5 and it seemed like their team did not co-operate at all. They had a cait and cho gath bot lane and the cho gath started by getting sorc boots.
1	I, for one, downvoted you because i think the use of terms like 'fucking pathetic' is more aimed at insulting ppl than at actually contributing to the discussion by pointing out your thoughts.
0	Actually, like it or not, at 18 your are in fact an adult (in America at least).  Also being a teenager and being an adult are not mutually exclusive.  Perhaps the word you mean to say is grown up, but many would say that even at 20 you're not grown up, or even at 30 you're not grown up, etc.  It is essentially just a way for older people to bitch at younger people because they don't like to think of these younger people as adults.   EDIT:
1	Say what you will about the hype and the circle jerk but various high elo players who have played on both servers will attest that Korean Solo Queue has a higher average level of mechanical play in the Challenger and D1 tiers than the other regions. An observation commonly brought up to explain this is that solo queue is a real recruiting ground for top teams in KR, and there's good money in pro play there. Because of this, players are more focused and dedicated on average, taking their play very seriously in the hopes that they might be noticed and asked to try out for a team. Because this is apparently the culture of KR solo queue, you can see how it would be difficult to compete unless you're playing with just as much dedication and intensity, as well as of course with the high level mechanics that come from focused gameplay (just think how often pro players say they don't play as well when they stream--focus really does translate to higher performance in decision making and mechanics).
1	AD on bonetooth nerfed, not on abilities.   A skill shot? Oh no, now i have to have the mental capacity of at least an ant to play him.   Removed tankiness in exchange for an AD debuff so he can duel better, which he was designed for.   Removed stealth in exchange for the ability to chase better.   And ult consumes ferocity to increase duration. (Side note: If you knew what you were doing, you'd have five ferocity, activate Q then ult immediately, then strike when you had 5 ferocity again so you could triple Q meaning that youd have no ferocity to consume with your ult anyways.)
1	Here's my take on Sion - I put it in that thread as well. I'd love some feedback!   I've always felt like the execution of Sion's lore is where he falls most flat. The human battering ram is more like the human minigun - he's incredibly slow and pointless at all times until you begin firing off with his ult, then he can mow down absolutely anyone in a matter of seconds with no danger. Battering rams have a very long wind up time, with a satisfying, incredibly strong, single strike as a payoff. The revived, feels-no-pain battering ram should have a similar feeling to that, as opposed to the light-strikes speed based attacker we have now.   As such, I think Sion should remain AD, and any AP ratios mixed into his kit should be a result of the magic that reanimated him, not anything that he is actively doing himself. He should fit the undead battering ram theme much more closely, with powerful blows that take a while to fire off. He should also have moves that actively put him in danger to reflect his reckless nature. These are the ideas I came up with:     His stun needs to stay, but does not need to be magic based. I believe it should reflect the way a battering ram can slam through hard objects and should have him gradually increasing his speed in a straight line, charging toward the opponent. The first opponent he impacts should be carried with him to the end point of the charge and stunned for the duration of the move. Either that or the first person impacted is blown backward. The amount of distance travelled in either case would depend on how much speed he had built up by the time he impacted. This move's damage would scale with AD.     His shield is problematic, as while it allows him to charge front lines as he would thematically, it does so by disregarding his reckless nature. I believe it should be based off of his health, and should also be based around his love of battle. Something that scales with the number of nearby enemy champions would make this a viable move in-lane, but not overpowered, while scaling very well into teamfights in the late game. Since it scales off of %health in strength, it can also have an AP ratio that deals a type of burn damage as long as the shield is up, although that idea is not fully formed yet.     His health scaling + extra damage + self-damage, are currently the most interesting part of his kit to me. The self-damage in order to deal extra damage are currently the most thematically representative part of his kit. Keeping this similar to what it already is would be best, but in order to preserve his hybrid nature, make the extra damage he deals scale with AP and deal magic damage on hit. The explanation for this can be that his bloodlust became personified with the magic used to revive him, and now whenever he feels particularly strong bloodlust, he actually feeds off the health of the enemies he slays. Keep the health scaling essentially what it is.     His ult needs to be scrapped entirely, except for the auto-attack enhancing portion. It makes no sense. Battering rams do not 'swish', nor do they attack incredibly fast. They do not heal in an AOE, they create devastating impacts and destroy things in their area. As such, his ult needs to focus on making those devastating impacts feel truly terrifying. The concept I have reduces his attack speed by a set percentage, but increases the damage dealt by each blow dramatically. Each blow also slows the person being hit, and deals AOE damage around the center of the blow. People near the center who aren't the target are pushed away each blow.       His passive should incorporate a type of tenacity. I'm not completely sure how that would be balanced, but his presence needs to constantly be looming and threatening. Even though he is slow, he's constantly moving toward you and is always a threat.   I realize my conception of his stun is similar to Hecarim's Devastating Charge in the second instance, although the distance the person would be blown back is much greater and is meant to be used more as a position changer than an engage. My conception of him hopefully preserves both AD and AP play, and also allows counterplay. It also allows for him to scale well with movement speed and attack speed, while still being stopped by hard CC, as his stun move is not a dash, but is instead a movement speed modifier. This way, if you can stop him from getting into position to deliver his devastating blows, then he will be much less dangerous, but still a force to be reckoned with, and never something that can be completely ignored. If he doesn't get time to draw back and power up like a real battering ram, he'll be a kitty cat.   As far as aesthetics go - he needs to be a hulk. He needs to be absolutely massive for a human, as I highly doubt Noxus of all places would have revived him without adding a few augments of their own. I like the green coloration, although it needs to be updated, and I believe his axe should be blunt, perhaps made of stone. The sharp edge of the Chopper can come from magic, as specified in his kit above. Perhaps lop off one of his hands and replace it with the axe? Either it's a manifestation of his bloodlust or Noxus added it themselves. Everything about him should personify "heavy" - even champs such as Gragas feel relatively light when moving around. Sion needs to stomp, charge, and attack with heavy-handed, extreme, ungraceful power. Whatever move he uses that drains health from him needs to cause some sort of bleeding effect to happen on his model.   If his lore is to stay the same, he needs a scar on his neck, specifically, since he was beheaded. Perhaps his new joke or taunt could have something to do with him juggling his head around. Emphasize his undead nature by showing the wear and tear on him - I'm a fan of him being armorless, but with multiple weapons sticking out of his back. When he dies, he falls with a thud and his head rolls away.   I recognize that there are some weaknesses in this conception of him, and I would like feedback!
1	So i'm a main ADC for about 2 Years now. Currently Gold 4, S3 Gold2/3.   I've been thinking a lot about the upcomming changes and i have a lot of things i'd like to share.   I think  Ezreal  will be seen more often, due to the fact that "blue" bild is gonna be better i think. A Muramana combinded with the Essence Reaver would be pretty good on Ezreal. Essence Reaver is gonna be somewhere between the old BT and the even older Elder Lizard Blue Builds we knew. I'm not sure if Frozen Gaunlet will be in here or not, the new Botrk could also Match pretty good with Ezreal due to the fact BotRK Passiv procs on Ezreals Q. Muramana + 8% Current HP could hurt.   I was a main  Graves  player back in S3, had over 200 games with him so im personally think Graves could be relavent again.  He already got some slight Buffs some Patches ago, and the Rune changes also was sort of a buff for him. Giving him HP or HP/lvl Runes insted of Armor is pretty good on him, because of his passiv which makes the HP even more cost efficent. I think you can still buy a Bloodthrister on him. Because his low range the Shield BT is gonna give him plus his passiv and HP Runes gonna make him quite a beef guy to deal with, even for Brusiers. Not really sure how his DPS is gonna be. Maybe Toplane Graves could be viable, with sort of a BT, Cleaver Build.   I also think  Sivir  could make a return. I feel like the new BT fits her, same like Graves. Because of her Sort Range and lake of an Escape a Shield could be pretty neat. You can disagree with me, but the new Ghostblade could be good on her aswell. Combining her ult and her passiv with the active of Ghostblade should make her a pretty sick kiting machine. The additional Armor Pen on Ghostblade should make her Q hit harder.   To be honest i have no idea where  Vayne  is going to stand after the update. The change to BotRK are going to affect Vayne in both ways. The nerfs on Lifesteal and active will make her early game even worse, but the buffs on the passiv dmg will make her late game even more terrifing. It is probalby going down on "survive lane, get into mid-late game, carry hard". Maybe Ghostblade on Vayne after BotrK for additional Kiting potencial?   About  Caitlyn . Well i think if people continue to build a BT on her, she will probably stay where she was. High range ADC with average damage, but if people start to Build IE (what i prefered to do even befor this patch) i feel like that could strengthen Caitlyns mid-game. Staying in the Back, dishing out crits, while you kite bruiser who try to kill you.   Same goes for  Ashe . IE is a Item made for Ashe. Because of her passiv and her +4% attackspeed per Level Scaling, IE was already a really strong Item on her compeared to some weird people who thought BT is a good choice on Ashe... seriously why would you ever want to build a fucking BT on Ashe? If you need the Livesteal BotrK is better in every way for her and don't tell me its for the AD Scalings on her W...  Ashe always was the crit procing kiting machine. period. She definitly gets stronger with the new Patch, Question is just if people will play her (and stop build a BT...)   In the End of S3 and the Start of S4 i was a  Corki  Main. My corebuild was always Triforce + Sorce shoes  (sounds weird, but ad corki still does retarded amounts of magic dmg, in fact ad corki does more magic dmg then physical dmg)  followed by either BT, IE, BotrK or even LW. The cool thing about Corki is that after a Triforce, you can build pretty much whatever you want, or rather whatever you need You could probably even make a Triforce/Essence Reaver Build work on him. Corki could make most Item changes work on him, because he is such a alrounder, but nothing is really a big boost to Corki. I feel like he will just remain where he is, maybe a bit higher. Definitly not a high priority pick.   Kog'maw  could probably be on the rise. In fact he already is. A IE, BotrK Build would dish out tremendously ridicilous amounts of damage. A %Max HP Ability + 8% Current HP from Botrk + 250% crits & 80AD from IE would just be disgusting. He still has his weakness that he has little to no escape, which makes him vunerable to assasins and gap closers. The Warden/Omen nerfs could come in pretty nicly for him to do some kiting. I also feel like Ghostblade could be pretty neat on him. Attkspd and Movement Steroid for 6 Seconds. Most Teamfights are over in 6 Seconds anyway, especially if you have a Kog with IE and BotrK.   To be honest, i really suck at  Draven . So i can't and won't talk to much about him. But as Top comments says. A Draven with some lucky Crits from Ghostblade or IE (or both) would be pretty ridicoulus. One axe and a quater life or even more gone. You fucking wh00t m4t3.   I can't say much about  Lucian ,  Twitch ,  Tristana  ,  MF  and  Varus . Lucian and Twitch are going to get nerfs we don't know about yet. Could make them Trash Tier, could make them normal, or still godtier. I don't know. For Tristana i'm unsure. Could go in any direction. I personally think they should remake Tristanas abilities. Either make her a full AP Assassin or a "real" ADC. Right now You can build both, but can't be both. The abilities of Late-game AD tristana just feel weird. They are kinda useless in terms of dmg, since none of them scales with AD. You are just this long range 90% Attkspd Steriod Auto Attacking Girl. Make her abilities (or at least some) scale with ad and reduce the attackspeed steriod to maybe 40-50% something. For MF and Varus im compleatly clueless. Maybe they gonna rise, maybe they gonna be trash tier. None of the Changes are really god Tier for them, but they aren't useless also. So i don't know.   Ardent Censer  and  Mikael's Crucible  probably are going to make sustain-mage supports rise. I pretty sure  Janna  is going to be God tier support. Ardent Censer is litterly made for Janna, since Janna has a Shield AND a AoE Heal. 40% Attkspd Buff for 6 Seconds for all and lastly the 8% Movementspeed synergizes with Jannas passivs. Also Supports like Nami, Sona, Karma, Soraka, Lulu, Alistar, even Nidalee and Lux Supports are getting more usefull with just a Ardent Censer. I believe that Ardent Censer will get nerfed pretty soon with something like  "If the Heal is AoE it only affects the nearest allied champion"  or something. Janna, Soraka and Alistar can give ther whole Team a 40% Attkspd Buff for 6 Seconds WTF, thats gonna be nerfed 100%. With this in mind, Hard Carry ADC like Vayne, Kog, Twitch will have a sustain support by their side which can peel for them and give them a 40% attkspd buff, which also makes them probably better after this Patch.
0	Actually, Ed Milliband is arguably the biggest scumbag on this. Or peter mandelson.   The coalition raised tuition fees as the Browne review (commissioned by Labour in 2009) recommended that they did- Ed Milliband wrote the Labour 2010 manifesto, in which they said nothing on how to fund extra university places, but which hinted at employing the changes from the review. Peter Mandelson heavily implied this, and in the election campaign Gordon Brown and others argued that "we can't tell you how we're going to fund this- that's why we're waiting for the Lord Browne's review, which we shall implement".   So the coalition confirmed a review that Labour commissioned, and which Ed Milliband had a hand in supporting, both actively in parliament and passively in the manifesto, and only after they lost the election and he became leader, seeing how unpopular it was, suggested a graduate tax- the Lib Dem's idea before the election.
1	Looking at your name and flair, I am assuming you main zed. As zed, if you get a lead, it is super good to go got lane with ult. also, buy wards. Ward up in the enemy jungle, and if you catch him unprepared doing his jungle, and you are ahead, just kill him. Roam bot if they are pushing and ult their adc and try to get kills. Make sure you push your lane into tower before doing these things, though, as you don't want to lose a lot of cs. Keep aware of your map and what is going on in the game. If you are top lane, it depends. If you are a teamfighting champion like Maokai, look for tp plays and farm until they appear. If you are a splitpush dueler like riven or Fiora, then win lane hard and Create tons of pressure. If you can bring the junglers r mid laner top lane and kill/escape, you are relieving tons of pressure off of your other lanes to get back into the game, and to get dragons. Ward up the topside jungle and look for roams to mid lane with any ahead top laner as well. Steal buffs and jungle camps as the respawn times are huge and it hinders the enemy jungler by a lot. If you get ahead enough to 1v2, then do it. Get towers and keep going. Eventually more and more people will come to you, so your team gets farther and farther ahead. If they ignore you, though, then just keep getting towers. Make sure you don't splitpush when your team is at base, tho, as then they can 5 man you without you guys doing anything in response.
1	It's because League's engine is complete shit. The company outsourced its customer service to its own customers in the Tribunal, made more money than Blizzard last year and still barely puts anything back into the game. They didn't even do maintenance this week and the patch that was scheduled for the 6th simply never happened with no warning or update regarding it being late save one that said, "these final hours of the season" implying there were less than 23 hours left.   They took the DotA concept, got rich quick, and now are just.. holding on heralding their product as the be-all end-all of E-sports while simultaneously taking as much money out of their corporation as is humanly possible. An almost 7 year old company created by, "entrepreneurial gamers" that takes as much as it can and gives almost nothing back.   There are thousands of issues that make the game a joke from a professional standpoint. Warcraft 3, for example, took great strides to prevent all manners of exploits and bugs in unit pathing, etc. In this game you can literally look at the Fog of War in a place your team has no vision and see certain spell effects and animations and it's such a problem most pro-players plan for it by not using skins or taking certain jungle routes. Pathing is a joke; minion/creep behavior is coded by a dog, apparently and 20% of the items sold in the store are never purchased.   Oh yeah, less than 18% of all new champions released are, "viable" at tournament level play. It's all a facade. They have guys like Morello and Xypherous pretending to be hardasses who just care about game balance in a game with a shitty engine, exploitable mechanics, stupid bugs that haven't been fixed in more than 3 years who touts, "the biggest prize pool in e-sports history" while not accounting for the fact that the prize is divided by 5 plus the sponsor's cut. Cool.   Did I mention they secretly amended Azubu Frost's punishment to be 20% of total prize winnings? If I was Azubu Frost I'd lose on purpose just so they'd have to pay the entire thing out to TPA. I hope that's what they did.
1	I really just think they need to let people do this. The only reason I'm not willing to spend money on any of the bundles is because other than skins (which I only care about a couple) I'm not going to get anything out of them. There's still 30ish champions I don't have, and I probably would fork over some cash if I knew that I could save money by buying only champions I want. The discounts are cool, but they honestly don't change my decision.
0	This sort of happened to me. When I was 18, I bought myself a car, paid for driving lessons, got my permit, all on my own dime, spent about $5,000 in total. My dad started borrowing my car all the time (I lived with my parents at the time). One day, he got in an accident and totaled my car. I never got to finish my lessons and I never got my driver's license till this day. :(
1	ACTIVE: Riven unleashes a 2200-speed wave of energy in a cone, dealing physical damage to all enemies hit. Damage is increased by 2.67% for every 1% of an enemy's missing health, capping at 200% bonus damage (300% damage total) against enemies with 75% or more missing health.
0	One lesson I have learned about myself:  I can't take notes.  I have incredibly low reading comprehension.  If you read it to me or if I see it in a video or powerpoint presentation I will remember it forever.   I tried to take notes for years and all it did was hinder my learning.  If I just sit there and pay attention I remember 99% of what the teacher says and does.  If I do take notes I am too busy doing that and I end up not remembering anything.
1	Hoooooolyyy shiiiiiiit that amount of text.
0	I guess you don't have a tablet, laptop, or a smartphone. Barnes and Nobles doesn't believe in the staying power of books. Paper companies are losing sales as time goes by. Every green initiative involves going paperless. You've been able to get out of handwritten notes since the tape recorder came out in the 70s (I'm not sure of that decade, so don't quote me). I'm sure some people will still be writing things down, people still insisted that cars were unsafe and still drove horse drawn carriages well into the 1900s. But to say that the printing press of the modern age won't affect our culture as a whole is ridiculous.   I don't care if you write your grocery list in cursive in ten years time. Hell, I honestly don't care if you write in cursive now. But to insist that it is vital that we teach children am outmoded style of writing that they usually don't ever see (computers happen to print, not scrawl) is just being obtuse. Especially if we know that typing does every thing better than cursive that cursive did better than hand written print: typing is faster, easier on the hands, and it looks more official.
0	intra- = internally   inter- = inbetween   ...-ish, don't take this too literally, just as a general rule of thumb   Edit: forgot single \ns are ignored by Reddit.
1	Not everyone is trying to be a pro. Secondly, this is a video game and almost anyone who is intelligent enough and puts in like 8 hours a day to LoL will without a doubt hit diamond+ and higher. Its just 99% of the playerbase has school, University, work, whatever and cannot commit to this.   When you look at teams like ALT, Ld, CW who within their first season were #1 in the LCS at some point, you can see how pros are not out of reach for new teams and likewise there are PLENTY of high elo soloq players who have beat and continue to beat pros. I would guess there are thousands of Diamond 1/challenger players who lack experience or the right team to actually go pro.   So
0	It's not that you have chosen not to emphasis religion from an early age, it's that your cover story is so poorly thought out and frankly, juvenile. Like it or not, religion has been an integral part of society since we first started painting on cave walls. I am pretty non-religious myself, but to not acknowledge religion’s impact on every single facet of our daily lives is short sighted and frankly, a disservice to your child. To compare a millennia old tradition to Chocolate Egg Celebration Day is insultingly simple and perpetuates the stigma of American’s as material and shallow. (That you are American is my assumption.) You can't be the only source of information for your child, as proven by your parents, and I'm pretty sure the other children aren't going to be gentle when he/she pipes up about Chocolate Egg Day at school.
0	Actually OP, humanity grows more than enough food to feed everyone in the world.  The problems are transportation and politics, not a need for bigger corn.
1	Not a LoL player, so my best suggestion is to show them a slow/easy game. as someone who doesn't play LoL, every teamfight looks like a fuckfest to me, even if i try very hard to recognize the spells and abilities.
0	My parents totally would do this. They found our toys once a few years back, but fortunately we were in the house. We both got a long lecture about how sex toys will cause infections and infertility and are unnatural and dirty and wrong and gross.   They made us throw then out, but didn't make it a point to actually watch us do it. We just found a better hiding place they are guaranteed not to find.
0	I should retract what I said about not respecting suicide bombers. I do respect them. just not their cause.   War happens for a variety of reasons. But no individual fighting soldier(keyword:soldier, not a staff officer that never touches a battlefield) is the cause of a war. You may have to kill him. But you dont have to hate him. In fact, you SHOULD, as a soldier, respect the other soldier. Its customary to give enemy soldiers proper burials when possible.   The kamikaze and suicide bombers are giving up their lives(not risking losing it, actively giving it away) for a cause they truly believe is just. They were one army fighting another. They did not hide amongst their civilians(talking about the kamikaze's in particular here). They were in clearly marked planes. They werent hiding. They were coming. And their target was fucked. It wasnt pleasant. But it was fair. Japan really had no choice but to enter the war. The US had cut off trade because of their alliance with Germany. It was fight or starve. The pilots' families were taken care of for their heroic deeds. Can you imagine training for months knowing you had 1 specific purpose?   The sectarian suicide bombings follow a similar pattern. Only they do not represent a nation. They represent an ideology. The individuals who blow themselves up are almost ALWAYS 1 of 2 types of people: they're doing what they believe is "right" or they're being extorted/bribed. So they do it for the welfare of their families or they do it for something they believe is much bigger and much more important than themselves. You'll never find one of their commanders doing it, obviously. What makes this horrible is what exactly they're blowing up. A seemingly harmless man all the sudden explodes and a school full of little girls has to die because some people think its immoral for a woman to learn. THATS likely why you cant respect it. forgive me if I am wrong. You have every right to correct me.   You've probably read a thread or 2 on reddit before about suicide, attempted suicide, suicide survival, etc. You've heard what an incredible amount of courage it takes to pull the trigger. While you may not agree with the reasoning or the suicide itself, you have to respect what it took to actually do the deed. Its not something YOU could just do like it was nothing, after all.
0	I feel awkward looking at this. I felt the opposite, and this turned out to be true. I thought I was only kinda cute (still feel that way) but it turns out that lots of guys liked me. And people think I'm rather attractive. -shrugs-
1	I'm not trying to bust any bubbles here, but I feel like top lane is the one lane that is most dependant on picks and counterpicks. Sure, champs like Yorick, Trynd, Riven, Irelia, Singed are good picks, ALMOST regardless of teamcomp, but there's matchups where some champs just get shat on while others really shine. Top lane is such a volatile lane in general, and I really feel like mechanical skills pay off the most up there.   A good example would be Nasus. Nobody will disagree if I say he's one of the scariest late game heroes ever, yet he can easily get shut down by lots of champs early on which are capable of snowballing their advantage to a point where Nasus almost becomes a non-factor besides Wither and his semi-decently farmed Q. The variety of champs shutting him down vary from early game monsters with a comparetively weak late game (Renekton, Pantheon) to absolute late game wreckers (Riven, Olaf, Trynd). I like the idea of a tier list in general, but I am not sure if the top lane is a lane to do a tier list on.   Edit: This becomes even more true if you take all the AP champs who typically go mid, yet are capable of top laning into account, say Morg, Kennen, Vlad, Ryze and such.
1	Like the guy who replied said, E auto does still work, but you have to A click the champion you can't just do it in the air anymore. Also, for builds I personally thing tear + roa is pretty shit and gives you a weak ass early-mid game and the mana isn't too efficient because just one of them gives you all you need (0.25 health per mana is overrated just buy health if want.) Tear into rylais is always strongest for me, you don't NEED boots early because if you really want to go agressive or run away ghost will give way more then the enemys movespeed and move quints should keep you more mobile for quite a while into the laning phase. Singed is best vs AD comps as the only good MR items for singed are merc treads and maybe Banshees, if singed is versus ad top and jungle I like to go thornmail especially if its full ad, if its more mixed randuins is an ok 3rd major item. Assuming you get fed, I always like to skip out on resistances as damage will help you more in 2v1 scenario so I normally get haunting guise. Honestly the best item versus dual resistances is a fully stacked seraphs especially if you are ahead, singed's mid games is really strong and if you have a archangels rylai you are super strong.
1	just a question for OP about my scenario i hate supporting, but i've played it 8 times in ranked, currently 1-7 as support.  I'm in plat 3 atm, but i think my supp is closer to bronze. Does that mean i shouldn't queue for ranked? if i get support it's almost certainly going to be a defeat because i'm REALLY bad, doesn't mean i'm not doing my best.
1	Doran's shield is a great item to start with. Grab that first, then on your first trip back get tier 1 boots and start building towards Rylai's.   Boots of mobility are only good on roaming/ganking champs like Alistar, Shaco, Eve, Twitch and a few others, not usually a good choice on mages since you want to maximize your dmg output, therefore I would get sorc boots instead.   After finishing Rylai's, a deathcap is probably a good idea. If you are melting in every teamfight, then build either an abyssal scepter or an hourglass first, depending on the dmg that you take.
1	I'm going to wait until I can watch a VOD of this before I pass final judgment, but my initial impression is that this is a really really bad move by reginald.   I was actually thinking about this when he originally started to start raising a shitstorm, but really, there is no upside to what regi is doing.   When Dignitas beat CDE, CDE lost the trip to Korea, but gained the sympathy and support of the community. But the problem is, the only parties that had really been heard from in this matter were CDE. Dignitas, WCG, and Riot had all not released final statements about the matter.   Now that they've started to tell their sides of the story, and the community firestorm is starting to die down, and the facts about what actually happened are starting to come out, people are going to form their final opinions on the matter.   The issue for CDE is this: if the facts come out and support CDE's point of view, then Regi's raging will be mostly canceled out by the fact that his team was treated unfairly. People may think less of him for it, but they'll understand why. But if the facts come out, and they actually show that Dignitas were cast in the wrong light due to mismanagement, or if Riot does something to fix the situation like send both teams, or even if the end result is a sort of neutral scenario, and all the blame gets foisted onto WCG, then people are just going to remember Regi raging like an entitled brat and he'll actually lose fans/supporters from teh whole mess.
0	Couple of things.   First, arrest in adults often has an underlying cardiac cause.  Children's hearts are generally healthy and as such performing CPR on a child in cardiac arrest is more likely to lead to a favourable outcome such as  ROSC . A frequent cause of cardiac arrest in children is stuff like chocking: respiratory arrest with no underlying cardiac pathology. If the airway can be cleared there is a  fair  chance that CPR alone, or more likely CPR and defibrillation can restart it because the heart itself is healthy.   Second, and more important point:   >CPR only works 8% of the time and that's probably high   Actually the range is quite a bit [bigger than that](   Any single number on "CPR effectiveness" is bound to be a pretty gross simplification. Are we talking in-hospital? Out-of-hospital? Witnessed or unwitnessed? Bystander CPR or healthcare provider CPR? What age? It is important to realize that this abysmal "8% success rate" is for  all etiologies . This rate isn't "CPR should have helped and it didn't", it's " any  time anyone attempts performs CPR on a dead person for  any reason "   Imagine that a patient was stabbed in the heart and loses 90% of their blood. Bystander performs CPR. The patient dies. Does this prove that CPR is not effective? Of course not. Similar with cases where CPR is performed on someone who is in anaphylactic shock/without an airway, has lost large amounts of blood, etc.   The real test of CPR effectiveness is to compare patient outcomes in patients with cardiac etiologies:   >An arrest is presumed to be of cardiac etiology unless it is known or likely to have been caused by trauma, submersion, drug overdose, asphyxia, exsanguination, or any other noncardiac cause as best determined by rescuers   This King County  study . 57% of these patients survived to be admitted to hospital and 34% of those CPR'ed were discharged alive.   So, 12% of the patients on whom CPR was attempted survived to the hospital, but 57% of patients for whom CPR  should  have helped made it to the hospital.   I apologize for the long-ass comment and all the italics, but I hear this statistic all the time and (IMO) it's a little bit misleading.
1	The problem is Chaox mostly has fun at other peoples expense. He's always laughing at someone or ridiculing someone. It makes a lot of us uneasy.
1	Waste their time, if your lane is camped, yeah you will lose that lane while its camped, CS at turret to the best of your ability. Make sure camping the lane doesn't pay off. If they camp lane, it will get pushed to your turret, then you start getting more EXP, less gold maybe, but ultimatly if the jungler is camping your lane, they are losing more gold and EXP than you will be. Use the time where the jungler is camping your lane to take map objectives. Lets say you are top, and you have jungler + top lane camping you.   Here are some things that can be done while they do this.   1 dragon. You're jungler + AP mid + AD bot + support = 4 players, they have 2 players top, if they want to fight it will be a 4v3, let alone if you're playing lets say GP, and have a global ult to assist in teamfights, making it like a 4.5 vs 3.   2 invade their red. Really easy, really safe. If bot lane is spotted, jungler can safely take their red.   3 invade and steal their blue. This is a bit more risky, but i'm assuming that if you know their jungler is camping top, that you have a ward, and you will be able to see if they leave   4 counter gank. Get your mid and jungler to show up, bait them out a bit by playing stupidly, mid + Jungler + you should force a kill, if you kill the jungle top lane you can go and steal blue or go and take dragon easily (no smite if the jungler is dead)   5. Just wait it out, as I said before, jungler camping = him not getting farm or exp. You will ultimately still get exp (unless you were pushing stupidly before the camp top which is your fault). And depending on your top lane, you SHOULD still be able to get at least 4/6 CS at turret, if you're playing GP you can easily get 6/6 at turret, or even CS a bit further out with Q.
1	I think the use of kill stealing is just used incorrectly. I think thst securing the kill is more important than anything. I have been a sucker for being good guy support/jungler, trying to let my laner last hit the kill and they get away. A lot of this anger has to do witb egoism where every individual has the mindset that the gold is.always better on them because they are the only competent player. The only important thing to is assess how valuable the kill is to an individual. I.E i succesfully counter gank enemy jungler mid and he is about to die with buffs. Do you want that gold to carry or do you want to pass over the enemy double buffs to your laner to give him a HUGE edge mid. other things like trying to give shutdown bonuses to carries is nice too.   In my eyes, a kill steal would be something like you blatantly crushing the enemy in a 1v1 and you put the ignite on the enemy and someone just randomly comes to last hit the champion beefore the ignite kills him. The context that most kids use it is that they want the gold to carry so they throw a tantrum in chat.
1	I've read this post and each comment in this thread, and I think you have a decent idea of how balancing the game works, and a few good ideas, but your understanding of Mordekaiser is a little bit shallow. You're not the only one, since his metagame has been almost entirely untouched except by me (número1enBrasil), Mordelicious, and maybe just a couple of other players since season 2, and very few people have seen a modern Mordekaiser in action.  In particular:  1) Mordekaiser being susceptible to ganks is a long perpetuated idea which doesn't really have any practical relevance to real games with Mordekaiser. He can push if he chooses to, but he can also freeze lanes really well because of his ability to facetank waves outside of his tower, and his pushing ability actually lets him reset lanes frozen against him easily. Playing well, Mordekaiser can completely avoid situations where he's at or past river, unless he wants to be. In general, his lack of MS buffs or gap closers is exaggerated as a much bigger problem than it actually is in lane.  2) Mordekaiser's top lane matchups, with a couple of exceptions, are within a reasonable 60-40 to 40-60 range, and are fairly evenly balanced (for those you listed, Shyvana wins decently, Renekton is pretty much dead even, and Udyr is Mordekaiser-favored by a big margin). In the mid lane, he can still play the old oppression style and simply push through the damage of traditional ranged mages. The problem with his mid lane is that he can't compete with good roaming champions, not that he can't win the matchups. In some cases, such as against Zed or Kha'Zix (I'm actually somewhat curious why you think those are skill matchups at all), Mordekaiser is actually really heavily favored and they generally can't roam enough to make up for it, but mostly he does get out-roamed by the likes of Kassadin, Fizz, Riven, etc.  3) Mordekaiser's strength curve is even throughout the game, with slightly weaker than average levels 3-4 and slightly better than average lategame. He does not need to outfarm his opponents, or even to win his lane, to be useful, though of course it helps.  4) I think you're right about his kit being unrewarding in the classic Riot Games sense of lacking counterplay and not having skillshots etc., but it's very rewarding to land kills with a champion with limited options, for me. I feel like if I have no gap closer, no CC, and no intensely broken abilities, that getting kills feels good because I know I had to play well to earn that kill. I have to use the very basics of the game to win teamfights and lane engages (positioning, cooldown timing, reading/mindgames) instead of relying on a bread and butter combo or just spamming an ability until it lands (looking at you, nidalee).   So, I disagree with you about mobility/CC being a problem, and I disagree about his top lane matchups, and I disagree that he snowballs backwards, and I think he's rewarding to play as (though I admit he's not fun to play against). But I can't argue that he's not weak in the current metagame. I see it as being for a different reason: his mid-game presence is very lacking right now. Splitpushing is weaker than ever, so his dueling power goes to waste, and his burst doesn't have the consistency of other mages with CC and gap closers (You mentioned in a comment that his burst is lower than other AP champions, but that is false, barring Syndra/Veigar. What is true is that his burst is harder to land consistently.). Because he can't splitpush or catch champions on his own, he must rely on his teammates more heavily than other mages or other top lane champions, and so he can't really claim objectives or win teamfights by himself. He lacks a form of engage for 5v5 standoffs, and is most effective at erasing tanks, who are forced into melee range, rather than diving opposing carries. That means he ends up being a peeler with no engage in fights, which can be rough if the person you're peeling for isn't doing well or your team has poor engage.   This is why Mordekaiser is seen as unviable but retains a decent winrate - he is an asset to his team, but he cannot carry the team. He fits a role and a position and can win lanes comfortably and has a lot of skirmishing power, but he cannot change the fate of a game that's going one way or another because he cannot turn things around on his own, barring amazing luck with his ultimate.   Since I believe you misunderstand why Mordekaiser is weak, I think your changes wouldn't help him become more viable. You essentially buff him by giving him a slow and a knockback (as well as slightly more consistent armor/MR), and completely shit on his numbers. Maybe that will make him better in lane, but his teamfight utility won't improve at all, and his damage will go way down. What is he supposed to do in teamfights if he doesn't do damage, can't give stats to his teammates, and still has no form of dive? If you want to address his issues, you need to start by giving him something to do after laning is over, and then tweak him a little bit to keep him viable in a lane (I play top, but if he becomes capable in mid that would be okay too). Off the top of my head, something like putting a fear on his ultimate would leave his laning more or less the same, but would make his teamfighting infinitely stronger. A slow or a wukong-ult-style "first target hit gets snared" on his W would give him engagement potential in teamfights. Perhaps he could even be nudged in a more Renektony or Olafy direction, with a little bit more shield generation to dive and tank in teamfights at the cost of some burst.
0	My take on the matter is this: there is very little American patriotism. Too often, all of the people I have met who do not speak English are extremely patriotic for their country of origin. My take on the matter is yes, bring your culture, and mix it into US. But leave your nation behind. If your nation is so great, why did you leave and come here? We are a nation of immigrants, yes. But we are also a nation of immigrants who left their country because it was not the vision they hoped. They came to this one to continue the American Dream.   I love foreign languages, and have already starting working on being fluent in German, French, Spanish, and Chinese. If I go to those countries, you damn well know I'm adding myself to their culture, not forcing them to adopt to mine. Unfortunately, now we have people living here who 1.) do not care about the betterment of America, 2.) do not even bother to learn the language of the people living here, but instead force others to learn their native language (which too many feel-good PC pseudo hippies are willing to comply with), 3.) cause (at least where I'm from) legal and social problems.
1	I have never had any problems on lane with Tristana. Yes, your E pushes the lane, but it's also an amazing harass for enemies stupid enough to get near their creeps when attempting to last hit.   AND   Even if it pushes the lane, that's one of the ways in which Tristana's gameplay works. You push the lane so fast the enemies can't do anything about it, and when you get in tower range, you get +90% AS and rightclick towers in a few minion waves. And even if you get ganked, your W and your R make an AMAZING escape mechanism. Add in a support like Janna, Alistar or Lulu and you get an amazing lane. (It's, of course, necessary, that both you and your support know what the fuck you are doing.)
1	Honestly it will likely be pretty much the same. We can relate it to two different things: other popular multiplayer games and popular spectator sports, as league is somewhat of a hybrid between the two.   American Football has virtually been the same game for a hundred years. How we watch it, how many commercials, the teams, etc change over time, but the game hasn't really changed.   On the other hand, Look at call of duty, world of Warcraft, other popular online multiplayer games, and again, very little has changed in the core of these games. Graphics get better, little details change, but they are by and large the same games they were when they released.
0	I have thought about this quite a bit and it still gets me. When I was born up until the age of, I think around 3-4, my grandmother and her sisters smoked, my grandfather had quit before I was born and parents never smoked or was around anyone that did except for the mentioned family members. Anyways, I remember going to the lake house alone with my grandparents around the age of 7 or so and always stopping at the gas station to get candy, drinks, etc., I would get candy cigarettes and my grandmother would not be happy when I would pretend to smoke with them (she had quit by this time and I'm not really sure if I had ever seen her smoke, I cant remember). Then in years later at the lake house when I was a bit older around 9 -13 I would go with my grandfather and spend a week or two in the summer but I remember him doing yard work and such, while I would cut pieces of paper into strips grab some cotton balls and tape and go hide behind the boat. I would crush up leaves and roll them into the paper with cotton in the end, tape around where the butt would be and smoke the leaves (not inhaling) just to blow out smoke. I can come up with a lot of reasons as to why I did this but it just blows my mind that I found a way to roll something up and smoke it not ever seeing it done before, almost like a desperate need to do it. I did end up smoking at around 16-17 and since then have smoked about a pack a day (quitting here and there.)
0	First of all(if you're serious), I'm sorry for your loss.  Now, story time: When I was in highschool, "your mom" jokes were one of the most common things to hear. I was not excluded from the people who would use these regularly. I would probably tell at least 10 of these jokes on a slow day. There was a kid that was in my circle of friends whose mom passed away when he was a child. At least twice a week, he would say a phrase that would be perfect to retort with a "your mom" joke. With my short attention span, I would always be caught in the heat of the moment and would blurt out the words. EVERY.SINGLE.TIME. He would always look at me, dead pan, and say "dude... My mom is dead." I always felt like shit, but I guess it never made me feel so bad that I would remember to put him on the black list of those jokes. Fast forward a few years, and he won't even look me in the eye when I run into him in the wild.
1	PLEASE take this post down!!!! Swain does NOT need to become popular. He will just become fotm because people think they know his secrets (which everyone should already know) and play him because he is "OP", even when they cant land a single root and dont know when to E to max their damage, but he will be popular anyway and then nerfed.
1	You're saying take baron first and come back for the inhib, but I usually think about it the other way round.   If you take the inhib that lane will push, and in solo que people don't keep on top of those lanes so eventually someone, usually ADC jung or top laner, will have to defend it which leads to an easy baron or forcing the 4v5 teamfight.   If the enemy teamfight 4v5 chances are they will lose and you can baron anyway, if they don't defend the lane it will push (and those super minions can take towers like a boss) and you still have a chance to win the 5v5 teamfight or just disengage, and if they don't fight you get a fee baron.
1	Blocked at work.  Can anyone
1	What I want to make clear is that HALF the people you play with are better than you are and HALF the people you play with are worse. You could be gaining rank quickly and then it's slightly less than half to slightly more than half.   The problem with this theory is that it supposes nobody "belongs" at any elo other than what they're at.   For instance, someone who "belongs" at 900 Elo, will (probably) be the worst player in every single game they play until they hit that Elo.  Since it only takes minor amounts of luck to win half their games in the first 10 ranked games, it will take around 30 straight losses to put them at their rightful Elo.  That entire time, they'll be the worst player on the team.   Likewise, someone who belongs at 1900 Elo will be the best player on their team for many games.
0	What if I told you that term limits would make it worse. I'm too lazy to provide a link, but Michigan imposed term limits about fifteen years ago and it's been an absolute partisan mess ever since. Here's the short of it: First, by it's very nature, term limits reduce the experience level of the politicians dealing with complicated regulatory schemes. Second, due to their collective inexperience, lobbiests become increasingly important and relied upon for their "expertise."  They spoonfeed their pet politicians proposed legislation and so forth (even more so than they do in non-term-limited jurisdictions). Third, term limits effectively eliminate bipartisan relationships that are built over years or decades. The result is a bunch of small-minded ideologues who toe the party line. Forth, because they're term limited, elected leaders have every incentive to cozy up to lobby interests to secure post-political employment.
0	Honestly, I am kind of picky. I want to meet someone who actually gives a shit about their own body. I'm not looking for a supermodel, the specifics are a whole different discussion, but looks matter, whether people want to accept it or not. Before I lost weight, I didn't expect anyone to like me, because when I looked in the mirror, I didn't like me. I'd still like to get more healthy, but I'm actually working on it. So no, I don't think big is beautiful. And yes, personality can have an effect, but let's be real, there's a limit.   Farewell comment karma...
0	You're radically oversimplifying the mental and emotional state of mind that people who are driven to this kind of behavior are in. They are at rock bottom. This goes well beyond just being a "socially awkward" person; this isn't a "pull yourself up by your bootstraps" moment that they can brush off with just a little can-do spirit. This is a level of depression and utter lack of the ability to  feel  anything that is incomprehensible to anyone that is even somewhat well-adjusted. They hurt so bad that they've literally gone numb to all sensation. They are husks.   They don't try to "change" because they don't know how, and probably have lost the ability to even  care . These are people who didn't just wake up one day in a really bad mood - the seed was probably planted at an age where they were too helpless to comprehend it, and it was left unchecked throughout their lives. They weren't able to develop the same tools that you may have been lucky enough to develop, and are penalized for it constantly either through the condemnation from their peers or being treated as an outcast within their own family (even if their intentions are good). They go through life literally feeling as if they exist within a glass case for all to gawk and prod at, and feel as if they're unable to make any connection with another human being where they are seen as an equal, but instead as some kind of odd sideshow.   Their parents don't know how to handle them, so they become increasingly hands-offish. Just pump them full of pills, give them a big forced smile whenever they enter the room to try and hide their own discomfort, and give him canned lines of "encouragement" that only makes him feel more and more removed from the only people who he should be able to feel comfortable around. This makes him even more introverted, and he becomes more and more distanced from the only people who should be there to help him. Friends, if he's lucky to have any, are most likely superficial relationships at best that he clings to because he has nothing else, but wouldn't dare tell them how we actually feels....and if he does, they probably won't  really  understand.   He's alone. He doesn't know what he's supposed to do, or why he feels this way. He hates himself  so  much, but is terrified for people to know that. He hides it, but it manifests itself in wierd ways that, ironically, makes him even more miserable. He quickly becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy where he starts doing things he hates just to give himself more reason to hate himself. He's caught in this cycle and has no idea how to break it, and wishes every morning he would just die because it seems like the only way out. He starts developing this deep sense of apathy as a sort of mental defence to protect himself from his own hatred of himself. Can't hate yourself if you can't  feel , right? But now it's even worse, because now you can't even enjoy the tiny moments in the day that gave you the smallest escape from yourself. So now what? Nothing. You're at rock bottom. And once you reach this place,  nothing  matters anymore. Morality and compassion no longer exist to you, you are numb to  everything . Nothing...matters.   I'm not making excuses. I'm not even saying that this was what he was experiencing personally. I'm giving you...my own experience. I've been to that edge to where your mind is so far gone that you could contemplate something horrific. If just a few knobs were tuned a little differently, perhaps I've could have been this kid at one point in my life. It takes a huge amount of energy to hold youself back from crossing that line where you've completely given up, it's mentally, emotionally and even physically  exhausting . It doesn't surprise me that a lot of people don't have the strength to maintain themselves when liberating yourself completely is such an appealing alternative. I've been reading a lot of comments since this tragedy, and I see a lot of people blaming irrelevant things like guns, video games, lack of faith/religion, not taking personal responsibility, etc. It's really none of those things. It's not even bullying, honestly. What it is, is a simple lack of understanding and narrowmindedness, and the failure of every single person in that kid's life to guide him onto a healthier path before he got caught within a vicious cycle that he himself really didn't understand. One person could have prevented this kids entire self-destuctive path, and by extention, the lives of all of those who were killed. Again, I'm not defending his actions, but it's just too easy to say that he should've had the state of mind to "not be a freak". The whole point is that his state of mind was a complete wreck.
0	Very late to the party, but I put in my 2 weeks on Friday to my company, and would like to rant my story to the public.   Was brought into the company as a shot in the dark, and turned out to be a bit of a diamond in the rough, quickly working my way from a bottom barrel position, to being considered their #1 guy at a position just under supervision.   That was until I turned down an "opportunity" they presented me, that would've seen me take on terrible overnight hours, in exchange for nothing, so they could reward an employee that has been demoted twice with my hours, and my position.   Since then, I've been passed over for promotions, even told I was "too old" for a Buyer/ Planner position that they posted (I was 29 at the time).  And after the company cut all employee's pay 13% because of their own hubris in ignoring trends, I decided I had enough.  Found another position elsewhere, and put in my 2 weeks.   We have lost a bunch of people due to the pay cut, but I was the first one they've actively pulled into the office to talk to them, in the hopes to reconsider their notice.  The problem is, leading off with "We aren't going to chase you", and blaming my lack of advancement on "not meeting them half way" was more insulting than anything, especially after all the long hours, weekends, and multiple jobs I've juggled for them in my 4 years with them.  No counter offer was extended, and I don't expect one to be.   the
1	I believe unorganized is a more proper term to use rather than unprofessional, although it was to a degree.   Expectations were also set too high by the community as well. When you put Regi, Chaox, and Dyrus together in a "Q&A" section, what do you expect? The attention span will never last longer than 12 seconds.   OddmiralOne is always answering questions anyways, and Xpecial has a guide for every support out there.   Also, people need to understand that asking for builds and guides is pretty stupid when 1) Theres 4 billion guides + Subreddits + Forums to go to, even guides written by these members and plenty of others from other teams.   TSM really needs a PR team. I for one would gladly apply for such a position.
1	The main point of contention is, Koreans are to LoL what Brazilians and the Spanish are to football: they are the most dedicated fanbase in the world. Season 4 worlds in Korea was supposed to be an event celebrating Korea's successes as a region in LoL, and a chance for them to appreciate all global teams. Why is Riot doing everything so half-half, without dedication? Korea is big enough in LoL to get an entire world championship to itself, and you can just hold Season 5 across Singapore, Taiwan and China to also give those guys a real boost for their dedication.
0	Most people can think back to those one or two teachers they had that really opened their eyes and made them realize their potential.   Now think about all of the teachers you've ever had (hint: it's probably higher than 40 in a standard US education). That means that 38 out of your 40 teachers were either forgettable or outright terrible.   Now that we've established that the vast majority of teachers aren't life-changers (which logically just made sense to begin with) we can come to the realization that many kids never had a good teacher throughout their entire academic career.
1	Was doing some theorycrafting earlier, and with 600 AP + Liandry's + DFG, Malzahar can 100-0 practically anyone in the 2.5 seconds of his ult, including tanks.   >With 600 AP, just his QER does 2910 damage   >If you add Liandry's that's another 4% current health per second, say over 2.5 sec (ult duration) 10% current health W does another 35% max health over 2.5 secs   >If you have one double buffed (bonus AD and attack speed) pet and one single buffed (bonus AD) pet, that's another 960 damage in 2.5 secs   >So in 2.5 secs Malzahar can do 3870 damage + 10% current health + 35% max health with 600 AP + Liandry's   >With DFG that would be 3492 from QER, 960 from pets, 15% max health from DFG, 12% current health from Liandry's and 42% from his W   By those calculations above, he can burst a 5000 HP target for 7600 damage in 2.5 seconds. On a 10000 HP target it is 10750 damage, and on a 12k health target he can do 12010 damage.   While this is never going to happen (no one has 0 MR and 0 armour, and 10k health is impossible etc.) I just find it interesting how absurdly hard Malzahar can potentially burst. All these calculations were done only over 2.5 seconds, but his E over its full duration. If you gave him the full duration of his W, he'd do considerably more: with just 600 AP his W alone does 70% of a target's max health over 5 seconds.
1	I for one love hearing the team voice chat! It would be great to have more tournaments with this feature. I would also love to have 2 streams or an option to switch between which team I'm hearing.   Alternatively you can have what F1 has and the important moments to be added to the stream. This can't be hard if you add a 1 minute delay and have people listening to the voice chats (Maybe some time in a future).
0	The real problem with ADHD, ADD, and dyslexia are not that they are real problems that many people suffer from, but that a majority of people decide for themselves that they have it and/or are misdiagnosed with it and then they use it as an excuse. I've spent several years tutoring college level students for all levels of math and many of these students I will end up working with for a long time through multiple terms. What I come across more often than I would like are people who clearly have no disorder but use their disorder for excuses as to why they don't do their homework or go to class or study, etc. "I don't go to class because I have ADHD/ADD and I can't focus on the teacher". "I don't take notes because I have dyslexia". "I didn't do my homework because I just couldn't focus on it". These are people whom I've worked with one on one for hours and hours and I've seen them write down a problem, listen to me explain things, do problems on their own, etc. What I see the majority of the time (I'm talking 95% of the students) is that these students are fully capable of doing whatever they put their mind to, but the moment something gets too tough for them, like they don't understand a problem within the first 15 seconds of reading it, is a complete failure to even try and an excuse being made due to their disorder.   I'm sorry to ramble on about this, but I've worked with hundreds of students over the years and a lot of them are medicated for disorders like these and a lot of them are not medicated but diagnosed and it is extremely rare for me to come across a student who appears to actually have a problem. Instead what I see constantly are completely normal people who don't want to put in the effort to learn and fall back on their disorder as an excuse not to try harder.   For example, there was one girl whom I'd worked with for 2 terms. I had seen her weekly and helped her with homework and general questions. I'd heard her read out loud from the textbook, her notes, my notes, etc. One day she tells me she has dyslexia and that's why she has a hard time with the story problems. I didn't say anything to her, but I was thinking: no, you don't have fucking dyslexia, you just have the same problem that almost every single fucking person has, which is a difficulty in interpreting words into math. It's hard for everyone, even me! And the thing that really annoyed me was that I had heard this excuse so many times before when in reality there is absolutely nothing wrong with the person except for the fact that they don't study everyday (more like once a week for most students, or just when they see me).
1	TSM better than Desperate Housewife
1	There are two mindsets that players in a top level competitive game have.  There are the ragers, and there are the humble and analytical people.   People who rage get better because they call people out on mistakes, and they acknowledge that THAT PERSON FUCKED UP.  They are learning about the game and how mistakes are made through telling people they suck and raging.   Analytical people like Dan Dinh or Gbob look at the game and acknowledge how they could have won a fight and blame themselves if necessary.  That is how they learn from mistakes.   Both of these kinds of players learn from their mistakes in different ways, but the common factor is they learn. They learn every, single, game.   Be it from doing X will win my lane, to overextending to get an inhibitor but lose baron is not worth it.  They learn these things and try to not repeat them in the future, as they have learned them already   The best advice I can give you, is be humble about where you belong on the ladder, and approach the game from a mindset of learn something every game.   After every match ask yourself what you learned, even if it was a troll normal game, I don't care, you should have learned something from it.  Because in the end the only thing that separates the average player from a pro player is knowledge of the game, and the faster you absorb the knowledge the faster you will improve.
0	Spending an extended time with kids really is the best birth control.  I had always thought I wanted kids of my own, and then I agreed to watch my niece and nephew for a weekend. After 2 days I realized how happy I was with being just an uncle. I love spending time with kids, but that experience made me realize that I wasn't equipped to do it 24/7.   Props to those who can- I hold their selflessness in the highest esteem.
1	calling people out on their mistakes   "Pookrat (0:21): ive never seen such colossal retardation"   "Pookrat [All] (12:15): im sure your cait said 0 words Pookrat [All] (12:21): since her rune page is in some asian language"   "Pookrat (13:22): who carried you to diamond you piece of  **  Pookrat (13:27): did you buy that account?"   "Pookrat (14:50): fucking piece of shit rengar"   "Pookrat (16:58): fucking afk piece of shit"   "Pookrat (20:22): i really hope something bad happens to you irl"   "Pookrat [All] (32:01): aatrox is a piece of  **  champ   Pookrat (47:04): you  ** ing suck malphite"   None of the above comments should ever be considered acceptable. They are in no way constructive or helpful towards the people they're directed at.
1	So.. My first "elo" was Silver, and I remember people being a pain in the ass. In pre-season I got to gold and I still faced a lot of toxic players, this was when I started muting.   In this season I got to D5 and I realized the BEST thing I have ever done was muting the ALL CHAT. Trust me, just disable that shit. It has no utility.   Whenever someone sounds like a jerk I just mute them and w/e.
1	He didn't just bring it back up after years of promising he would. When he did, he completely wiped out much of the database / forums containing private developer forums for heroes and items. Many of those champions are in League today (like Teemo.) He refused to acknowledge it even after many old DotA developers gave proof and simply said fuck you to the community again.   That's why people were pissed at him. He had stolen the ideas of many and even though he used them in his final game, he gave no credit to the people who created those ideas (something IceFrog or any other developer with respect to the community would do.)   Basically an example of the outrage from creators I am talking about:   infinitevox  >Oh thanks, THREE YEARS LATER. Oh well, now I can finally prove that I was the creator of: Teemo & Rammus > >And that your Dev team went through the DotA hero/ability/item suggestions and RAPED it for ideas for your game. Thanks so much for that. A little credit would have been nice, but instead you took the forums down so no one would know what you did, and even if they did know, they'd have no proof. > >Sad thing is, you were always nice to me. We'd play games with DevilsUrethra, ReposoEternal, GranDgrant, and a slew of other fun folks. Then you turned feral on us when you decided to make LoL. > >As petty as it may seem, some of us TDA and DotA1 Beta members know everything you actually did and have a long memory. There are a handful of us that know exactly how hard you really did try and screw Ice, and how hard you screwed us TDA/Beta members over. Now that we finally have access to the archives, we have the proof we need. > >Most people think you're a dick now, just wait till we start plastering the screenshots of the old forums where you plundered and pillaged our ideas and hard work for your game, and gave no credit or love back in return.   He took down one of the biggest gaming forums with a HUGE community (maybe more than this subreddit) just so he could have another source of inspiration just by grabbing whatever ideas other people had.
0	Both of my parents spanked me when I was a child...the main thing I remember about it all was the terror I felt when I knew it was coming. I remember walking home from the bus stop with a detention notice (years after the last spanking ever happened) and literally praying that my dad wouldn't be there when I got home, out of fear. That's the attitude I carried pertaining to my parents until I left their house. I constantly lied and hid almost everything from them because I simply never trusted them. And honestly, as my dad did most of the spanking, I really feared him, but because my mom was on his side, I feared telling her anything because she might tell him. And this wasn't just when I got in trouble...it got to the point where I wouldn't even introduce them to my girlfriends. I lied to them about everything so that I could cover for myself IF something did go wrong.   I know this is anecdotal, and I'm not a parent, so I don't want to weigh in on whether spanking is right or wrong. But in my case, I think it went wrong. But the good thing that came out of it was a knack for getting out of trouble and getting around obstacles, even if by manipulative or dishonest means.
1	Thanks for making this man, I love watching your Sej play.   I made a post about this last week when the proposed changes were announced, for anyone interested in my opinion here it is:   "Diamond Sej player here (I personally love lane Sej, though it isn't necessarily viable).   Its a nerf depending on how you want to play Sej. If you want AP Carry Sej, these are bad changes. If you want tanky initiator Sej, they're still only okay changes at best (meaning that she will be a viable jungler but still not top tier).   If you're like me and like the instant burst AP Carry Sej, this is not a good change, heres why: They took the % health damage from her q and moved it to her w. They also made her e (her main source of damage) much weaker, and she never had good AP ratios in the first place.   The e has a lower cooldown which they implemented to compensate for lowering its damage, but the slow was also significantly reduced in power. The cooldown also didn't matter in the first place, because the idea behind AP Sej was that if you got a full combo off (DFG, ult, q [depending, I save it for escapes] , and e) the person should be dead, if not -- you're in trouble. People shouldn't max e now for damage, they should max w.   If you want damage on Sej now you should be maxing w first. The good news is that this now does a lot of damage to enemies in an area around her (the % health damage), the bad news is that this now requires her to be in the middle of a fight mixing it up. She will likely be getting blown up extremely quickly. Sej was never tanky in the first place, and her jumping into a fight to get off her damage isn't going to work out well.   To be honest, ever since the DFG nerfs she hasn't been a very good AP Carry (her ult CD is just obscenely long). She has awful clear speeds in the jungle, so she didn't really have a clear identity/place in the game.   Here's the summary for the point to these changes: Riot is trying to establish a clear direction for Sej as a champion. They want her to be a good initiator that has okay damage and okay CC, they also seem to want to carve her out for the jungle (the lower CD on e and damage boost/aoe damage on w gives her great clear now). Like I said earlier, Sej isn't tanky, they're giving her % damage on her w so that you're required to initiate and be right next to someone to be useful (as a damage source) in teamfights. In order to survive this, you have to build tanky and neglect AP, so her damage won't get out of control (riot didn't like burst Sej, and to be honest, she wasn't the best). Again, think IDENTITY, this is Riots big thing now.   These changes, obviously intended to improve her jungling ability, will funnily enough make her a little bit better of a laner (what I'm used to playing her as) but she won't be as bursty.
1	I like building Rumble 21/9/0 with Magic Pen Reds, AP Quints, Armor Yellows / MR Blues.   Always start Boots + 3 HP pots. I used to start Doran's Shield but recently  I've been having more success with Boots + 3.   I personally go   QWQEQRQWQ then max W then E.   I combo by hitting a slow (E) then shielding to close the gap, then flamethrowing (60 heat). If possible, use your 2nd E in there to amplify the slow (it stacks!)   Boots + 3 --> Revolver --> WotA --> Sorc Boots / Merc Treads ---> Rylai's --> Rabadons --> build according to enemy team   I like when people dive me at my turret and I ult, shield, then flamespitter. Thanks for free kills.
0	I only read your post because I had to see how a staples office supply link fit into this conversation...
1	About two years ago now I played quite a bit of Wukong top. The key is understanding how to  Survive  in lane. In my opinion, Wukong doesn't make very good trades until level 4, and his mana pool doesn't allow him to make more than a couple ability rotations before he goes oom.  In the early phases of the lane, you should focus on farming while taking as little damage and using as little mana as possible. If you need to miss a few CS to avoid taking 100+ free damage, it's worth the loss. If you're able to take advantage of his immense power spike between levels 4-6 (and Especially 6) to get an early kill, the amount of snowballing he's able to do more than makes up for some lost cs.   Tips :  -Flask/Cloth 5pots are underrated starting item sets for Wukong. Being able to stay in lane for 2+ extra waves is more valuable than damage from Dorans/Long sword  -You don't need to Clone every time you go in to avoid taking damage. Mana is damage, and odds are you're against someone who deals AoE damage anyway, and your clone is a waste of mana if you're going to be taking damage regardless.  -Use the bush to your advantage. If the enemy gets too close, walk up to them and Auto - Q - E them for maximum damage.  -Trinity Force is an extremely efficient item for Wukong to rush. Wukong is all about BURST damage, and the items you build for Trinity force give you wonderful trading power (which is everything in the lane).  -If you're against a heavy AD team, Sunfire cape has great synergy with your ultimate, and Randuins Omen makes you virtually unkillable/inescapable in team fights when combined with your passive.  -You don't need Black Cleaver AND Last Whisper to kill an enemy carry in 1 rotation (especially since your Q already has armor pen on it), building Tankier items like Maw of Malmortius and Sunfire Cape will allow you to survive in team fights longer. The longer you're alive, the longer you can keep bashing the enemy teams face.  -I often wait until I'm AT LEAST level 9 before I really start putting damage on the enemy turret if I intend to roam at all. Otherwise, feel free to take the turret asap and keep pressuring top (safely of course, if your team isn't in position to take an objective while you're getting ganked, you'll most likely have just given the enemy team a free kill. Give your team some time to group onto a turret / dragon before extending too far for the next turret if you choose to split push the entire game).
0	A Terms of Service contract doesn't necessarily hold up in court, regardless of what it says you have agreed to in order to use their services. Hyperbolic, but if YouTube said they're allowed to shoot you in the face if you agree to their TOS, U.S. Law trumps it by a mile.   Been several years since I created my account, but I went to 'Create an Account', and it looks like you don't even agree with YouTube's TOS, but with Google's.   YouTube's TOS is still [present and available]( but appears to be a Browsewrap; that is, you don't physically agree to any of those conditions, it is more or less implied, but makes it incredibly difficult to hold up in a court of law.
0	Well I've focused my entire career on working with learning and attention differences... I've taken neuropsychology classes on all this stuff. In grad school, I wrote a paper on ADHD medications and their longitudinal effects on children and adolescents with ADHD (which was confirmed with brain imaging studies, because ADHD brains differ from non-ADHD brains) in comparison to control children, and I did a 45 minute presentation on my paper. If that isn't enough, I also come from a highly medical family, both immediate and extended (dad, mom, brother, grandfather one, grandfather two, aunt, uncle), several members of which are extremely well-versed in pharmacology and neurochemistry. When I was first diagnosed with ADHD, those same family members (father and aunt, specifically) were kind enough to explain to me the ways in which ADHD medications affect the brain and how and why they are effective in treating the symptoms of ADHD.   There are reasons that can be explained by neurochemistry why people with ADHD do not get addicted to stimulant medications, whereas there exists an addiction threat for people without ADHD who take stimulant medications.   In laymen's terms, the brains of people with ADHD lack the sufficient stimulation to stay "awake" (for lack of a better word). Basically the brain always feels like it is drifting off, zoning out, not paying attention to the world, what have you, because it lacks the necessary stimulants. To fix this, it overcorrects by over-attending to EVERYTHING in the environment. This is why people with ADHD have trouble paying attention to a singular thing; their brain is constantly looking for stimulation, for something new, so that it can stay "awake". Taking stimulant medications provides the ADHD brain with something that "normal" brains are already getting, and it calms them. They feel more "awake" when they have the necessary stimulants, and they can focus their energies into attending to singular tasks, rather than on multiple stimuli within the environment.   Think of it like the ADHD brain can't miss what it doesn't naturally have. The ADHD brain doesn't naturally have enough stimulants, so when it gets them, it's like getting an unexpected bonus present. When it doesn't get that bonus present, it's not a big deal because it just goes back to normal; it's used to not having enough.   However, when the NON-ADHD brain takes stimulant medication, it's giving the brain more of what it already has, and it essentially gets greedy. It's like giving a kid an XBox when he already has a perfectly good PS3, and then him/her getting royally pissed when you take the XBox away. That isn't a perfect analogy haha, but work with me here.   It's a very basic and very much laymen's-terms-based explanation, but I hope that makes sense.
1	Usually I'm the only one who wards at my team and for the most part people don't say that much, except for the occasional "Can you ward x" or "We need more wards at y".  Sometimes you get people that blame their stupidity on a lack of wards though.  For instance, one game we were losing bad and they got our mid inhib.  A little while after we got it we were holding off their push at where the Mid inner turret is and then we watched them leave mid lane and run up to top lane through our jungle.  One member of our team literally walks right behind all of them into our jungle and dies, then blames me for lack of wards. Also note, that their support had an oracles.
1	I am <1200, and I don't care about people seeing my ELO. I'm at where I deserve to be at ELO-wise and I won't move until I become a better player. I think that this would be a good implementation because it would allow people to feel better about not having a higher ELO, if they don't have the same confidence in themselves as me.
0	I was once waiting for the bus playing the harmonica  and a passing truck driver honked  made my day that day :D
0	Not everyone is XX or XY. There are other cases. You can have a monosomy of the X chromosome (Turner's syndrome means you have 1 X chromosome and that's it), and those children are always girls but have other issues. You can also have trisomies though. Trisomies of other chromosomes often cause much larger issues (Trisomy 21 is Down Syndrome and causes mental retardation, Trisomy 18 is Edward's Syndrome and usually causes death, Trisomy 13 is Patau's syndrome and usually causes death, most of the other trisomies will kill the fetus before birth), but the sex chromosomes are different. You can have an XYY baby boy with very little symptoms, or an XXY baby who usually has more ambiguous genitalia and more symptoms.  If you want to get really weird, there is a thing called a tetrasomy, which is 4 copies of the chromosomes instead of two. You can have babies with an XXYY karyotype and an XXXX karyotype.
1	You are forgetting Reinforced Armor (reduces total critical strike damage by 10%). It is by far the most hard counter option as it eliminates just a little less than 10% of Ashe's damage in a game from beginning to end for the cost of one mastery point. Compare this to what was previously considered the strongest defensive mastery in the game (Juggernaut's 3% HP) and it becomes obscene. If you think that more than a third of damage inflicted on you will come from the enemy Ashe ADC (perfectly reasonable) then it becomes the best mastery in the game. It is effectively a free ninja tabby passive for free. Any champion that can think of going into the defensive tree it going to do ridiculously well vs Ashe if they pick up the mastery. It is not Master Yi but Olaf (Jungle or Top) that is going to be the biggest hard counter in the game considering that he can both avoid the slow, ult and rationally go into the defensive tree to pick up the mastery. This is a hard counter that is only beat by the Twisted Fate vs. Kassadin lane match up.
1	Obviously, the LoL game engine is better for a MOBA game than the WC3 engine. I don't know why people are being wishy washy about it it...   The WC3 engine was made to play RTSs, and the map editor allows you to shape a game from that foundation. The map editor's features are certainly limited in this respect. LoL's engine was made specifically to play a MOBA game. The way I think of it, it's like playing basketball in your driveway as opposed to on a real court/gym :P   The real advantage for LoL or HoN is that they aren't relying on a completely separate game for people to play LoL or HoN, in other words, they're not custom maps in a standalone game. They don't have to worry about what features Blizzard will/won't add (mostly the latter) to the game. They are not building a game from a map editor provided by another game, for specific use in that game. Riot owns their game, so if they want to add/remove/change something, they totally can.   You know that graphic update that Riot wants to do? I'd say the simple fact that they CAN do that (since you know, it's THEIR game) speaks for itself. Even so, I doubt that update will be soon, but a company's resources are a different matter.
0	I don't think "Pride movements" are any kind of real solution. I think they only serve to further draw the line. In a general sense, people who internally devalue any particular group aren't going to see that group's personal pride in their identity and suddenly say "oh yeah, I guess they do have value." I think a generally more common reaction is to understand that personal pride as a "screw you, I don't care what you think cause I like myself" and have further distaste for said group.   I'm willing to be completely wrong, and I hope I am. I know that of course there are individuals who will take up the cause of others but generally those individuals are not already maligning others. That is to say, individual A supports individual B's cause, taking pride in their difference. Individual A probably did not already hate individual B. Individual C does hate individual B and says "stupid individual B, they have nothing to be proud of."   I do think it's important, though, for those underclasses to recognize their own personal value for their own emotional and mental wellbeing. I am not at all trying to say that there should be any sort of suppression to "pride movements."
1	I'm not stating based on caster opinions, I'm stating based on personal experience and pro player opinions.   Ofc BF first buy is ideal, but you don't always back with 1550 gold. The second best aggro build early on is 2x Dblade and greaves, as vamp is sustain, not aggro.   Korean pros were the ones who pioneered 2x Dblade and greaves rush... I'd assume you'd know but I guess you're just a bandwagon fanboy. Locodoco talked about this build when he was subbing for DoA in OGN Winter about how many pros rush that build on Caitlyn as it's the fastest way to be dominant in lane.
0	Here's the plot. Lady calls to place a pizza order. I happily oblige and ask if she would like to try special #1 or special #2, she says neither. That's understandable, so then I ask for a phone number and she tell's me she doesn't know it and to give her a minute. Alright she's a little unprepared no biggie, after being on hold for about a minute she comes back and tells me the number. I get the rest of the info down and get to what she would like to order. She asks, "What's special #1 and 2?" -__- I run them by her and she ends up picking #2. I ask her what kind of crust she would like in which she replies, "Uhmm hold on." Another 2 minutes passes then she takes me off hold and tells me regular crust. Now for the toppings...Nope turns out she didn't have any close idea to what she wanted and tells me to hold - yet again. I still maintain my cool calm collected manner and manage to get the rest of the order. Now time for the payment method! Cash or credit? "Can I put it on two cards?" Sure, I can handle that. She then asks how much it would be to divide the cost in half for an odd amount. I explain that it's not going to break even and that it's going to cost a penny more for one card. She's fine with it and so the order is concluded. Now for the best part, I arrive at the apartment and knock on the door. She answers the door and low and behold she's wearing a cheetah printed jacket. I recite the order back to her for accuracy. Everything is in place and I also brought plates, crushed peppers, parmesan, napkins, and pizza magnets. Hand over the goods and then I ask if she can confirm the total on the two receipts and  to sign them. She literally just signs them off and I still have the heart to tell her that her soda got shaken up on the trip over there. I guess that was my tip to her..
1	I've been trying to get good with Zed a lot recently because I know he's extremely strong when you have the mechanics and skill to play him, but I think I won't ever play him again because     I know I will never be on Faker's level.     I am not worthy of trying to reach his level
0	That's because Man invented God, and is free to modify him when needed to keep the idea alive. By being able to adapt with a changing society, the idea of a god has stayed relevant to a modern culture.   That's why you see each generation of theists attend revivals and evangelical meetings, each a little different from the last. These successive generational waves bring with them new churches and demographics, sometimes even branching off into a new denomination, with which we are somewhat near 10,000 these days. That's how Catholicism and the Protestant Christian denominations split a few centuries ago.   On a larger time scale, God concepts can change enough within certain cultures that it crosses the line into a different religion. An example would be the branching of the Christian religion from the Jewish religion.   A slow evolution or sudden events could cause these separate religions, which were once based on the same concept of a God, to become so dissimilar that this God is no longer considered the same character. This process is well into effect between the Islamic and Jewish\Christian religions. Some people claim that Allah and the God 'of Christianity' are not the same God, while others hold the idea that it is the same God, just worshipped differently. They are well on their way down diverging paths.   In the early years of Human civilization, merging cultures sometimes combined God concepts. You might be surprised to hear that Hebrews began as a polytheistic culture after combining the separate deity concepts of Yahweh and El. There is little doubt the ancient Hebrews believed in many gods, but gradually a single Skygod became supreme among them eventually excluding their existence altogether. What we have in the Bible is edited material striving to wipe out the old polytheism
1	Thing is, I think piglet wouldve been better if he was still in korea, as long as he doesnt speak english Ill give the edge to sneaky for now, I do think piglet and xpecial will be the first to dethrone rush hour as strongest laning bot duo, also I dont really like the world champion argument, by that logic bebe and Lamia should be top level aswell, piglet was still top 4 in KR tho last split.
0	I'll be the devil's advocate here and say that many girls do this... it's not necessarily that they are scumbags, but rather that they don't want to be alone. That's why they'll stay with the guy even if he's not a good boyfriend until they find someone better.   I knew a couple of really nice girls that knew their relationships weren't working and sometimes they were even abused. But rather stayed with their boyfriend than be left alone. It's not always the girl that's the scumbag... sometimes they just feel too weak to break up and be alone. A new boyfriend might be the only force to help a girl break up an old relationship. She might even take him as a savior.   And doing something like that what you've described to a girl that might have lived through some hard times would probably crush her.
1	I am stuck in Bronze, I won like 7/10 of my placement matches while my Silver cousin had only won 4/10. I was doing great until I lost my promo because I had a game wit ha leaver and a game with a feeder. Since then I am on a massive losing streak, in which I am getting put with and against Golds and Silvers. I think the whole ranking system is fucked up and needs to be fixed.
0	Let me tell you a story. My dad didn't go to college, and my mom did. They both work at my local school district. My dad is a custodian, my mom works in special ed (senior assistant in the district). He makes more than her, at about 14.50-ish an hour. Together, they make about 30k a year.   The only reason they can support us (3 kids) is because of government programs. For the longest time, they were full of pride, and wouldn't take charity. When the economy tanked, and we lost our house, they finally caved in.   We afford rent because the house is owned by my grandparents. We eat because of foodstamps and the local foodbank; and when school is in session, free breakfast/lunch. With sports, we have to work off our fees. We have to go with a private donation fund for athletes to get soccer shoes, or the like. Yet, are we a drain on society?   My mom works with special ed kids. She is on the high and middle school PTOs. She spends most of her time volunteering for them, or for other community events. My dad works as a custodian. While he just got switched to nights to keep his job, when he did work days he gave away most of his time. He coached soccer, basketball, softball, was involved in the high school PTO, volunteered at most sporting events, and still managed to make it to nearly every game/play/concert.   Then there is my siblings and I. They have great grades (3.9 and 4.0), though they are only in middle school. They are both 3 sport athletes. One is involved in band, one in choir.   Meanwhile, I am a Junior, top of my class. I am the youngest in my year, because I skipped a grade (1/2 7th, 1/2 8th). I am taking the hardest classes available, and am actively working with the community college to visit other schools, and seek scholarships. I am a member of my school's ASB (Associated Student Body) government, being the IT Director. This is my 2nd year doing it. I was until this year, involved with soccer (injured, lost will to play), have been involved with the drama department (plays + musicals. Will be acting in the play this fall, and backstage work for the musicals). I am also the wrestling team manager/stats person. I am one of two programmers for our robotics team. I also attend all home softball games, and the away games that I can. It was neglected for many years, and is now being rebuilt. In a place that rains a lot, I spent a lot of time in the rain, running the score clock. On top of that I have  a job working at a local radio station during live coverage of games plugging ads, and reffing youth soccer games every Saturday in the fall, four games a day, in the rain (8-1ish).   We are all outstanding members of the community, and would not be so without government aid.   Edit:
1	Do what this guy said.  Then go find a program that shuts off mouse acceleration in the registry.  There are several.   After that set your mouse sensitivity to the MIDDLE setting (in the game and in windows.)  This is the setting that does not extrapolate your movements mathematically (reducing accuracy).  If you have a mouse with adjustable DPI, use THAT to tune your mouse sensitivity.   When you've done THAT... increase your mouse polling rate.  Standard is 125 Hz.  Some software and mice can go as high as 500 Hz or even 1000 Hz.  This is an eight-times-faster response time, and it's HUGELY noticeable.   The last thing you can do is remove mouse correction if you have it.  Again, there is probably software for this to be done, but if it's buried in your firmware you may have to replace your mouse if you're going to go this far.   So, to recap: Enhancement/Acceleration off: causes all mouse movements (of the same displacement) to move the cursor the same distance, regardless of velocity.  Sensitivityx1.0/DPI adjustment: Causes all mouse movements to have a MEASURABLE 1-to-1 accuracy. Polling rate increase: causes those mouse movements to be registered up to eight times as fast. Mouse Correction off:  mouse correction is software that "corrects" close to straight line motions into straight lines.  It's common in many mice (even some gaming mice) and can help in some programs.  Turning this off allows for true movements to register.   I spent at least ten hours researching mice in the last few days as I've been looking to upgrade my mouse for months.  These are all the fixes that professionals recommend, and having them on my system has made a HUGE difference.  In the end, I was caught between choosing a Logitech G9x or a Razer Mamba 2012.  I went with the Mamba as I heard things about the G9x still having some acceleration.  Also, the Mamba is wireless (and maintains close to 1000 Hz polling).   It does, however, cost roughly twice as much and both are fine mice.   Happy Leaguing.  I'll see you in my mid lane.
0	Except the CIA said he never worked for them.  The university he claimed to have attended also says he was never a student.  We do know that he failed high school twice, failed community college, failed training for the army, worked as a security guard, lied on his application to Booz, and intentionally took a job knowing he was only there to steal information to sell and leak (he admitted it).  He only worked for them for a couple of months before running off to China with a lot of information about Chinese politicians and businessmen.  The bulk of the information he stole was about foreign politicians, military, and businessmen.  His only reasons for leaking any information was to both damage the US and generate interest in his product.  This is a man who failed at everything he ever attempted, said he wanted to move to China or Japan long before any of this, and held a grudge against the US for his failures.  He also lied about his salary, and when he was proven to be a liar, he changed his story to it being "a career high."  I don't know any security guards who make 200k/year...and we know he lied about his previous employment.  Nothing he says should be believed.
1	People in NA are still working on actually being able to work with the blue build. Koreans have made it deadly in the Asian scene, but among the NA scene, it's gaining some popularity with Imaqtpie doing it during the LCS. My point is that it is fairly strong in terms of poke and having some regen sustain.
0	Private  remarks that were made public clearly without his consent. Look, I hate to stand up for the guy but what he thinks and talks about with his girlfriend is his own fucking business. I'm sorry that it's such an unpopular opinion but I hate to see any person get fucked over for something they never expressed outside extremely personal relationships. So he's a fucking racist, how many other rich white  owners  think the exact same fucking thing as he does? Did you hear the full recording? He explains to his girlfriend that it's the culture he is part of; the culture of rich racist white guys who OWN teams of black men. I mean for christ sake should we investigate every fucking team owner now to check and see if they show any signs of racism? Might as well shut down the entire fucking NBA.
1	Am i the only one who think that people didnt use to flash orianna ults but in this Alliance vs Fnatic game everyone seems to be flashing Xpekes Orianna ults
0	Unicorns are a fairytale version of a middle eastern deer during the earliest recorded civilizations. It's antlers were bound and grew almost as one from the center of the head, giving it a unicorn appearance. This was seen as a horse like creature to the Europeans and they believed it to be magical or some shit.
1	Victim blaming is only relevant in the real world   And like magic, nine words into your post you established that you're a complete idiot. Bravo.   Victim blaming is relevant in  any situation where you are blaming the victim for being attacked.  The context does not matter. The type of attack does not matter. The medium does not matter. You are claiming that it's somebody's own fault when someone else snaps at them, which is not only painfully wrong but really says a lot about your character.   Nobody is forcing you to use chat if you can't control your mouth and/or what you type. Nobody is forcing  you to play. Better yet? Improve as a person.   And just in case all that was too hard to understand,
1	This is exactly the same reason why I stopped playing ranked, I was ~1700 season 1 and 2 then when they introduced this new system I was placed in Bronze 1 (My interest in the game did wane during my placements), immediately got trolls in every match. Stopped playing and let myself decay to B3 (get 0 lp, play a match and lose. Repeated this twice) until I just gave up.
1	The RIOT pictures are not correct tho.   The colors are certainly better, but it is not as amazing as they make it look.   If you look at the pictures you see the mistakes. If a colorblind people would see everything yellow, adding blue does not make them see all the other colors normal all of the sudden. If this were the case, they have solved colorblindnes.
1	Knowing that the system works is the only way players will continue being genuinely nice to each other. If the motherfuckers who spoiled my 2 games at 0 points by going AFK and demoted me get punished for it, I wanna go back in and forget about the whole thing.   Reminding you that people get punished for their actions is really not just satisfactory on a personal level; it sets the base of this game in terms of morals and consequences.
0	Yep. I mean I don't wish I was dead most of the time, ever since I moved out of my mothers' house and out of school, but I lived with her on weekdays almost my entire life, everyone in my close family smoked, my dad quit when I was around 8.   When I was young I still lived at my grandparents' house with my mom who didn't smoke during her pregnancy but I think she started again when I was around 2 or 3. I can still remember not wanting to be downstairs when she was home because the entire living room area down there was clouded by smoke. My grandparents' smoked a lot too, but it wasn't as bad and they were very considerate of me.   My mom refused to quit. "oh it's how I deal with stress QQ I need to smoke." So 3-11 year old me had to deal with it. Luckily we moved out into her BF/fiance's house later for a couple years (both smokers) and since it was a much bigger house and I didn't really do anything except go on the computer (upstairs) and my room was in the basement it was fine until they broke up/started fighting.   his daughter was going to visit and she almost died in a car accident and he lost his job. He was actually very smart, he helped develop the Canadarm for the ISS (or so I was told). After that the usual fights about money started (of course) but he got another pretty good job installing satellite dishes. Anyways, they broke up and got together a couple times after that. It was very confusing for 12/13 year old me.   Anyways after that we moved back into my grandparents' for a year and after that moved into an apartment complex for a year and then since then a condo. Just to paint a picture of how hypocritical she is:   I had a good friend who helped me out with getting me out of a depressed slump when I was 15. My mom was out of town for a week and my friend asked if I could look after her cat for a couple days while she sorted things out with her parents', so I did. My mom flipped when I told her and demanded I get rid of it. The year after that, with 0 warning she starts dating a guy and lets him live with us (I don't think I ever met him during the day or got to know him at all) and was told to deal with it. Yea, I can't hold onto a fucking cat for a week but she gets to shove some new guy into my life for 2 fucking years.   I moved out after they were having an argument which I decided to join in which caused me to move out. That was probably 8 months ago and I have only spoken to her once since then (christmas) which I only did for my grandmother.
0	I've had this saved on my phone since he posted it, it really hit home for me.  Couldn't find the original comment, so here it is copied from my notes. (I suck ass at formatting, ignore those periods lmao)   >Ouch.  Sounds like you're having a tough time max.  That sucks.  I've been there, so I kinda know what you're talking about.  I've been in the ever circling vortex of self doubt, frustration, and loathing.  It's no bueno.  I know.  If you don't mind lemme tell you a couple things.  You can read em if you want, read em again later if you feel like it.  But honestly man, if I spend all this time typing this out to you and you don't let it be a little tinder for your fire, well, you're just letting us both down.  And you don't HAVE to do that.  You don't HAVE to do anything.  But you get to choose.   >.   >(Who am I?  My name’s Ryan and I live in Canada.  Just moved to a new city for a dream job that I got because of the rules below.  I owe a lot of my success to people much cooler, kinder, more loving and greater than me.  When I get the chance to maybe let a little bit of help out, it’s a way of thanking them. )   >.   >Rule numero uno - There are no more zero days.  What's a zero day?  A zero day is when you don't do a single fucking thing towards whatever dream or goal or want or whatever that you got going on.  No more zeros.  I'm not saying you gotta bust an essay out everyday, that's not the point.  The point I'm trying to make is that you have to make yourself, promise yourself, that the new SYSTEM you live in is a NON-ZERO system.  Didnt' do anything all fucking day and it's 11:58 PM?  Write one sentence.  One pushup.  Read one page of that chapter. One.  Because one is non zero.  You feel me?  When you're in the super vortex of being bummed your pattern of behaviour is keeping the vortex goin, that's what you're used to.  Turning into productivity ultimate master of the universe doesn't happen from the vortex.  It happens from a massive string of CONSISTENT NON ZEROS.  That's rule number one.  Do not forget.   >.   >La deuxieme regle - yeah i learnt french.  its a canadian thing.  please excuse the lack of accent graves, but lemme get into rule number 2.  BE GRATEFUL TO THE 3 YOU'S.  Uh what?  3 me's?  That sounds like mumbo jumbo bullshit.  News flash, there are three you's homeslice.  There's the past you, the present you, and the future you.  If you wanna love someone and have someone love you back, you gotta learn to love yourself, and the 3 you's are the key.  Be GRATEFUL to the past you for the positive things you've done.  And do favours for the future you like you would for your best bro.  Feeling like shit today?  Stop a second, think of a good decision you made yesterday.  Salad and tuna instead of Big Mac?  THANK YOU YOUNGER ME.  Was yesterday a nonzero day because you wrote 200 words (hey, that's all you could muster)? THANK YOU YOUNGER ME.  Saved up some coin over time to buy that sweet thing you wanted? THANK YOU. Second part of the 3 me's is you gotta do your future self a favour, just like you would for your best fucking friend (no best friend?  you do now.  You got 2.  It's future and past you).  Tired as hell and can't get off reddit/videogames/interwebs? fuck you present self, this one's for future me, i'm gonna rock out p90x Ab Ripper X for 17 minutes.  I'm doing this one for future me.  Alarm clock goes off and bed is too comfy?  fuck you present self, this one's for my best friend, the future me.  I'm up and going for a 5 km run (or 25 meter run, it's gotta be non zero).  MAKE SURE YOU THANK YOUR OLD SELF for rocking out at the end of every.single.thing. that makes your life better.  The cycle of doing something for someone else (future you) and thanking someone for the good in your life (past you) is key to building gratitude and productivity.  Do not doubt me.  Over time you should spread the gratitude to others who help you on your path.   >.   >Rule number 3- don't worry i'm gonna too long didnt' read this bad boy at the bottom (get a pencil and piece of paper to write it down.  seriously. you physically need to scratch marks on paper) FORGIVE YOURSELF.  I mean it.  Maybe you got all the know-how, money, ability, strength and talent to do whatever is you wanna do.  But lets say you still didn't do it.  Now you're giving yourself shit for not doing what you need to, to be who you want to.  Heads up champion, being dissapointed in yourself causes you to be less productive.  Tried your best to have a nonzero day yesterday and it failed?  so what.  I forgive you previous self.  I forgive you.  But today? Today is a nonzero masterpiece to the best of my ability for future self.  This one's for you future homes.  Forgiveness man, use it.  I forgive you.  Say it out loud.   >.   >Last rule.  Rule number 4, is the easiest and its three words.  exercise and books.  that's it.  Pretty standard advice but when you exercise daily you actually get smarter.  when you exercise you get high from endorphins (thanks body).  when you exercise you clear your mind.  when you exercise you are doing your future self a huge favour.  Exercise is a leg on a three legged stool.  Feel me?  As for books, almost every fucking thing we've all ever thought of, or felt, or gone through, or wanted, or wanted to know how to do, or whatever, has been figured out by someone else.  Get some books max.  Post to reddit about not caring about yourself?  Good first step! (nonzero day, thanks younger me for typing it out) You know what else you could do?  Read 7 habits of highly successful people.  Read "emotional intelligence".  Read "From good to great".  Read “thinking fast and slow”.  Read books that will help you understand.  Read the bodyweight fitness reddit and incorporate it into your workouts. (how's them pullups coming?) Reading is the fucking warp whistle from Super Mario 3.  It gets you to the next level that much faster.   >.   >That’s about it man.  There’s so much more when it comes to how to turn nonzero days into hugely nonzero days, but that’s not your mission right now.  Your mission is nonzero and forgiveness and favours.  You got 36 essays due in 24 minutes and its impossible to pull off?  Your past self let you down big time, but hey…  I forgive you.  Do as much as you can in those 24 minutes and then move on.   >.   >I hope I helped a little bit max.  I could write about this forever, but I promised myself I would go do a 15 minute run while listening to A. Skillz Beats Working Vol. 3.  Gotta jet.  One last piece of advice though.  Regardless of whether or not reading this for the first time helps make your day better, if you wake up tomorrow, and you can’t remember the 4 rules I just laid out, please, please.  Read this again.   >.   >Have an awesome fucking day ☺   >.   >
0	That's the whole point of being a minority party. Only now the culture has changed where everyone has become so entrenched few are willing to budge. When you hear a lot of people talking they refer to ALL of them being evil or idiots. You cant get shit done with that type of mentality. The proliferation of TMZ style news reporting, which seems to refer to political parties like their opposing armies, only exasperates the problem. Do you really think once Obama is gone we will suddenly flip a switch? Whoever is President will be hated on by about half the people and the minority party in congress will be obstructionist.   You can go all the way back to the latter Clinton days for examples, but then again back then both sides were willing to give a little here to get some there. How about the mid-2000's. Do you remember the Nuclear Option? That was what the Republicans tried to resort to when the Democrats, pissed off at W. decided they were just going to filibuster every judicial nomination. Then they made a deal and the Dems subsequently won control of congress. Afterwards, when the nominations were re-sent (they had been returned since they were open so long) the Dems said, "nah, we are not even going to look at these for TWO YEARS, because we think we can win the presidency so we are just going to do nothing till then." Fuck you for trying to do your job. This is old news.   While I am willing to admit some of the hated towards Obama is really unwarranted, this super combative political arena has been around for a lot longer than 2008. Until at the minimum we get better leadership I wouldn't expect much change. I don't think I paint myself as any kind of zealot if I say that Reid, Boehner, McConnell and Pelosi have worn out their welcome and have shown they are ALL completely incompetent when it comes to fostering a productive Congress.   Whoa.... sorry. I started typing and bam, that went on too long.
0	I just got my first bike at 26. Barely dabbled when I was a teen; dual-sports. But now I got a cruisers.   HOLY FUCK!   Everyone should get a bike at least once in their life; just saying.
0	I feel your pain. It's the same story with Game of Thrones, How I met your Mother, Suits, Sherlock, Dexter, House, Gray's Anantomy, South Park, Top Gear, The Office (American one), Naruto, Bleach, Full Metal Alchemist or something, Big Bang Theory, LOST, Prison Break, The Mentalist, Monk, Ugly Betty, Sesame Street (JK, lulz), Chuck, Arrow and all that other stuff mostly women watch, such as 90210, Gossip Girl, Vampire Diaries etc.
0	Your team is down 2-1 away from home.   10 minutes to go, your strikers have been working hard to break the almost prison guard like hold the defenders have on their penalty area, but tired legs and crunching tackles have taken their toll.   The manager decides the time is now and makes a change. Gone is the young number 7 after a tough game, a couple of good strikes, piercing runs and an assist on the only goal they have. But his time is up, time to bring on the big gun.   He's been injured recently, but the physio says he's OK to play these last ten minutes. He's not played for a few weeks and was out of training too, so there's a little bit of rust. The young 7 comes off, handshakes are exchanged and our hero taps the touchline on his way on, shouting instructions from the manager to his teammates as he falls into his position up front. The fans know this is their last chance, our hero their only hope.   Straight away, the team attempts to get the ball to him, and almost right away the combination of his skill and his fresh legs have an effect. After the ball gets played through to him down the touchline, off he surges towards the goal. He uses his pace to blitz the defending winger and streams towards the defence, caught off guard but still in greater numbers. Our hero uses his talent to confuse tired minds and brilliantly dummies one defender, but has one to go. With a quick flick of the ankle he nutmegs the final defender, the ball passing through the last mans legs without him being able to do a single thing about it as our hero spins round him and rushes the keeper.   He winds up and then releases the ball in a deft little chip, catching the goalkeeper completely by surprise. He was expecting a low-and-hard smash, instead the ball floats past him into the top left corner.   The crowd goes insane. Their hero has done it. He's levelled the game with seven minutes to go. They're going home with a single point, seemingly a miracle after the opening 20 minutes of fierce play which saw the other team score two fantastic goals from open play, making a mockery of them.   The opposition kick off, but seemingly renewed by our heroes actions, our team springs into action. After they knock it back to push once more, our centre-halves close the ball down as our hero screams forward. The ball gets caught up in the flock of flapping legs and somehow, our number 4 manages to knock the ball towards our hero. But, no dice, he's cut down and the ball gets knocked back up field.   Over the course of the next couple of minutes, our opposition "park the bus", everyone they can get is behind the ball, defending. They're willing to settle for that single point. But Reddit FC smell blood. They know our hero has the talent and the skill to at least attempt something. Several attempts fall and are promptly cleared back upfield, but our hero, loitering just outside the penalty area manages to control a long-pass from our centre-back, brilliantly bringing it down from his chest and turning towards goal. He bounds forward, only a single defender and the goalie to go, just inside the box, he gets ready to strike, but is cut down by the last defender. You can hardly hear the refs whistle over the roar of the crowd.   He reaches into his pocket and draws his cards for the unlucky defender, different tribes hoping for a different result. It's red! The ref points towards the tunnel and gestures the defender to leave the field, which he does after some protest from both him and his teammates.   Our hero instantly grabs the ball and waits for the ref to clear the scrum around the penalty spot. Several seconds later, everyone except the ref, the keeper and our hero are outside the box. The ref grabs the ball and places it on the spot, and quickly paces himself away.   Our hero looks down at the ball, then the keeper. The game clock sits above the away end, and our hero glances up to look at it.   It reads 89.40.
1	Bullshit. You won´t get any restrictions from leaving 1-2 games   It only happens if you leave a lot. And the servers arent that bad that you disconnect and can´t login several games per day.
0	There's so much wrong with reddit and these posts and comments. Hopefully my comment won't get buried. This will be an unpopular opinion, but I'll try to speak my mind.     Life is about second chances.  I'm not condoning what Chris Brown did. I find it terrible that he hit Rihanna, but she's still alive and she has forgiven him. He may have bypassed jail time and harsher punishment as a celebrity, but he has done community service and probably paid fines. I don't agree with the light punishments, but he has done what was required of him. Perhaps he instantly regretted his actions. Perhaps not. If he  ever  did it again, I would throw him under the bus like a lot people here have. (Note, once again: I am not condoning his actions or the light punishment, but I am supporting the fact that he deserves a second chance).   Stop with the musical hate.  Reddit's hivemind mentality about hating people's music is dumb. You can dislike an artist's music, but it doesn't make it "bad" or "crappy." Everyone on reddit wants to be that hipster, so they throw popular music under the bus (and one commenter even said he is ashamed of his musical tastes. Why?), especially with Nickelback. Does many Nickelback songs sound similar? Yes. Are they bad? No. You can hate the voices, the sounds, the music, but don't hate the artist for doing what they enjoy and making music. For example, I personally dislike Justin Bieber's music, but I don't call his music "bad" or "crappy." It's simply something that does not appeal to me.   Stop saying people lack talent.  Some commenters said that Chris Brown lacks talent. This is often the same mentality that youtube commenters have on Justin Bieber, with their hate-filled posts about his lack of talent compared to their "real music." Both Chris Brown and Justin Bieber are very good singers and dancers, very talented in each aspect. I'm not saying that you have to like certain artist's music, but saying someone lacks talent or is "bad" just because you dislike them isn't right. (On the other hand, if they can't really sing and require autotune for everything, you can say they lack talent in singing :P)
1	No, you're approaching this with the wrong attitude. You think normals don't matter, your teammate does. But the fact is, neither of you is right. You both need to accept that other players have different expectations.   In this case, the person who says in chat that "its just normals" is in the wrong, because they are intentionally provoking the other person into getting angry. If you didnt say "it's just normals", they can't rage at you for it. (They might rage at your for something else, but at least you're not arming them). And besides, what's the point of saying that you don't care? Do you think you get virtual cool points for not caring? (Sadly, you don't)
1	Yet again another person who's completely ignorant of what this All Stars is.   People like you spouting these asinine comments with edits about how the All-Stars should play out infuriate me. Can you please get a clue before you spout more bile like this. "if you wanna see them troll". Right. Let's go through why I think you and your ilk in this matter are a bunch of plebs.   The All-Star event in Paris this month is for two purposes. The All-Star Challenge (Team Fire vs Team Ice) and The All-Star Match Up. The All-Star challenge, like these pick 10 events, the URF, the hexakill, are SOLELY for fun for the crowd and the audience at home. The All-Star Challenge is, as its name would suggest, a CHALLENGE. It's an invitational event of pro players from around the world, voted in by you, forming a team and competing in challenges against one and other. The reason the Pick 10 is getting a lot of negative feedback is because the picks aren't niche, they aren't fun to watch in a challenge setting. This leads me on to the next point.   The All-Star Match Up pits the best of each region against one and other in a SERIOUS and PROFESSIONAL tournament. Consider this a mini-worlds if you want your esports peen to be hard enough to thoroughly fap to this event. Every team there wants to win this event. We're going to see Thresh in practically every game, likewise with Lucian and Lee Sin. You talk about wanting to see mechanically challenging champs, then I would suggest only watching the All-Star tournament, rather than the All-Star Challenge.   The All-Star Match Up is the serious part. Expect to see mechanics. Expect to see well thought out teamcomps.   The All-Star Challenge is the joke part. It was always about fun. It was intended to be fun. Let's be honest, how mechanical can you really be in URF mode? These Pick 10 are going to make that game so bloody boring to watch I will likely skip it myself. I wanted to see Teemo, I wanted to see Sion. I wanted to see the pros have fun and to entertain me as the All-Star Challenge was supposed to do.
0	ITT. People without kids giving advice to parents on how to control their kids.   Edit:  For whatever reason, this simple statement is currently the top comment (yay!) and there are a lot of replies to it.  I'm going to use this power for good and try to give a better understanding to both sides.   First, I am not defending all parents, nor do I claim to know the situation that this meme was based on.  The parent could very well be ignoring the needs of his (using the generic singular pronoun here) child and in that case should be publicly shamed for it.  What I'm trying to say here is that sometimes situations like this arise, and through no fault of the parent, the child, or those around them, a shitty experience is had by all.  Not all (any?) child can behave 100% of the time, and sometimes the only solution is to take the embarrassment that you signed up for as a parent, and hope you make it home before you melt down yourself.   As a parent, I merely ask that non parents try and understand that we really do the best we can most of the time.  Different circumstances cause us to seem apathetic to our child's needs, but overall we try very hard to keep our children in check.   Let's go over some of the popular suggestions posted:     Take your child home - parents will tell you that the child, 99% of the time, would want nothing more than just to go home to their toys.  Threatening them to leave a grocery store, a clothing store, or in this case a waiting room is doing exactly what you don't want to do which is giving in to the child's tantrum.  You know why you notice kids misbehaving in public?  It's because you are in an adult public space that the kid wants nothing to do with.  You think kids go nuts at a Chuck e Cheese and parents just let it slide?  Believe me, I don't want to be there so it's really easy for me to threaten my kids with going home.  You don't see this because you're not at the Chuck e Cheese.   Take your child outside, away from the situation - I find that this actually works really well.  However, if it's cold outside or raining and your child is sick, this isn't really an option.  In doctor's offices I've been, they require you to be in the waiting area when they call you.  If this was an ER (explains the long wait times) then it's even less likely you can take the child out of the waiting area.   Have a toy/smartphone/book - Again, this actually works really well too, but sometimes a kid is just tired of a toy after a couple of hours.  They have very short attention spans and you can only hold it for a limited time before they want something new.   Control them - this is the most useless comment you can make.  It's like saying to someone who is sick, get healthy.  If it was only that easy.     Now to address some of the popular anecdotes people are using:     My parent would never let us get away with that.  I was never bad. - Think about it.  If this statement was really true, there are two near impossible scenarios.  Either you were born a saint or through some miraculous turn of events you were able to be disciplined after no more than two public tantrums.  Children learn through consistent discipline.  If you never misbehave, you wouldn't have known not to misbehave.  It's a fallacy.  You were good because you were first bad, and learned to be good.  What if everyone judged your parents for the times when you were bad and learning?   I take care of my brother's kids and they are perfect -  Sure, during the times that you are playing with them and giving them all the attention there is to give.  Most children act out only against their parents because there is something to gain from it.  If you're just there to play with them, no kids will act out.  It's when you have to take them on mundane tasks like errands, shopping, and doctor's visits that things get tricky.  It's also much easier to give 100% of your effort over a few hours, a day, or even a week than say every day over the course of 18 years.   Just because I'm not a  parent  caregiver... - This is a blanket statement that I won't back down from.  No, you don't know.  Seriously, I'm sorry if this sounds crass, but you simply can not fully understand what it's like to have to "control" someone who doesn't want to be controlled.  Sure you can give your tips in theory, or make observations, but it's impossible for you to fully understand what it's like to be a parent until you are one.  Specifically a caregiver in this case because we all know being a parent doesn't mean you reproduced, it means taking a life into your hands and trying your very best to make it succeed.  I'm open to your suggestions, but it won't hold as much weight as you would like it to.     For the parents:     Try to plan for bad scenarios such as the a waiting room.  - Multiple toys, books, etc will go a long way to get your child to behave over long waiting periods.   You need to keep on your kids, even if it's not working  - Continue to ask them to settle down even if it's just to show other people you are trying.  Giving up will just show your kids that they can bully you around the next time the same situation arrises.   Bring something with you that they want, just so there is something that you can take away. - The lack of punishment in a public space can be changed to your advantage.   Ignore non parent's gazes - Do what I do, imagine yourself saying "I told you so" to them one day when they have kids.
0	I read your comment wrong : X.   Well, bitching about it doesn't change it.  To be blunt, suck it up or shut the fuck up.   If it's causing you an inconvenience no one wants to hear to whine about it.  I'll tell you right now if my parents bought me a computer, phone, headphones OR paid my tuition, I would be the happiest motherfucker in the world.  I pay all of that myself, on top of being 21 and living by myself paying for rent, heat (which is expensive as fuck), food/household items, internet and car insurance.
1	Supporting is not equivalent to healing. Janna is a powerful support with no heal, as well as many unconventional supports such as Blitzcrank/GP/Ashe, etc. If you think that supports are heal-bots, you have the wrong idea and I'm rather surprised you're 1400 elo.   First, supports are characters that do not need farm to be effective. By letting the AD have all of the farm, they are (goldwise) basically getting a solo lane. Supports build gp5 items like Philosopher's Stone and Heart of Gold, which generate gold so they can keep up with the other players who ARE taking creep score as well as funding their wards.   Second, warding. Having vision over the map is crucial to a succesful game and can easily make or break a game. By having a character whos job it is to ward makes it easy for the damaging characters like the AD and AP to build up their damaging items and not have to spend AS MUCH gold on things like wards.   Third, the support often takes Clairvoyance to mitigate the enemy team's jungler as much as possible, as well as control points from anywhere on the map, such as dragon, baron, and both teams blue and red buffs.  Many times, simply seeing the floating eye will cause teams to abandon their taking of these important neutral monsters.   Fourth, healing. While many supports do have heals to increase their lane partner's sustain, which results in a more farmed carry, there are many supports who do not have heals.  Janna being a classic example. While her ultimate does heal, it is not practical to use it for healing purposes. Janna has a shit ton of cc and makes it much easier for the AD to get a kill. Wether or not Janna has many minion kills, her Q will stil knock the enemy up and her W will still slow them. Her ultimate pushes enemies away if she has a Rabadon's or if she only has an Aegis.   I understand what you're saying about support not being fun; many people agree with you, but as a support main I obviously thing it's very fun. You do't HAVE to play supports, but at least realize what their purpose is before you refuse to even try it.
1	I think that Riot is not touching Xerath with good reason. There is too much "blur" regarding him. He's a champion that people don't understand how to counter, or what his weaknesses are, so they just call him OP. I've seen so many people running back and forth in front of Xeraths and getting eaten up by everything he wants to throw that it's just saddening.   When I look at Xerath I get a deja-vu of Caytlin all over again. The first few games, when people couldn't dodge her shots were just awful. After people learned how to dodge them she was considered by most people, including pros, a terrible champion. I remember most of them recommending Miss Fortune over her, but after people discovered new ways of playing her, and put less focus on her main shot, she became viable and is now considered one of the strongest champions again.   I think that with Xerath we'll see something similar happening. After people realize how to more effectively counter him, and after the first couple of tweaks, he'll fall into obscurity, and then will likely be rediscovered.   I think he's definitely a strong champion, but I don't consider him OP. When he is nuking someone down, there is a time to react and there are ways to properly move to avoid some of his damage. The problem I see the most when people face him is that they try to run from him instead of running "besides" him. It's the same issue I see with people playing against Gragas, Lux, Ezreal, Orianna... those champions outrange most others, and if you always run back not only are you likely to get hit, but you'll also lose XP, lose money, and lose ground, you'll get bullied into your tower.   Am I the only one that remembers how people called Brand OP and impossible to lane against, then one of the pros bought boots, avoided almost all of his hits and suddenly he stopped being a big deal anymore? After 3 or 4 of these types of posts I hoped people would start to see a pattern.
0	Yes because everyone knows cheaters are moral people who cant lie or keep a secret from their significant other.   You should base all you faith on her words, excuse me while i go back into my black and white box of a preschool teenager who still believes cops are good and robbers are bad mentality.
1	separate each scenario with the number of OP champs remaining after the 4th ban:   (2)scenario A:if 5th ban is used for op champ-> 6th ban will be for the last op champ. else 5th is a troll ban and then 6th would also be a troll ban= both teams get 1 op champ. No clear advantage   (3)scenario B:if 5th ban is used on op champ, then the 6th ban would be a troll ban to leave 2 OP champs-> both team gets one. if the 5th ban is troll, the 6th ban will also be troll=1st pick team leaves 2 op champ open. No clear advantage.   (4)scenario C: if 5th ban is on OP champ then 6th ban will be troll-> 2nd pickteam gets 2 OP champs. if 5th ban is a troll, then 6th ban is on OP leaving with 3 OP champs again. 2nd pick team has Clear Advantage.
1	You are also hilarious. Sure, the jungel sucked for you, it was a great jungel if you loved mao, naut and the tank champs. And to be fair, this is a totally new game. And some might prefer the old.   I very much loved season 3 the most so far. Why, because it was the most punishing league has been so far. You could actually manage to lose the game by dying twice in lane. This pretty much made league more hardcore, more based on singel preformances in lane, more carry potential. And quite frankly, for me the game has died a little for every rubberband comeback mechanics they have added since season 3. Now it just feels like nothing matters pre 30 mins.
0	I was a freshman in college, did much the same thing.  I was a skinny kid, he was a football player.  I took care of the foam by using my nose oil to break it up.  I think I said something along the lines of "no worries bud, I'll take care of that".  He looked at me like I was a total idiot (which I was), and made a move to punch me.  Lucky for me, my friends intervened on my behalf and calmed him down.
1	Some of your suggestions do not belong in this game and they're your own misinterpretations of the game's style, and it shows heavily. Story mode? Hangout area? This is a MOBA, none of that shit belongs here.   Besides which your little list of what we've seen added to the game is a little coy. The S3 patch did a massive overhaul in terms of how the jungle plays out and the items we use. We've seen massive growth in the professional circuit and as for your suggestion that they added features such as spectating and custom items out of a fear that someone else might 'steal the limelight' I just think that's downright cynical. They added them because official support is  always  better than a community-made tool which A) might not be widely recognised and B) does not have the professional or monetary backing that Riot can offer.
0	THIS IS SHIT!!!! OMG LOL COSTCO IS A SHITY PLAEC 2 WORK!11111 OMG WTF COSTCO IS A TYPICAL SHITY RETALEAR LIEK WALMART TAHT CHOS3S 2 HIER AN ARMY OF PART TIEM TENAEGRS INST3AD OF FAWER FUL TIEM POSITIONS SO IT CAN AVOID PAYNG FOR THNGS LIEK VACATION!!1111! IT IS 3XCEDNGLY RAER TAHT IT PROMOT3S ANYONA FROM PART TIEM 2 FUL TIEM REGARDLAS OF HOW GOD AN EMPLOYE TH3Y AER111!1 OMG WTF P3OPLA AT COSTCO TAHT MAEK 17 AN HOUR(TH3Y R NOT TEH MAJORITY CONTRARY 2 WT OP SAYS AND HAEV BAN THEIR FOR OV3R A D3CAED 2 GAT TAHT PAY) GAT AROUND 10-15 HOURS A WEK!1!1!1! OMG WTF ADITIONALY LIEK MOST OTH3R SHITY JOBS TH3Y TEND 2 RAGULARLY HAEV SADE PART TIEMRS WORK UNTIL 130PM AT NIGHT AND TH3N HAEV TH3M CLOK IN AT WORK AT 6M TEH NAXT MORNNG11!1!1 FINALY TURNOV3R RAET AT COSTCO IS VERY HIGH1!11 OMG WTF LOL
1	Honestly, from what I've seen.. you really can't do much but just realize that solo queue is like this and this won't change.  It's the nature of this game, and it's the nature of the internet in general.  Also, the League ranking system isn't necessarily as flawed as people make it.  If you are good enough, you will rise up eventually.  Placement matches just make the beginning either easier or harder.   If you truly want to play with good teammates, just duo queue with someone you know.  Or better yet, join/form a ranked team.  The game is a lot different when you play with a team mentality rather than a solo one.  And being able to play with friends and place yourself against them is what makes this game fun.
0	If you want to mod a laptop you're going to have a bad time.   Ram and HDD are usually user replaceable in most windows based laptops. However if you want to upgrade your GPU/VPU and sound chip in your lap top forget it.
0	I took a world masterpieces class where the teacher was also the Dean of students, there was only like 8 of us in the class. He gave us a "study guide" that was 6 pages of nothing but questions on whatever book we read. The "study guide" was word for word the same exact test. Easiest fucking tests ever, the only hard part was writing out the answers that had to be in complete sentences.   On the flip side I had a 300 series honors comp teacher who made us use the full three hour time to take the final. Comprehensive over all 7 books we read and whatever else we did but only five questions that we had to relate to all those things, hand written in two of the blue books , each answer had to be at least 4 pages. I literally started 10 minutes before class and had to rush to finish 10 minutes after.
1	Silver 5 ADC main with three questions :). 1) I typically play MF, but I have recently picked up vayne as I she is very strong now. I typically rush botrk as my first buy (with boots after cutlus). Is this a smart take on her?, also which situations will this not work? 2) As an ADC main what button configs should I change from the defaults. Also how do I effectively make use of the 'a' and '~' keys? 3) How do I play/lane from behind? I know this is broad, but this is the thing I struggle most with in landing phase. Sometimes behind by my own fault, but also sometimes beyond my control from my support/jungle getting caught in lane.   Thanks for your help :)
0	Story:   > Jane  >>So, let me get this straight. You're going to total her car, and then a few months later when she has finally sold the useless hunk of metal, you're going to suspend her license for not having insurance on the car you wrecked? Thank you, Florida police. You are really on your a game.   > Me  >>What's the story on this?   > Jane  >> Basically,  Joan 's old car broke down while I was at a stoplight. Police officers moved me and the car from obstructing traffic by pushing it with there police car (here is the important part) AROUND A FREAKING CORNER AT LIKE 50 MPH. I steered using their momentum and even with slamming on the brakes, the car still went flying into a pole in front of a circle k.   >>I parked in that spot perfectly though, I will say that.  It was just... too far forward. Like bent around the pole. Busted her radiator, crushed the doors in so that I could barely get out, even cracked the pavement around the pole I hit. The whole nine yards.  Then, while I was under duress, they tried to get me to sign a paper saying that their actions/crazy speed that I would not even take a corner at with full control of my car somehow not a contributing factor to her car getting wrecked. I didn't sign, and I got a video of it from the circle k manager.   >>Anyway, yesterday,  Joan  found out during a meeting with her new boss that her license had been suspended due to lack of insurance. So, police could have arrested her had she been pulled over, and we never would have known otherwise, all because of a problem they created in the first place.
0	To add to previous comments, even sex is not polar. There's a normal distributing of sec hormones in everyone (and in utero) which leads to a normal distribution of phenotypes. Add in various more or less subtle chromosomal abnormalities which have their own normal distribution between the peaks of what we consider the extreme (theoretical) poles of male and female and we have a continuum of sex as well as gender. Granted with significant peaks but a spectral continuum nonetheless.
0	You know how you hear them constantly 'blip' their throttle at stoplights? If they have fuel injection (most Harleys built in the last 10 years do) then not only is revving your bike at stops completely useless, it's actually pretty bad for your spark plugs and causes them to foul (fail).
1	Looking at that guys' stats with champions in ranked, nowhere does he have a lower than .5 K/D ratio, and none of the deaths are more than 5.x/game. He doesn't troll when he plays the smurf, possibly it's a friend's account or he plays roles that he sucks at.   While he may pick and choose when he carries, he certainly doesn't blatantly throw any games he plays by his stats. His most recent loss looks to be a surrender where everyone on his team was pretty deep in the negative on kills. While he did go 0-3 in mid, it could be a DC issue.   It's probably a friend or relative's account by the score disparity between the games, he probably hops on every now and then to play a stomp game.
1	You can't classify a champ as the BEST, but there are a few who teach the basics much better than others.     * SoloTop-Gangplank. // Teaches great map awareness through his ultimate.    * Middle-Veigar // Teaches how to farm properly, and the importance of farm. Also great for nuking late. {As an alternitive Annie is strong, great to learn how to last hit with}    * AD Carry-[Many champs are great here, just my personal 2 favorites for learning] Ashe // Easy to last hit with, excellent map awareness with E although it has a long cool down, and her ultimate is a great initiator.                  *Caitlyn // Amazing poke potential, teaches you how to balance harass and farming.    *Support-Soraka // Pretty much gives you the basics of support, can't get much simpler then healing hp and mana. Can also teach map awareness with ulti.    *Jungler-Lee Sin // Best example of requiring to land skill shots imo. His Q is the bread and butter skill of his ganks, so if you miss it you're screwed. In the best case, you hit a minion near the gankee(?) and land an E.
1	It only seems to happen after a new patch. Each patch gets the item list sorted by price and that order gets locked for the patch. When a new patch comes along and another sort is introduced, it sees no difference between two objects at price 35g. You just need a second sort after the price sort on say alphabetical ascending.
1	Bangkok Titans played this out sloppier than they should have. They should not have given out first blood when G4 played too far up in lane with the jungler back in base or the skirmish in mid lane where ahri died too quickly and then Nautilus went to join her   Overall, their early-mid strategic map movements were way too weak for a first placed team. The poor trade in turrets in their mini-lane push for example, or how they freely gave away top turret when they went for the dragon. At least their teamfight seems to be another level above the Chiefs, for example winning the bottom lane dive that should not have happened because they did not take into account the availability of Maokai's TP after the death of their top laner barely a few seconds ago.
0	This is still bullshittery of the highest order.   You really think at 16, any non-mentally challenged human being couldn't make up their own mind about who they really want to have sex with?   Brandishing an 18 year old having consensual sex with a 16 year old with the rape brush just makes a mockery of rape to be honest.
1	People are just too sensitive. If you by any chance just happen to imply someone is doing bad, that player or his friends will do a witch hunt on you... This happened to me yesterday when I told our Jayce what he did wrong and he called in "all" chat that I need to be reported for verbal harassment of the entire team. Sad enough for him, we were 4 premade, so that little lie didn't work out.
0	Lawyer here.  Legally speaking, you're right - it is negligence, in this case on a basis of strict liability.  Strict liability means that negligence is implied if something goes wrong, because the actor had "exclusive control" of the situation (for bad example, if there is one guy in an elevator and it starts reeking of fart, he's strictly liable for the fart unless you believe in ghosts farting), or if the activity he's engaging in is one that is abnormally or extremely dangerous and it is expected the actor use extreme care and caution in engaging in the activity, and is responsible for any negative outcomes that result from such action.   Here, it's obvious the guy is negligent under the latter theory of strict liability.  He's a gun instructor, who trains the use of guns and handles guns with live ammunition.  He is responsible for the safety of every person in that room since he has (apparently?) been licensed/allowed to engage in such activity around groups of people.  No excuse, like "he didn't think it was loaded," would apply.  The law considers him to be at fault automatically because something went wrong. This is of course talking about torts (civil) law, not criminal law - which would probably require some sort of intent or recklessness to rise to the level of criminal negligence.
0	Your psychiatry textbook might be correct in a general sense, and assuming that it is referring to the US.  There may be issues with that assertion - beginning with the use of the qualifier "diagnos able ".   Another qualifier is the term "psychiatric disorder".  This would seem to include any of the diagnoses in professional diagnosis manuals.  I am most familiar with the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) published by the American Psychiatric Association, so I'll use that for reference.  I assume that you are familiar with it.  In the context of my comment, I was referring more to Axis I disorders, and not really to Axis II or Axis III issues.  That wasn't abundantly clear, so it has been edited to read "serious" mental health issues.   Also relevant: were these "diagnosable psychiatric disorder[s]" present when the crime was being perpetrated?   Next, I was not referring to the prison population as a whole.  The context was perpetrators of violent crimes (specifically those involving injury/death), because that is the issue I was addressing from the comment I replied to.  Also note that the current prison population is not the same as the total of those who are perpetrators of a crime, violent or otherwise.  Remember the drunk driving "affluenza" teen who killed four people and injured nine others?  Perpetrated a violent crime, was not sentenced to prison.  Plus, "affluenza" was a defense, not a mental illness.   What is the most violent mental disorder?  Depression, by a long shot.
1	There isn't really a viable option, otherwise I think Riot would have explored it.  Calling roles is annoying, but that is what will happen when people refuse to play certain roles.  Mechanically some people cannot jungle, for lack of runes or experience, and others just flat can't last hit as the ADC.   When I play, I like to call a role that I want to play.  If it becomes a crisis (say we have a whiny little brat who only plays top-lane because he thinks he's Dyrus or whatever), I will typically let him have it and play another role.  That only works though because I'm not raging about it and I can play every role comfortably.  For most people... that just isn't an option.
0	Good on you brother! It makes me happy when people finally get out of abusive relationships, be it the guy or girl aggressor.   I was stuck in an abusive relationship a few years back. I was dating this girl (I was 24, she was 27) and we ended up moving in together after almost a year of living at her mother's house.   She was one of those crazies, that once you sleep with them the first time, they "unleash the beast" so to say.   We were in a studio apt for about 6months, where I was the only one working as she couldnt keep a job. Due to her either being fired for drinking on the way to work or just sucked at the job. I wasnt allowed to have female friends, I wasnt allowed to talk to my ex gfs, I wasnt allowed to talk to anyone online while playing video games, I was on lock down.. When she actually managed to get a job, I caught her numerous times "leaving early for work" to get extra hours only to find out she was going to the liquor store on the way to work to get a 350ml of vodka to drink on the way to her job.   I worked at Coke at the time and was making about $11/hr @ 50+ hours a week, she would complain that she had to drop me off at the plant at 6am and come pick me up at 4-5pm when I got done with my route (I drove a bay truck and stocked vending machines all damn day). She also demanded sex at least 2-3 times every day (which after damn near 12 hour shift of slinging cases of coke five days a week, was really hard on me.) Damn near every night I had to walk across the street to the corner store to buy her a pack of cigs and a stupid four Loko or two. I  thought  I was in love even though all the signs were there and my friends/family telling me it was a huge joke to be in that relationship.   I wanted to leave all the time, but I was stuck. I had no where to go, no one to run to. No car. She was my only way to get to work.   Near the end (the last 2-3months before I left) the neighbors called the cops on us at least 12 times in that span. Every night the cops were there, they'd make  ME  leave because she was always drunk, even though I was the one paying rent, but she owned the car, which I wasnt allowed you use when I was told to leave for the night. One night I was forced to leave at around 2am, so I walked for an hour and a half and took a nap in the breakroom at the Coke plant.   The last straw for me was the night she started swinging at me in a drunken rage. Soon after the cops were there. I had scratches and bruises on my face, neck, and legs. My shirt was torn off and in pieces on the floor. She went absolutely ape shit. The cops did a quick investigation, saw the cans of beer on her side of the bed, took her outside and arrested her for Domestic Family Violence. She spent the night in jail and was released the next morning on a $1800 bail through a bondsman. The apt management came the following morning to serve us eviction papers and told us they werent valid yet unless the cops were to show up one more time, that was it. I told the lady, "Its fine, Im leaving tomorrow anyways". That day I went down to the office took my name off the paperwork, had my parents come and help me load up my stuff (I had everything, TV, Bed, Chairs, Table, dishes. Everything was mine.) I left her that day in an empty apt, no money, no job. Just left her high and dry. Havent spoke to her since. Got a new phone and changed my number.   Now Im dating a wonderful single mother of 2. Her ex husband put her through pretty much the same shit, then walked out on them. Her kids love me, and always ask her when Im gonna come around to play. I couldnt be more happy now.
0	WAITASECONDJUSTTHERE.   You think the blanket statement 'feminists encourage false rape claims' is a fair point. And you are seriously concerned by people not taking it seriously.   Regardless of the gender or type of person, you think people of any kind encourage false rape claims? Like you think there is a group of people here on this world who, in an organized manner get together and are like 'hey. That is a man and an enemy. He is easy to take down. I just had sex with him.  WHY DON'T I SAY HE RAPED ME? THAT WORKS SO WELL!! ' Cause you know, his semen needs to get on you somehow. Ever considered those forensics? Further, do you seriously have any idea what trials involve? How much effort? How difficult it is to get someone convicted. You think that people are going to organize themselves to but voluntarily put through that repeatedly? And then what, admittedly for [funsies, cause of the shockingly low conviction rate?]( You think THAT is the reasonable course of action. And that a group of people put themselves through that for virtually no gain for themselves.   Seriously?
0	If you're a gay man that hasn't had a negative association with the word f-----, great, but that doesn't give you the ability to speak for the entire community. 1)There are thousands of people who have had that word thrown at them while being bullied, shamed, and physically assaulted. They don't get to choose to be offended by that word, the association is forced upon them. Same for the n-slur. This is stuff that continues in the present tense, and to demean them as "just being touchy" is heartless victim blaming. So stop.   2) Beyond all that, words are what we use to teach people meaning. By contributing to a culture that introduces young boys to the words gay and f----- as negatives, long before they have the nuanced or even complete understanding of sexuality that we do, is terrible. Imagine any number of preteens on xbox live hearing and regurgitating homophobic slurs, then eventually finding out what they mean. They've internalized that negativity, possibly even before they know their own orientation.   3) You're saying that sucking dick is objectively submissive, and therefore fair game as use for an insult. You're wrong on both counts. It's a personal choice that can go either way, but for my two cents: I say, and feel, that the one in the power position is the one who has the teeth around the most sensitive part of their partner's body.   Reddit is great because it gives us the best possible toolset for breaking down cultures that perpetuate harmful ideas and language. It's also terrible because it's hard evidence that people don't choose to use it that way.
0	I knew this would come up, but as has been stated this was a general statement.  The law simply references autistic persons.  HFAs who are not raised in an ideal home might very well not know how to respond to that: they may not have been socially trained for it.  Just as the law must protect and punish equally, so too must it not become too specific on the matters it discusses.  As has been decided in this country we would rather be more heavyhanded on a few than too lighthanded on them all.  If we become too bogged down on what is helplessly handicapped then we'll likely see a rise in people claiming that some things that aren't handicaps are, and then our whole equality thing breaks down again.
0	I guess it boils down to how it's handled with the kids before, during, and after the divorce. Any parent that's considering divorce to already divorced, I suggest you read a small taste of my life and consider the potential outcome of your actions before you do them.   My parents divorced when I was 10. Before the divorce I was asked which parent I would rather live with; this translated as "which parent do you love more" to my 9yo mind and was the seed of my depression and suicidal thoughts for years. I told them I loved them equally and wanted to live with both. Thus they had joint custody of me and I live with each parent one week at a time. Two sets of everything from game consoles to clothes in my different rooms.   During the divorce, things foreshadowed how horrible both my parents truly were. I was the unwilling tool of their vengeance to the point that they actually forgot about the need to enroll me in school. After the abuse I got at public school and begging my parents to not go back to that particular school, my dad decided to find a private school. It was so late in the game that there was only one school willing to take me and they were on another island. Of course my mom considered this kidnapping even though my dad got the legal part sorted out. So my mom tried to kidnap me back; police had to be called to my school, I missed class, and my new classmates were a bit distant after the unusual commotion.   After the divorce was a personal Hell. Both my parents are narcissists (/r/raisedbynarcissists) and I was the center of their spite for each other. I came real close to committing suicide many times. Of the times when I was 10 holding a knife to my chest, the only thing that stopped me from doing it was the thought of how sad it would make my parents. For a while that's what stopped me when I was moments away from ending it; eventually it changed into a mental block and I am unable to intentionally harm myself. I knew the depression and suicidal thoughts were not normal and asked for help from my parents. Being the narcissists they are, they chose to ignore my requests much like they ignored my ADD diagnosis when I was 6. The best that I can gather is they're embarrassed by it and would rather go on like it didn't exist. My requests became please and those please went on for years until I was 17.   I endured my sentence of changing homes every week. They fought over everything down to the clothes on my back. I recall being enrolled into another school as the last one had a racist teacher/principal; this was a small school with some of the teachers living on property and my parents ended up in a screaming match in the parking lot before meeting the principal. I was used as their method of getting back at each other.   In addition to being one of their weapons, they also took out their anger on me with mentall abuse. This is far worse than physical IMHO. No one on the outside will ever have solid evidence of the abuse and most people wouldn't clue in anyways. My father put me down regularly and at times made fun of me. I could never do anything right with zero praise when I did. My dad sing my praises to his friends, but I couldn't believe it when I heard about it from them. My mother was worse with the constant lies and manipulation; I never knew what to expect from her and whether to believe her. The phrase "I have a surprise for you" has special meaning with me and immediately puts me on guard. My father occasionally would talk bad about my mom, but he did acknowledge that it wasn't right. My mother on the other hand would go on for hours talking shit about my dad with some truth and with lies. There was other fucked up shit she did, but I don't want to go there.   After five years of my sentence, I told them that I wanted to switch to two weeks instead of one. That provided a little bit of relief. After I graduated from HS, I told them that this living arrangement was over and I chose "which parent I wanted to live with". I took the lesser of the two evils and there I at least had a little more freedom.   I'm in my early 30s now, but the scars are still there. I am low contact with my parents and have no qualms about taking a restraining order out on them if necessary. My parents do not get to be around my offspring without supervision and I have been known to pull my child from their arms and correct them (my parents) when they start talking out of line. Think about that from my parents' point of view; their son that they think they raised well doesn't want to have anything to do with them and would rather not they see their grandchildren.   This is a small insight. There was so much they did that should never be done to a child. I wouldn't wish my childhood on my worst enemy, but I do recognize it made me a better person. Still, it doesn't make it right.
1	Pay attention to your opponents habits in lane. I have a friend who is much better than me and mains Anivia, but was having problems against a Brand in lane. I told my friend how I noticed he was always leading to the right and that Brand probably noticed too. He led the ice ball to the left next time and lo and behold he burst him down to 1/4 health.   This is an important trait when playing any champion, but especially Anivia since her combos (mainly) rely on such a slow moving projectile. If you notice your enemy always turning back when you advance, back up a bit and throw the q while facing the opposite direction. If they seem to hug one side of the lane, throw the q in between the middle of the lane and that side, forcing them against the wall. Anivia's early game is all about landing the stun and/or zoning. If you hit six before them, it should be GG.
1	This problem can only be addressed by playing more and more. From what I've read, you're a bit too nervous when it comes to normals. Try to chill for a bit and play with friends, and if you don't have friends play TT or Dominion and HAVE FUN (No diss towards Dominion and TT players). Also, just a selfish advice: don't play soloqueue until you get rid of that mindset, you'd just be hurting your own rating and wasting other people's time. It's a great thing for a player to know when you did something right or when you did something wrong; you can (and should) congratulate yourself when you turn a gank into a double kill, and, at the very least notice when you fucked up.
0	Thats simply because its not SciFi in any sense. Its much closer to a pure fantasy show that just happens to go into space on occasion.   If you just call the Dr a Wizard instead, absolutely nothing changes.   The new Dr is an average action fantasy show with a terrible soundtrack. Its quite fun at times too!
1	Just a couple things to add or change:   I like what you said about making a pro scene out of dominion and 3v3, but this needs to start with at the very least implementing ranked dominions like riot has been talking about doing for a long time now.   Secondly, its fairly obvious that riot is trying to fix some things, but are not listening to the community about others.  For example, the issue about people not getting their prize money from tourneys has still yet to be resolved.  However, Riot is doing an awesome job about listening to the broader community and are implementing the new ARAM map and making it a legit game type.   You also mention that Riot needs to focus on in game attributes of champions.  But, they have been launching re-work after re-work that I think the community has been fairly satisfied with on the whole.   Finally, I very very very much agree with you saying that there is a need for Riot to bring back the JoJ.  That was one of my favorite parts of the game.  And, for the careful readers, who read the entire issue, could get small "sneak peeks" at champions even before they are announced.  This was awesome, and it really gave the game an interesting backstory and some how made it even more entertaining to play.  I loved JoJ and really hope that they bring it back, or at least implement some new kind of lore that could be accesible to the community.
0	Yea, it's funny how people think this "eye for an eye" adult-child bully logic bullshit is a good thing. Fuck that. It's one thing for a kid to call the rude kid names, but if people think it is good for an adult (authoritive figure) to out and belittle a child, and then agree that doing that is one-upping the "bad parent" , they don't properly comprehend even basic psychology. That child was "dressed" (raised,conditioned) by their parents, if they're  wearing shitty clothes (bad behavior) would belittling their shitty clothes help the child change into something better? No, just like belittling their personality won't change anything either,  you dumb, neurotic asshole . Since you can't change the parent, focus on  your own child , teach your child how to deal with the bullshit in life (rude children, to start), how to speak out, and how to have patience. The bullshit will never go away, so focus on strengthening your own child (like you're supposed to) instead of focusing on the bullshit that knocked 'Em down.
0	Actually, if you are driving with the windows down, you have to turn the volume up to be able to hear over air blowing around your car and through your open window.  At a light, when the car is at a rest, there is no noise from the blowing air and the music now sounds like it is too loud.
1	You win games through objectives, not kills and assists. When your team has the lead in early to mid game, you guys should be pushing for objectives continuously and pressuring the other team to either group together and lose farm from other lanes, or to risk losing an objective (eg. tower, dragon).   When games goes 40+ minutes, the early gold lead that your team had has probably diminished. Carries on both teams probably have maxed out, if not similar in items. So at that point it's about coordination in team fights and catching people out.
1	I see where you're coming from, actually i've already had some argument about it with close friends who share your opinion, and i actually agree with what you just said : it's easier to carry as a damage champ. It´s obvious! But my point is that while champ like riven, syndra or even vayne are carry monsters that can stomp a game, but they may not be appropriate for every player. Actually for the most of summoners, they are not. There is summoners that are better at warding, ganking, teamfight, or whatever, and if you put these summoners in the midlane they wont be able to win more than 50% of their games because that's simply not where they are good at. But put them at support and they will win 70% perhaps. Because they are simply good at it! I think that there is no "better role to carry" in league, it is more about using what you do the best. Yes, zed 1shotin people seems like carrying. But zoning other carries from the fight with leona is as efficient !
1	OK people need to stop hating on Wickd, his champion pool actually isnt that small perhaps his kayle games at worlds was last luckluster, but he seems to be able to play it well in EU LCS as he has won the two games he played her in   more or less, his main focus with kayle was to counter the ryze, as his other champions cant counter ryze, therefore went kayle top again to try and counter the ryze but got wrecked by elise's ganks therefore never really executed what he wanted to do with kayle   if maokai or irelia were up, he would have probably used them but guess what, both were banned wickd's champion pool is where, the only meta top laner he does not play, is ryze he has played a lot of other champions, but irelia has always been his strongest champ and since it is in the meta, why not pick it   if froggen's anivia was in the meta right now, i am pretty sure froggen would continue to pick it   waht he couldve gone however, is lulu, if you havent noticed, he has played it a lot at eu summer split, also with it, he would actually make the team comp, idk not suck?
0	I took Anthropology this past semester and there was some girl in class who would not shut up about the end of the world when the professor did his lecture on ancient civilizations. He literally stopped his lecture, mid-sentence, when she asked for about the fourth time what he thought of the Mayan's end of the world prediction. He didn't say a word. All he did was close out his power point presentation, got on youtube, and showed a scene from Apocalypto where slaves (I guess that is what they were, I've never watched the movie) were being sacrificed by having their hearts ripped out so that the sun would stay up. Then an eclipse happens and they all freakout having killed a bunch of people already and all the Mayan chiefs look as high as a kite. The clip ends and the professor looks at the girl, completely dead pan, says something along the lines of: "This is more or less how the Mayan people were. They weren't some super-race of intelligent beings who could predict the future." She just sat in silence while everyone else around her kept on whispering: "Yeah, and they didn't account for leap years either..." At this point he resumed his lecture and continued as if nothing happened.
1	Oh I had few of those. One is the most intense game ending I ever had > They took 3x inhib in our base but I've managed to 1vs5 penta them as Morde at our nexus and it let my team stall long enough for our inhibs to respawn. Few minutes later we got 1 inhib and 2 nexus towers but they backdoored and took our inhibs again. Shortly after that everyone but me died at giant 5v4 baron throw. I was in their base mashing nexus when their inhib respawned so I couldn't finish, meanwhile enemy supers were approaching our nexus from all sides, all my teammates dead with 30+ death timers. Enemy adc Sivir respawned and tried to stop me from backing, but I ended up killing her with good ol' dfg-flash-mace-to-the-face-e-ignite combo and got her ghost. As there was no point to back anyway I've used Sivir to take inhib and started attacking their nexus again while our 20%nexus was swarmed by at least 100 enemy minions and no one to defend. As it was described to me, we won thanks to winions that spawned among enemy supers and drew tiny bit of aggro that stopped them from attacking our  16 HP  nexus for final second in which me and Sivir did the 50g last hit, all in front of enemy team flashing and throwing everything at me. I never had this big adrenaline rush while playing League.
1	The disparity between top and bottom looks rather large at the moment in NA, and there's really only ~2 teams sitting in the gap (T8 and GV), both of which honestly look just fine, but not insane.  I'd say it's pretty clear cut at this point that WFX, DIG, Coast, and TL(Piglet Edition) are the worst teams in the NA LCS, even though TL still may make playoffs, thanks to Keith's wins.   I think it's very possible GV and T8 could also step up and open up a real discussion for the ranking among the top 6, but as of yet it's hard to tell, with games being Bo1 and mixed schedules.
1	2 of my friends bought good champions and because after a day or 2,they still couldnt figure out how to play them they just refunded the champ. Personally,i wanna own every champ,learn them all and be versatile.I have had annie for over a year now but i only played 2 games with her.But i never regretted getting her and i sure as hell wont be letting her go. Usually its about buying who you like,but sometimes when i had IP that i had nothing to do with,i would just buy the 1350 champs from the start. Or the 450 champs. And before you know it,you have close to half the champions in the game
1	Some math on the new flask:   Old Flask cost  225g  and was worth:     2 health pots and 1.2 mana pots for an immediate value of  112g , meaning it takes  1  refill (after the 6th used charge) for it to break even and start making profit.     New Flask costs  345g  and is worth:     2.4 health pots and 1.8 mana pots for an immediate value of  147g , meaning that it takes  2  refills (after the 8th used charge) for it to break even and start making profit.     Other fun facts:     You can still start Flask and a ward, but then you can only afford one more pot.     The actual health regen granted by new flask is the same as the old flask (which is also the same as a health pot) which is 10 health/sec, but the mana regen was increased to 5 mana/sec from 4 mana/sec (both of which are less than the mana regen given from a mana pot which is ~6.7 mana/sec)     Edit : If you factor in the resale value, assuming the new flask will resell for more than 90g (the resale value of old flask) then it would only take 1 refill for the new flask to be worth its price. (old flask still needs 1 refill to be worth it even when factoring in resale value)
0	Since it's on the same topic, I didn't want to break this chain so I'm commenting to you. But, Jalbert425, I urge you research (not just define) the term Minimum Wage. It is set for the purpose of, "This is the minimum amount of money you have to pay someone for working for you, based of today's current cost of living." That's why that rate of pay changes on the geography of one country. One state or province (Yay Canada) might have a different cost of living than another so the wages residing these small areas change.
0	Let's do some role reversal with a much simpler problem:   You're a teacher. You're teaching students how to tie laces on a shoe. Your entire goal is that students leaving your class are equipped with the skill to tie shoe laces.   End of the class, you don't want to release "approved shoelace tiers" into the world without the students  actually  being able to tie some shoe laces, right? So, let's make a test. One question:   "Tie this shoe in front of me."   Sure enough, some student has his turn and he brings some duct tape and wraps it around the shoe. He's saying, "Well, it's tied! The shoe won't fall off! I want full credit!"   You're faced with this dilemma:     If you pass him, you're reinforcing the idea that he doesn't need to follow the rules and learn what is expected of him. He clearly hasn't demonstrated that he can tie a shoe... how's it going to look to his parents? "So and so can't actually tie his shoes!"     Remember: this isn't art class, this is shoe tying class     If you fail him, he's going to talk about how he can't believe he's being punished for thinking outside the box, and he actually did put his shoe on. But you're communicating clearly and succinctly, "You've got to learn this. It's my job to make you learn this."
0	I'll agree to disagree.   Just think about it this way; Mentally handicapped programs are good, but not all mentally handicapped people will get anything good from them. Because not all mentally handicapped people have the same handicap, they are all different, and unique in the way that they learn.   This is the same as any other situation with any other group of people. Every person is different, no program can honestly absolutely cover every single person, but the fact that the program exists is a good thing.
0	Fuck. I was that kid in middle school. I had a friend from my after school homework center place lend me his gundam wing game for PS1. I ended up losing it so I went to funcoland to try and get him another copy. The game costs $40, which was a fortune at the time and I couldn't afford it (this is when i decided to screw him over). I told him I lost the game and that ebay had a used copy for cheap and my older brother ordered it for me and it should come in a few days, it was during the last week of school. I played it off and ditched the last day so I wouldn't have to face him. I told my mom the homework center was just having a party for the last day and it wasn't mandatory to come.   Every once in a while I would remember this and fucking hate myself for it. The worse part about it was that this guy was nothing but nice to everyone. Kids would pick on him and he would still be their friend after.   Fast forward like 10 years. I was at a New Year Rave, some guy tap me on the back and holy shit it was this dude! It was a rave so we were both probably pretty fucked up and forgot about it. Still, this guy came up to me and hung out with me even after I pulled a dick move and jacked his game. A few days later I would again remember the game and regret the missed opportunity.   By some miracle many years later I had an art class with him. He recognize me and we had some small talk and it was one of those situation where he knows I jacked his game and I definitely know I jacked his game but never once did he brought it up. He even gave me his number to call in case I miss a class and needed the day's assignment. I knew that this was my chance to make it right. I waited for him after class. Honestly it was like trying to ask a girl out. I even practiced what I had to say, "Hey man, remember at the homework center we used to go to and that one time you let me borrow your gundam game? I totally jacked it from you dude and I feel terrible." he said that it was cool and just to forget about it. I insisted on getting him a new game, he didn't want it, but I insisted. I ended up getting him a new copy of L.A Noire. Feels good man.
0	Love eating food? Want to lose %body fat(because really you don't want to lose weight, you want to lose fat. Who wants to lose bone and muscle? Absurd.) and not change eating habits?   Then workout more. Caloric intake - caloric expenditure = %bodyfat( not 100% true, but a good way to think about it)   Keep the intake the same but increase the expenditure and what do you get?   Hate running? Good me too, fuck that. Lift weights instead. Why? Because muscle takes a fuckton of energy to use, make, and maintain. Whats energy? Calories, obviously-pay attention, you know that stuff jiggling around when you move? Bam.   This is called raising your basil metabolic rate. As in, how much energy you need each day to not start rotting away. You will not lose weight this way, you will build muscle, and this muscle will eat fat. So ignore your stupid lying scale and get some calipers. Then google skinfold measurements.   Don't know how to start lifting weights? Omfg google that shit too, go with starting strength, and obviously there is a subreddit or 100 for that plus supportive communities. r/fitness whhhhaaaaat?   Your a girl and don't want man muscles so you have to run? Are you fucking kidding me? Do people still believe that shit? Testosterone; you need more of this to have that kind of hypertrophy(muscle growth) so just get all sexy(arbitrary statement, I give no fucks) by lifting some weights.   Ok, you did all that? Sweet. Keep fucking doing it. Start slow and build so you don't get hurt and go back to being a fatass. This stuff takes a long time measured in months and years not days and weeks.   You got started? Been doing it for a while(a while would be like 6+ months, not you lifted once a week ago-OH and 4x a week you need to workout, no more (increased risk of injury is not worth small benefits) no less( sub-optimal exercise adaptation)? Got some improvements but still overweight? Well now you can start to look at diet.   Wait, your telling me I said you didnt need to change eating habits? Well fuck you! You already took the first goddamn step, and guess what the hard part was? May as well keep on going.   Its all down hill from here bro/sis.   Keep up the good work, and you will by habit(not force of will) if you've made it to this point. Only having one piece of cake instead of the whole thing isn't that big of a deal anymore. Hell chronic exercise inhibits appetite and you might even need to be forcing yourself to eat at some points.   Good job man. Look at yourself in that mirror. You will literally be able to SEE results, physically. No one will have to tell you you worked hard because your body is a fucking testament of that fact on display for every asshole who doubted you... especially yourself.   Oh also, on that inevitable day when your too tired and you just can't do it anymore, then take a break stupid you build muscle when your at rest not when your working out! Listen to your body, it knows whats up. Then get back at it when your recovered.   Who the fuck am I telling you what the fuck to do? Source:I'm a personal trainer and I study exercise physiology thats who. Who am I to tell you what to do? No one, fuck you, tell yourself what to do. I'm just telling you one way on how.   Why? Because I'm setting up a contract with a new location and am nervous so I'm distracting myself :P
1	I still can't understand how CLG lost to MIL in BoTA, Kerp was playing mid only for some weeks. Also can someone explain me how such a consistent team such as Cloud 9 who went 25-3 last year and 24-4 this year still lost to Fnatic in IEM? A team that had a winning streak of 7 games and a losing streak of 8 games? The consistent team lost vs an inconsistent team, making me think that the top 5 from Europe has an huge chance of beating the top 2 of NA easily, the huge difference is that in Europe there is actually competition, in NA there is not competition at all besides the top 3 teams, when 2 teams lose 10 games of 56 combined. This means that besides the games lost between each other, they have around 0 competition. While in Europe most of the team have an amazing quallity of play, let's put it this way as an example: If I'm Plat and I get matched against Bronze players and smash them, they will think I'm some sort of god and I'll look very skilled in their eyes, but once I'm matched against Diamonds, I'll have an hard time doing good or not feeding, making me look no longer like a star player. As an example we have TSM, if they shown to be such a good team why haven't they won a game against a Korean team in LAN tournaments? Eventhough they were always in the top 2 of their region.
0	It's not my story but, here:   A friend's friend, the trench coat, artsy introvert type dies from some disease he was too young to have during his senior year after a long battle. The school did nothing. The football jock dies in a car accident (it was assumed there was alcohol involved) and they canceled classes and made everyone in the school attend grief counseling--including my friend who was pissed as hell they did nothing for his friend. At the end of the school year, they made repeated announcements from the main office that my pal's pal needed to come down and pick up his yearbook. The school didn't even communicate the kid's death.
0	There's a difference between voting for someone with a disability because you feel badly for him or and and voting because you understand how happy it would make him or her, and that they deserve it. For instance, in my high school we had a kid with some type of autism. He was very shy, very quiet, but always extremely polite and nice to everyone he would talk to. I honestly couldn't tell you a single bad thing about him. Every year during homecoming week, we would have building session's at someone's house for our float, and this kid showed up to every single building session, every single planning meeting, every fundraiser, and always did anything he could to help or was asked to do. He didn't do it because it would make people like him, or because it was fun, but in his mind, there was work to be done, and people who needed to be helped, so that's what was going to be done. He did it in such a way that you barely ever noticed, and never asked for a word of thanks. Finally, senior year, when it was time to elect a homecoming king, someone tossed his name out as someone who was deserving of a little credit, and immediately, the entire class realized that we had to do it. Not because we felt bad for him, but because he honestly and genuinely deserved it. We kept it a secret from him, and when the announcement at the assembly came, we all sat in the raisers with baited breath. When our principal called him name, I wish you could have heard the roar that went up from our class. Everyone was smiling, patting him on the back, congratulating him, girls were crying, it was a mess. But that wasn't the best part. The best part was the look on this kids face when he realized that each and every single one of us, had noticed him and appreciated him. That look of simple joy and belonging was the greatest thing in the world, and if it's wrong to do something nice for someone because they deserve it, then for fuck's sake I don't want to be right. I imagine that doubters will just say that we only did it because it made us feel good about ourselves, but you weren't there. You don't know. It went beyond all the petty drama and ego that comes along with high school. It was a single moment when we made a good kid happy, and for me, that's what it's really about.
1	The problem is that, at least here on BR, people who uses drop hack do not get a life time ban, it is just a  1 month ban .   2 months ago I was loosing a ranked solo queue game (~plat5), the game was pretty over, the enemy team was holding a big advantage against us. Around the 15min mark the game drops, I couldn't connect to it again and it disappeared from my match history. I knew that wasn't me using the drop hack, so I checked the other 4 guys. One of them was holding a full victory page and some of his matches had 2~3 hours difference between the others, who plays one match every 3 ours?   I created one support ticket about this guy and he got a ban, between my ticket and the ban he managed to go to platinum and changed his name. I saved his lolking page and 1 month after the ban he started to play again and changed his name one more time.   (1 month between voli and khazix match)
0	alright I'll take this one   1)no-one said our debt was at dangerous levels, go read the original post. Yes we have less debt than the majority of the developed world but before labour took over we had a huge surplus. Also don't blame the GFC as deficit spending has continued well after that ended   2)Gillard only allowed a conscience vote because her party threatened to rebel and embarrass her at the liberal party conference. conscience vote was the compromise to keep from showing how little power she had, incidentally this is also the only reason we abstained from the Palestine UN vote.   3)We are bound by UN law to allow safe passage for Asylum seekers. This is EXACTLY why we try and avoid letting them land on mainland Australia because when they land here our law grants them certain rights, however when they land on islands or are intercepted before they get here we can deny them the due process they are entitled.   It seems like you are in favor of asylum seeker rights, as am I, but Gillards proposed 'Malaysia solution' was far more draconian than anything the liberals did. I mean ideally we should be processing them all onshore but unfortunately neither major party will do that.   4)Mining tax, carbon tax. Feel free to expand upon why these aren't valid if you actually think they have grounds.   5)See an honorable person would rather accept defeat than break a promise that saw them get the votes they did. You can say it was political reality but the fact is Gillard is in government rather than Abbott because she was willing to break her word and he wasn't.   6)yep   7)yep
1	After fact checking this article, i noticed that you didn't stop playing ranked, you continued you're rank progression on said smurf account and helped a fellow league player by duo queuing with him.  After 2 days of playing and streaming it, you helped him get to platinum, after winning 2 and losing 2 in his promotional series for platinum with an hour left to go in the season, you carried the team to victory with trick2g'esque jungle tactics as udyr.  Well done, a refreshing perspective on what the league community can and should be.
0	We have honors classes here in NY, like other schools. If you do honors math in 8th grade, you're essentially taking 9th grade math and get the high school credit for it if you pass. In 9th grade, you take 10th grade math. In 10th grade, you take 11th grade math, and so on.   I'm assuming InappropriateLiteral did that program. For me, 10th grade was Algebra/Trig and some people referred to it as precalc (For example, I'm doing college-offered Alg/Trig and everyone calls it precalc). You do trig in that class, obviously.
0	Gym rat here. That's a good guy there for sure OP. You always encourage. Always. People there to improve themselves are probably already feeling shitty and intimidated. One thing to do is gently encourage them off the Nautilus machines and into the free weight section. (Nothing wrong with the Nautilus, just a personal preference. You don't need to communicate as much on the Nautilus with other people. Getting them to the free weights helps them get to know other people and join the team.) Most are hesitant. I back off if they are adamant about not doing it. Not trying to freak them out. But a lot of times I can get them to join us in the free weight section and that's where the team building can really take off. Keep telling them it doesn't matter how much they lift. You give them a spot and start getting them feeling like they belong there. Part of the team. You say stuff like: "YOU'RE DOING GREAT! AHHH! PUMP IT! ONE MORE! C'MON! ONE MORE!" Wait...wait...hold on. Just needed to read that back to myself for a sec. Nope. That's all good.
1	As someone who worked for a LAN center similar to what you described (that eventually went out of business), I am curious to see what your plan would be for the myriad of challenges a business like this encounters.   To list a few;     Super high overhead     Investing in at least 10-20 high end PC's with brand name peripherals like razer keyboards and mice etc. Costs a tremendous amount of money. Even if you are paired with a retailer that cuts you a great deal on this stuff, you are still talking about a really big investment. Tack on top of high utilities cost (high end PC's suck up a lot of electricity) and you are looking at a large sum of money.  EDIT  Forgot to even factor in the cost of buying 10-20 licenses for each new game, that's 50-60 dollars a pop for each new title, which makes it that much harder to break even when kids come in to try it out.     Limited  Client Base     My boss had this idea that adults would come and pay to play video games or to use a better PC for work computing etc. But that really wasn't the case. Only a handful of people regularly came in to get work done and they didn't spend much because all they needed was a few hours to word process etc.   The vast majority of consumers will be teenage boys who want to game with their friends and try new games on a better system etc. And I originally was one of those kids and I fucking loved going to that LAN center, most fun of my childhood.   However, teenage boys tend to not have a lot of money to blow. Maybe they have enough to pay for a day or 2 on the weekends to play with their friends all day, but the other 5-6 days a week they have school and homework and part time jobs and no car to drive to the center etc.   So the center was super empty monday - thursday making like 0 revenue. And even when the kids were there, they only spend a few bucks on drinks and snacks or just walk across the street to the 7 11 for better prices and selection.
0	This isn't always the case. I spent 8+ years active duty. On my first tour my ex wife slept around. She'd make trips home and sleep around with friends from our past and the incident stayed relatively under wraps.  My second tour, she shacked up with a buddy of mine from my unit that didn't make the roster due to a profile (recovering from shoulder surgery). Mind you, by buddy i mean this guy was at our place for dinners, holidays, had his own profile on our xbox kind of buddy. But, when I came back to an empty house, tried pushing it up my chain and had a Captain tell me to "let it go" and ask "why I wanted to ruin another mans career because of something my wife did." The most resolved it ever got was having him moved to a different company. They're now married and he's stationed in California. Apparently multiple people knew in the unit, but no one thought to tell me because of "how it would effect my demeanor in an austere environment."
1	I often wonder this too. Essentially you are  buying it for the two passives (spellblade and rage), the movement speed and the health and mana (as AS, crit chance AP and AD are pretty much null on him).   The big appeal is the spellblade passive which does an extra 240 damage (at level 18). This is pretty much the same as adding 240 stacks to your q (as the cooldown is roughly the same as the cooldown for spell-blade with 40% cdr and you proc the passive with your q normally).   What I take from this is that it is less and less efficient as the game goes on (as 240 stacks on q is less %-wise). So the earlier in the game you have it, the 'better' it is. This being said I do not think it's a good early item. Buying tri-force early means you have no money to spend on cooldown reduction (which I adore on Nasus). In a lane if I am going even or better I will try to rush cooldown reduction as early as possible (Glacial Shroud, Ionian Boots, Kindlegem + masteries for 40% cdr). I usually later upgrade my glacial shroud into a Gauntlet or Frozen Heart (and sell my boots later on when I've gotten my cdr from elsewhere.
0	When I was about six or seven, I adopted a stray cat. My parents weren't thrilled, but let me keep him nonetheless. Stripey (my imagination came later) and I were best friends, no, super best friends.   Cut to family vacation. We have a great time, but all I can think of is getting back home to see Stripey. Finally get home and I run inside calling for him. Stripey is nowhere to be found.   My parents tell me that they gave Stripey to a lady from our church. They told me that I could go visit Stripey there if I wanted to, but that was his new home. He was also a lot happier there because he had all of her other cats to play with all day.   I did visit a few times, but Stripey and I grew apart. Eventually, he didn't even know me and wouldn't come when I called him or anything. Stripey lived a long and fruitful life at his new home for I think 12 or 13 years.   Cut to thirty years after my parents tore Stripey from my life. My mom tells me that shortly after Stripey went to his new home, he disappeared. The lady who took him in felt so badly about it that she got another cat that looked like him so when I visited I wouldn't be heartbroken.
1	very much has changed, new champs, new map, new items.  overall its to much to write all down, watch some patchnotes
0	It's funny, over the last couple of years I've gotten into various styles of BBQ.  I smoked some beef ribs a few weeks ago, and had someone tell me the only way to eat beef is rare.   I laughed a little, then served him a rare rib.  Shockingly, he did not enjoy it.   This idea of cook time depends  entirely  on the cut.  A super lean filet?  Yeah, just toast the outside and leave the inside bloody.  A fatty marbled monster just needs more heat and more time to break down.
1	This was happening to me too earlier (maybe a month or so ago?) I would finally get in at maybe 45 sec, sometimes even 1:30! It seems to have stopped, maybe a bug with the current patch? My ping was always normal (usually around 70-90) Or Frames would be like 0-3 for the first 30 seconds of being in base, it would never happen after the initial start of the game though, it was odd.
1	You are so right and after the game complaining on social media...it's like Brasil complaining that Germany scored them 7 goals of course a team won't hesistate to destroy you if you let them the chance...there aren't only ponies and candies out there. The real world is harsh.
0	Y'know, considering that this causes a commontion for all the other people trying to dine in peace, causes bad feelings on the part of the parents, and is petty revenge against a child who does not know any better... This is actually a really asshole thing to do.   It may feel nice to win a small victory by irritating a child, but you have to consider the ramifications of your actions. Obviously the parents aren't going to properly address the situation, or they wouldn't have a brat in the first place. There's no real gain, and you actually have a lot of negative impacts if you do this.
0	I think videos should have a quick summary, like a
1	That quote from Guardsman Bob is particularly interesting to me. There's a guy I know who plays DotA2 and keeps bringing up how LoL's teamfights last for ages as a criticism - like, yeah, do you not want the most intensive and engaging part of a game to last longer?   Just a note about Cinderhulk being OP atm - I think it's good for some new things to be OP at release as it encourages people to use and learn them. Now, as Cinderhulk gets trimmed back, people are going to start slowly moving away from tanks but will still be remember and be aware of the strengths of tanks.
1	I guess. I just wish there were a better way to play with new friends than smurfing. I used to play on my main with new friends back when I was silver and they told me they hated the game because they died so much/just couldn't figure it out, so I can only imagine how skewed it would be now. They just didn't understand the handicap they were at because of the matchmaking. Hell, a girl I met at Uni is god awful and I invite her to games with me and friends and she'll proceed to feed like mad every game to the point that she'll rage quit (after game) just because it's just not possible for her to compete at her current level in the game. And mind you she's level 14 now, so not necessarily brand new to the game(we all remember our first game lol... not knowing i should buy more than my doran's shield on vlad until 28 minutes in.) The only answer currently is smurfing and not slaughtering new guys, while giving them helpful advice.
1	not that I don't like the idea of a free rune page, but if you look at it in the free in game currency, 10win boost will supply you with about 1000-1500ip, where as a rune page is 6300ip, effectively you want riot to quadruple what they are offering us for minimalistic effort on your part, voting isn't exactly hard, I know you are tired of hearing this, but riot is a company and can't just give away stuff like rune pages, which require hard work to get, or RP which they make money off of.
1	I just read the rules, they say nothing about the match starting within 30 minutes, they simply say 30 minutes to contact, the screenshot shows him replying the 2nd text right away (he could have missed the first it it was while loading the match).   In fact the rules to say: Unfair play:   The following actions will be considered unfair play:    5) Unsportsmanlike or disruptive behavior such as inappropriate and/or unprofessional actions directed towards another player or tournament official.   It can trivially be argued that OP is the only person who broke the rules.
0	technically they are not. Simply causing terror does not make someone a terrorist, if that were true scary movies would be terrorist propaganda. What differentiates home-grown or domestic terrorists from 'lone wolves' is that terrorists intend "[to intimidate or coerce the United States government, the civilian population of the United States, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objectives.](   There is no evidence that the Colorado or Sandy Hook shooter intended to coerce anybody.
1	The only reason NA loses to korea is because they keep adopting things the koreans already do, so by the time we learn a champions strengths they know its weaknesses. I used to play an FPS professionally (will not disclose which) and we always copied chinese and japanese strategies. 1 sniper 4 riflemen or 1 sniper 3 riflemen and a CQC. Then we adopted our own style of 5 assault rifles with straight rushes. Their sniper became useless at that range so it was basically a 5v4. We came in 3rd worldwide that year.
1	Actually ever game is about the same worth in MMR gain/loss. The LP changes are kinda irrelevant, because the promotion to next league is triggered by MMR.   Here's my usual copy-paste explanation:   LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of EVERY league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
1	I have a feeling the rework team actually thought it was a clever pun and I don't think they knew the community was pretty attached to the original name. I agree they should revert it to Spray and Pray. I think this not because of nostalgia, but rather due to the gameplay mechanics of it in the same way I understand and agree with the Expunge rename, as it was actually misleading.   At the very least they should fix the bugs with it if they're going to rename it. Spray and Pray at least implied it missed, but Rat-a-tat-tat doesn't give me the idea that I will often miss targets due to it being a projectile, as well as be unable to damage inhibs or nexus while active.
1	What he is saying is that buying more hp doesn't increase his effective hp because the blobs heal for a percent. If he has more hp, he heals for the same percentage, but resistances will end up being more effective against the type of damage he's taking. Only once he gets spirit visage does hp stacking become more effective because his blobs heal for more but his abilities don't cost more. However, resistances will result in higher effective hp because he takes less damage while still healing for the same flat percentage on his blobs. Now if his blobs healed based on bonus hp at a higher amount than currently, THAT would make hp stacking effective.   He doesn't have a shield, so I'm not sure why you mentioned shields scaling with resists earlier.   The only effective scaling he gets with hp is on his passive, since it would result in him being higher hp when he comes out of it, and event that isn't that good, since his blobs have a percentage of his resists, so once again we find that stacking hp on Zac really don't do much relative to resists.   I don't know if getting damage that scales with % total or bonus hp would be broken, especially since it is something that can be tweaked down if it turns out to be too much damage.   When you compare this to Sejuani, Volibear and Nautilus, who DO get %hp scaling (on damage for Sej and Voli, and a shield for Naut) we find that there is room in the game for hp scaling to be an effective mechanic without it being broken, furthermore, these are on abilities that are on a longer cooldown than Zac works with. In a meta that favors tanks having reasonable DPS, Zac is surprisingly behind the curve, only doing significant damage with his ult. I think that putting a %bonus hp damage scaling on his E and ult would result in a champion that has a bit more viability in this meta without being broken, especially if Riot is conservative with how aggressively they allow the damage to scale.
1	I feel like some people forget is that Dota 2 is not balanced from a Hero vs Hero stand point. A big part of Dota 2's balance also comes from all the items and their actives.   A good example is the hero Outworld Devourer(OD), an Intelligence hero that can be classified as a Carry hero. A small rundown of how Dota 2 works is that, there are 3 stats; Strength, Agility and Intelligence. Each stat gives specific increases to out substats; Strength increases a hero's max HP as well as HP regeneration. Agility increases a hero's attack speed and for every 7 agility the hero gets +1 armor. Intelligence increases the hero's max MP as well as their MP regeneration. Now each hero has a primary stat, in this case Outworld Devourer is Intelligence, that means that for every point of Intelligence he gets, he will ALSO gain +1 attack damage. This is the same for a Strength or Agility hero, if they get points into their Primary Stat it will give them more Attack Damage.   This hero is great in a 1v1 laning stage because he can pull a hero out of play for a few seconds, and if its an enemy it will also temporairly steal their Intelligence, this gives OD more Damage as well as shrinking the enemies mana pool. He can also save himself or allies with this, for example if an allied gets stunned, he can pull them out of play, therefore disallowing the enemy to jump onto the stunned target.   Now his main damaging ability makes it so that with every right click, he does a % amount of MAGIC DAMAGE relative to his current mana pool(not max). This allows him to dish out a lot of damage if he has a high amount of current mana, however with every use it drains 100MP, so this means that he can drain through his mana VERY quickly. Due to this fact, his third ability, a passive, allows him to have a % chance to regain 40% of his MAX mana pool with every spell cast, including his hard hitting right click enhancing ability.   His ultimate is sometimes referred to as a THE HAMMER, makes it so that he instantly does a massive amount of MAGICAL DAMAGE in a fairly large area. The damage is determined by the difference of OD's Intelligence and the Intelligence of the enemies that were hit, and then multiplied by 9/10/11(depending on the skill level, ultimate can be leveled up 3 times). Not only that but the target's mana will also be burned before the damage is dealt.   Now then with that whole explanation of a single hero out of the way, you can clearly see that Outworld Devourer is purely a magic damaging hero. If left unchecked he can destroy an entire team but there are ways to counter him, the best way ofc is buy Purchasing a Black King Bar(BKB), a 3900 gold item that, when activated will give you Magic Immunity, but with every use the duration is lowered, starting from 10 seconds going all the way down to 5seconds being the lowest(continued use once duration hits 5 will stay at 5).   BKB is probably one of the most powerful items in the game and is probably picked up in 90% of games on atleast 1 or 2 heroes. This one item will shut down OD's damage completely, allowing you to man up and fight him without worry of dying to his insane amount of damage. This is an example as to how Dota 2 items are not only bought to help buff a hero but to counter the enemy's hero and help balance the game.
1	If you already are a challenger level player, you can carry 4v5 and will not have problems achieving 90% winrate in plat and below.   But you are not. It's not that easy. You learn, but you don't learn that fast. So you climb slow and losing a game in a promo to an afk that trolled the game before is a thing that can take hours to redeem.   Hey, some challenger said he can win 4v5 anyways, so obviously you should just do the same. Doesn't matter if you are a plat player stuck in gold or anything similar.
0	Problem Statement   Who manages reddit root now that the 2 co-founders sold it off?  Is there a  ban-a-mod  sub yet?  One with teeth?  Reddit needs checks and balances.  If they already exist then reddit needs to do a better job demonstrating the effectiveness of the checks and balances to the community.   Solution     One mod, the worst mod, should be sacrificed every month via front-page advertisement to instill confidence the system is working and instill a culture of faith in the self policing of the community.  Realize there won't be bad mods every month.  But the ban also is a form of term limit applied to the most disliked or least-liked.    The mods (Senate) would vote, as would the users (House).  Whichever mod gets the most votes, goes.  1 yr ban.  None of that swinging door bullshit here.  Since there are less mods there should be an incredibly transparent self-evident, and simple maths formula to make the weight of the Senate votes equal the weight of the House votes.  There will be vote brigades, tea parties, pirate parties, and a GOP.  These are unavoidable in a democracy.  Perhaps a Constitution might be eventually formed to address these problems...     Lastly, about that formula that assigns equal weight to the House and Senate votes: None of that NCAA football playoffs bracket-selection bullshit maths here, or figuring out the next Easter Sunday bullshit maths. 5th grade or simpler math is required in this endeavor.  Reddit will check its own work.
0	I was car shopping on Craigslist about a month and a half ago. I had to go 4 hours to Orlando from Miami to get what I was looking for.   Also, CarFax everything, people are shady as fuck. Some guy told me that this one car for an unbelievable price had a rebuilt title solely because it was stolen, radio removed, and then recovered, only had one owner, and low mileage (as reported on the odometer). Turns out there were 5 owners, had a salvage title (requires a $100 inspection to make it street legal and transition to rebuilt), and the mileage had been rolled back by like 50k. It had been stolen and recovered, though, so there is that. It did drive and look amazing as well.   I found another car, looked great, low miles, etc. After the CarFax, there had been 9 owners and the last 5 got rid of it within 2 months.   And here's my buried lead. I recently found this website, [SearchTempest]( it allows you to search multiple Craigslist areas, ebay, and amazon, concurrently. Having not really used it for too long, I can't really give a solid recommendation one way or the other, but it does or at least appears to, work ok. There may be some nuances to get it to work perfectly, but yeah.   **
1	I have the same problem as well, the range bug has actually been there since her release.   They released a "fix" for the deceptive range a patch or two back, which it is actually way more accurate than it was before they patched it, but still a little off.
0	Skills taught to scientists are very useful in real life situations.  Yes, they need to know to think logically and critically.  To trust their own observations but also to make sure their observations are correct.  To be okay with their initial notion of how things work just failing the real-world test, and using that information to make the next move.  They should also be able to communicate their findings orally, in writing, in diagrams.  They should be comfortable with criticism and have an ability to rebut any criticism that is illogical.  These sound like big things, but kids start small and then build on their knowledge.  This doesn't spring out of nowhere overnight around the time they're getting their pubes.  They have to learn it, and the sooner they're introduced, engaged, and are excited about it, the easier it is to teach them.  Like with reading.  Start them young and you have increased their chances of being thoughtful, in-depth readers.
