0	Animal control is not the same thing as an animal shelter. Yes, they serve a similar function when it comes to re-homing animals, but the larger service is community health and safety. Bureaucracies are bad enough without putting red tape in the way of putting down a highly dangerous animal. There would also be the issue of overcrowding, which is already a problem in no-kill shelters. Adult animals are very rarely adopted when kittens and puppies are available.   Some animal control locations will give the babies a longer opportunity to be adopted, but then you have infections due to close quarters with other animals - URIs in particular. A more ideal situation is fostering out the babies for socialization, but even then there's a limit to how many animals a single individual can take in at a time. That's also not going to help an adult animal that isn't social enough to be appealing to a family looking to adopt.
0	Whilst I appreciate that it's different strokes for different folks and all that. At the end of the day, the only thing you really ever possess, from the cradle to the grave, fully and without question, is your own body. Because of this, I believe we owe it to ourselves to explore the boundaries of what that body finds pleasurable. I've made a lot of discoveries with my wife about what turns us both on and we are closer and stronger for it.   My recommendation to you, and anybody else reading this, is to not be afraid of the unknown. Take a chance, give it a try. You may not like it but at least then you'll know. But... you might just add some physical and emotional pleasure into this harsh, relentlessly tough existence that we lead, that you might never have known otherwise.
1	Your suggestions are valid, however some are motivated by personal opinion or preference. #1-3 are purely client-based preferences- if they were changed there would be no discernible improvement. #4 is a psychological experiment with no clear roadmap to success. #5 is working just fine...though maybe not to your own preference or belief. #6 is already incorporated into league points and, if changed, opens the door for only toxic behavior (if some value of mercy is built in already, offering the option only nullifies the compensation).   7 is an example of feature creep. LoL cannot work by trying to do everything. There are 3rd party options that work better than what LoL can build from scratch. It would also open the door for even more toxic behavior (kiddos can't behave themselves in chat, don't expect them to be human in voice chat).   8 If everyone is clustered together, there's only so much real estate on the screen. You can see your health bar at all times which is the most important clarity piece.   9 Minions aggro according to rules. Changing the rules will affect the game in a huge way. Not necessarily a good way.   10 They have a team on that already. There are a lot of animations to tune up, agreed, but they're working on it champ by champ (See Sona in the most recent patch).   11 Changing the location of death timers and objective timers won't markedly improve gameplay. Personal preference. Gumming up the native UI is a downgrade in terms of clarity.   12 I agree with your observation.   13 Many champions have on-hit procs. Having champs have a default do-not-interact will not negatively affect gameplay as much as them triggering on-hit abilities by accident.   14 Props on knowing the magic circle, but the particular instances you mention do not adequately break the barrier of immersion. You're already somewhat out of immersion by the nature of the competitive mechanics.
0	I appreciate that you're trying to help out and it's a good thing you put your disclaimer that you aren't an expert, but your information is kind of not on the line.   For a beginner, as much as with anyone else, training should consist on what the person wants to do. It's why you have people who do SS or Blaha's 5x5 deal where the point is to do low reps and such.   As for the weight, if you're starting, you can probably increase by 5 every work out or two with rest days occurring at a day in between, for a beginner.   Now this is how I started my training, but I formulated it off of YT fitness (Blaha, Isuf, Hulse, McCarthy, etc.), browsing /r/fitness, /fit/, and BB forums. As well as talking to the weight lifters at my gym
0	When I was younger, my mom worked at a small Mexican restaurant and she only worked on Weds, Thurs and Fridays . .turns out those were the busiest days (cause my mom was a bad ass cook, people would come in and ask "Is Katie working today?", if not, they left) . . one day, there were a group of guys that always go in there and they thought the food was extra good that day and gave a tip to the waitress and gave a tip to my mom  . .I mean $20 was a lot back in the day and my mom was happy about it . . turns out the waitress took the tip away and told her "Tips are only for waitresses" and my mom got upset about that since she pretty much does all the work, and makes the freaking product that they sell . . so she said "No, they gave that money to me" and the waitress and owner pretty much said "Sorry" . . . My mom finished up her day and quit . . . To this day, I've yet to find a great excuse as to why you shouldn't/can't tip the cook . . . I've done this many times . . at the Waffle House . .I'll tip the waitress . .then ask her "who cooked my food?" (waitress will always tell you because they often think something is wrong with the food and don't want to take the blame), then I tell the cook . . "Great food, it was cooked perfect" and hand them a little something . . That's just always been my thing  . . so I tip the person who made the food and the person who brought my food out and made sure my coffee cup was never empty.
1	congrats on challenger, your in the top 100 and any of those streamers botgering you are probably below you. you are in the top 0.05% of the games best and anyone that tells you otherwise can fuck off you finally made it man.
1	I don't think anything you've said has persuaded me that the 1 child policy was a bad system. If it wasn't for that system the over population would be even worse than now and it's the one reason the country can even function without getting destroyed by every passing famine. The problems that you are talking about stems from the eastern mentality of gender inequality, thus has no relevance to the system it self apart from the effects of it. So rather than saying a necessary system to bring population under control is "hideous" because the alternative could've been even worse than the effects of gender inequality (if instead of 200 million women get aborted or raped because of the gender disparity, 500 million die over the years because of famine, which is technically the better scenario?). So
0	Its not his fault. If the police were better funded they wouldnt NEED to fill quotas (the whole point of filling a quota is to prove to the government they deserve funding and money.) Maybe if we, as voters, and taxpayers, gave them more funding, they wouldnt ticket us for driving 5 MPH over the speed limit. These people are protecting us from murderers, criminals, and other devious people, and we pay THEM SHIT. I work in a warehouse pushing around boxes, and get paid almost as much as a cop (possibly more than some.) Thats pathetic, considering their lives are on the line daily. Its not the cops fault, its the our faults, and the governments faults for not funding one of our most important institutions better.   Also, there would be 1000x less police corruption if they made enough money to support a family and send their kids to college....which they dont. Its not like cops become dirty just for the fun of it, they become dirty because they are broke.
0	Once upon a time xNotch got lonely because his creations only did what he told them to so he decided to give sheep the freedom and creativity to mine and craft things on their own. The one catch was telling them to never assemble obsidian in a doorshaped pattern. When the sheep started derp-facing around in the Nether a sad xNotch keeps the server up but nerfs gardening and never logs on again. @jeb logs on briefly several millenia later but doesn't announce anything particularly important besides "believe in me". Though @jeb did do some cool holiday patch stuff that included turning coal into diamonds and storytime to the flock gathered around the lava fountain one night.
1	Lee is an exceptionally excellent counter, although any champion with a strong lvl 1-5 duel potential will work. Burst is also rather good, as is cc.   Snare especially does wonders.     As a jungler valid counters are:   Lee   Khazix   Nocturne   Pantheon   Udyr   Vi   Wukong   >Your plan should be to take red level one and attempt to catch him at his second buff. Few champions are worse 1v1 at level two than Yi. Whether this is successful or not invest in a green ward or two and keep his jungle warded. One kill on him pays for 4 wards   Warwick gets a special mention, he can't really 1v1 yi but his ult can render a fed yi completely worthless.     As a top laner:   Ryze (Non-skillshot 1.5s snare on a low cooldown, build frozen heart)   Malphite (you destroy his AS and can counter his dives by ulting whoever he q's to)   Jax (you can 1v1 with counterstrike if you're even on items)   >As a top laner vs a jungle yi you should be able to safely exert a lot of pressure as long as you ward river. Depending on your communication and ELO you can organize counter ganks as well.     As mid just look for reliable burst and cc, things like:   Annie (if he doesn't dodge your AoE with q)   LeBlanc (double chains means you kite him hard)   Lux (if you can land snare he's dead)     As an adc you're at the whim of your team, but these champs could give you an edge:   Tristana (your ult can counter his initiate in teamfights and your w is a reliable escape as long as he's used his q)   Varus (the snare, if you can land it, can completely shut him down at any point on the game)   Vayne (if you have the mechanics to play her well just make sure you have ult before extending and fight him near a wall if you can. Counter his q with your condemn and kite him hard, 6 shots should kill nearly any yi)     Support (my domain of choice):   Thresh (If you can land a q onto yi he's done. Cast the q towards his target when he q's for a guaranteed hit. If he doesn't have his ult your kit also has two slows. Worst case scenario you gtfo and send your adc a lantern.)   Lulu (she's the counter-engage queen. You have whimsy to shutdown his damage and your ult and shield to mitigate it. Without his ult your q can render him immobile as well)   Braum (once you're 6 you have two reliable cc's for him to eat and a hard defense to put up for whoever his target is. Wait for him to q, while he's in midair jump to his target and spool up your ult so that it casts when he appears. While he's in the air either hit him with a q or an auto and your team should guarantee a stun. Without his ult you have hard peel with the slows+stun)   Leona (The other supports struggle with his ult negative their slows. Leona doesn't. When he uses his q just prime your zenith blade and jump onto him. Hit him with your q then immediately cast your ult on top of him, he won't be able to dodge it and your adc should be able to burst him with the help of your passive)
1	That's still like 3 times worse than previously, previously you didn't have to instantly Q, since they were silenced for 1 second, (btw the point of my comment was making fun of the 0.1 SECOND slow), you could just Auto - W - Tiamat/Hydra proc - Q and still deal a bunch of damage... I don't see why people are desperately trying to "find" something about this that made him remotely useful in any other way...
1	Lol this is exactly how I felt after completing ranked placements. It makes no sense to actually include MMR into the formula when playing ranked, because if you get stuck in a low elo, but you're technically getting matched with people your MMR, it'll be much harder to climb to what your actual ranking "should" be. Not to say it's ELO Hell, but normal MMR should not be taken into account during ranked games. If they want people to play around the same MMR, then they should just allow those people to reach those tiers faster (going down faster, or going up faster). And, I completely agree, the fact that you have to go through promotion series and division series just makes it seem like a lot more to deal with. All they had to do counteract ladder anxiety was make it so you can only go up, and only display what your highest placement was. You can still have your hidden ELO/MMR running in the back ground, but once you reach a tier, that should be what is displayed (your highest achievement).
0	Unconscious thought patterns can absolutely be made conscious, if you practice mindfulness spotting negative destructive thought patterns is a lot easier, and all you have to do is change them, because everybody has positive traits, and everyone has negatives, what i did was accept my negative traits and focus on my positive traits, rather then playing victim   i used to have extreme social anxiety, low self esteem and depression, to top off the tank i'm also ADHD-Pi with bi polar II   why? i was abused as a child, parents divorced, mom died, sent to behavioral school full of retarded kids making me socially retarded (my whole high school experience was ruined because i went from a classroom of 4 kids for 3 years, to straight up high school took me 5 years to re build my social skills in big social environments), verbally abused and put down from ages 0-18 by narcissistic siblings and parents   these are things that effected me, and almost drove me insane   thoughts are just thoughts, if you can understand that then you will understand that you don't have to give into to them   unconscious thought patterns are only unconscious because you're so used to them, just like walking and talking, you don't have to try talk or walk, you just do it, you're a virtuoso of your first language   obvious one is not at fault for all of their thought patterns, as many thought patterns and beliefs are adopted because of culture, and TV, and other forms of monkey see monkey do type behavior   [Neuroplasticity](   you could start telling yourself today that your name is Jim and your from Alabama, and after a while you would believe it without even thinking   you believe your name is your name why? because you think it is   i'm not some person who was raised with great parents ignorantly spouting 'well man just get better self esteem'
0	I won't defend it but I do understand it. The only way to fix it would be to take control of taxation away from the local governments - which would never happen because this country is all about local governments having power and preventing the federal government from having too much control. I do tend to agree with the idea that things will go more smoothly if you let states have control over certain things when the country is this large and diverse. I suppose you could argue that taxation shouldn't be one of them because it can be confusing sometimes but I'd guess that many Americans would be really upset if they learned that the federal government planned on telling them what their taxes need to be. I'm fairly certain that sales tax money goes back to the state, not the federal government, so it wouldn't seem fair to force people to charge a certain amount, especially when some states charge nothing currently and make money on other taxes.
0	I'll start by explaining a bit. I've dated here and there for about five years, random hookups etc popping up whenever, but nothing "serious" since I was about 23. This girl I knew but not super well, and one night while out with mutual friends things sorta progressed. I am ridiculously busy with work and another project I'm trying to get off the ground but I give her time when I can (not just whenever I feel like it or anything like that).   Normally I wouldn't even bother the way my schedule goes but I like spending time with her blah blah emotions whatever. There's this odd push/pull there in that whenever things start to move towards that "define the relationship" talk everything just goes kinda haywire. I'm not pushing for the talk, I'm just kind of letting things ride out, but she keeps saying how I don't seem happy or whatever, which really isn't the case, and I'm not sure how else to communicate that.   I could very well just be oblivious to a really obvious issue here, but like the meme implies, I might just be out of practice with reading things on this level. So, there's that.
0	I had a good one while I was in college in a small-ish town.  I was on my way to the DMV to get my license back after it was suspended for a BUI(Boating under the influence). The DMV is on the opposite side of town from the school, I asked the bus driver when she would be back at this stop and she told me the time I then said please don't leave without me I will be here at that time(I had a class).  It was raining that day and the bus stop near the DMV was exposed but you could see it from the shelter of the DMV building.  I had finished my business at the DMV and was waiting for the bus when I see it round a corner 15 mins early.  I start running over to the stop which has nobody at it because she is early and the weather.  But because nobody is there she only stops for a brief second and moves on.  She can see me running and waving my arms at this point, luckily she has to stop at the intersection I am crossing and I make it to the door.  I knock on it fully expecting for her to open it and let me on, she wont even look at me.  I start pounding on the door and yelling please please let me on.  Nope.  She just pulls away while the people on the bus look on apologetically.  I was so angry, that while calling friends looking for a ride and yelling about my experience people were coming out of their business' to see what the commotion was.  Luckily I only had to walk about 3 miles and saw another bus and this driver had a heart and waited for me.
1	I promise you that you get just as many free wins from somebody on the enemy team dcing/afking, you simply don't notice it due to confirmation bias. The chances of somebody dcing/afking on their team is actually higher than the chances of somebody on yours dcing/afking (assuming you have a good connection and never afk), so over time it'll actually balance out in your favour. Grit your teeth and play better, I guarantee you that you make at least two dozen mistakes a game or more so what right do you have to bitch and moan about your team? All I ever hear in bronze/silver brackets is ppl complaining that they have garbage luck and that their teams are shit, well dude I'll tell you right now that I play like absolute trash and yet on my bronze smurf I am 20-3 right now. 5 of those wins were 4v5s or 3v5s, and in all 3 of those losses I was like 15/2... but in all 3 of those games I cost us the victory because I made way too many mistakes and if you are the dude who is carrying... making mistakes WILL and DOES lose you the game.
1	Hijacking top comment so people can see:   You can actually buy 25 tier 1 runes that will work for most roles for 705 IP. Buy the following:     6 Lesser Mark of Armor Penetration   6 Lesser Mark of Magic Penetration   6 Lesser Seal of Armor   6 Lesser Glyph of Magic Resist   1 Lesser Quintessence of Movement Speed     Those runes as I said should work decently enough for all roles and they give a little bit more than half the effect of their tier 3 counterparts.   Now when you get to level 20 you can turn all these 25 tier 1 runes into 5 tier 2 runes and then the 5 tier 2 runes into 1 tier 3 rune by using the Rune Combiner.   Worst case scenario you get a 210 IP Rune from combining and lose 495 IP, while still having had that stat advantage up until level 20.   Best case scenario you get a 2050 IP Rune from combining and  make a profit of 1345, just under enough to buy a champion, and you still had that stat advantage up until level 20.
0	I believe what OP was trying to say is that mainstream rap used to be about real issues where as mainstream rap now is about shallow crap and partying. but as he said it your point stands correct.   though I do think its funny his name is motley crue, in the 60's most mainstream rock was much more serious shit and less about just getting high and fucking chicks and in the 80's shitty hair bands like motley crue flooded the radio with shallow garbage.   so
1	I had something similar happen when I was J4 with a Malphite on my team in Aram. We ulted across each others path at exactly the same time in an "X" shape. Malphite's ult completed, but it just stopped me mid ult, no stone arena...no movement...full cooldown.
0	Vaseline   been using nivea for men, burt bees and chapstick for years. Last night i finally gave into "vaseline". Woke up with my lips healed. 12 hours later, totally healed... im so blown away!
0	Introvert here, people don't think I'm creepy because I don't do creepy things. Whatd'ya know, funny how that works. I know that "creepy" people tend to be introverts, but it's more than that, usually some kind of social disadvantage during youth.
1	I feel like this is just a continuation of the nerfs to junglers. Lets face it, a jungler's job primarily is to snowball lanes early and basically just keep up in xp and stay relevant in gold. Lets say a jungler get a couple good ganks off early top lane and they get top tower at 9:00, the enemy top laner can just freeze the lane down by the inner turret and farm for the next 15 minutes and can stay relatively safe given the fact that it is risky to gank that deep in enemy territory. If their top laner is, lets say, Nasus he can free farm and get huge even if lane is lost. Same goes for bottom lane. A farmed ADC is a fed ADC so getting them behind only means they farm for 15+ minutes and return to the game strong as ever. This especially works since applying pressure to turrets in the current meta can be difficult with the popularity of wave clear heavy midlaners holding out for the team to catch up. Also many popular junglers fall off late game with the exception of champions like VI who own team fights.
1	Pardon me for shitting on your gold, but this doesn't really show forellenlords true potential nor is he at his best in these plays, HOWEVER the plays he does make is way above what 99,9% of the lol community could ever even dream of doing. The video showed decent high elo clips, some better, some worse, fancy editing with a tasteless title aswell as quite poor choice in clips. I've personally had the pleasure of playing against forellenlord, and he's a consistently great great player. You'd rather want to play good in 100 games than great in 50 and bad in the other 50.   Sorry for the massive rant and the terrible formatting,but i just feel like people are getting the wrong idea by watching this movie. I think you should aim to include top plays only, if you are to make a showcase/tribute of any sorts. This should however appeal to the majority of the lol community, just try to be a bit more original and to put a little more thought into choosing clips.
1	This only happens if you don't clear the next incoming wave. Since you killed their top it's safe to extend beyond their tower to clear them as they come up lane(Assuming you're not super low).
1	A big part of the answer to this is because it's a team game. It's hard to appeal for 1v1 help when a large part of the game isn't learning the mechanics or how to last hit, it's just how the game flows, when objectives should be fought for, when you should be peeling for people in fights and when to dive the back line.  There are general rules that should be followed and can be taught but experience is a very VERY key part of the way people play, between the divisions and leagues.  Here's an example of a situation that is probably more common in normal games with a mix of players; I am a diamond player and main top, but a few weeks ago i played on a friends account to stop his rank decaying because he is abroad. He is gold 4, and so naturally i was against a gold level top lane. he basically ended up beating me, i was playing jayce on blue side, and they had irelia. Normally at my level i win this matchup, don't know why just do, but at level 2 the enemy lee sin runs out of the bush and ganks me. i manage to get away, by burning a flash, but it set me back a few minions, and when i again go to ward the bush he is sitting in it and misses his Q but continues to sit there while my minions were in the middle of the lane.  Naturally irelia is getting stronger than i am and it won't matter if i outplay her, she would win the fight 1v1. I tell the jungler our jarvan not to come top and help, but to steal his blue, which he does, then goes bot and gets a kill. I continue to be pressured top, and die twice during laning, but i have warded and again see the lee sin coming when dragon is up. I ping at it, and my team goes for it, manage to secure it and kill the support who came to ward/check. We end up winning the game as our other two lanes are stronger and we make some nice mid game plays. Watching the game, it seems the irelia is better than me, she beat me in lane with help, and pressured quite well, but the balancing factor being the presence lee gave up on the map Using my pings/chat and some fortunately cooperative team mates i guided our team to victory. I'm not going to say i carried, as that's what the carries did, but nor did i feed uncontrollably, lose out on too much cs, or get caught out.   The
1	You want a solid solution? Make them ALL buy a pink ward near the start of the game (when everyone does their first back) and tell them to pop it somewhere in your jungle to help your jungler and to prevent invades as well as jungle based ganks.   I admit that I don't upgrade trinket until it's the last thing in my inventory, but I make sure to keep a pink on the map that I paid for ALL game and usually leaving it in your jungle will give you vision and since people are too busy running around as well as it being a risky place to clear, it usually just stays up.
1	Why isn't there a vote kick/remake option in the lobby?   Riot does not want to alienate toxic players, they also pay for the game. Hence the multitude of report options that do nothing, the disabling of the tribunal so only Riot has a say in which players gets banned from the game and the mute punishments instead of bans, they want the rager to keep playing.     Why isn't there any transparency on what can, could, or is being done about this?   Riot claims to be the most player focused company in the world, yet they don't want to admit the only changes they implement are the ones that keep players locked into their game   Think about it, I have been playing since 2012, I have seen:     Tribunal get shut down, players have no way to know how effective or ineffective justice systems are now, and have even less of a say than they had before.     A  community , one man, far superiot client get shut down whereas Riot kept repeating improving the old one was plain impossible.     The only changes outside of the game (SR and ARAM) follow this pattern. You don't like the new ELO system? Too bad, it feels less punishing therefore less likely to make people quit. No MMR based pick order now, we can't make players feel they are worse than their teammates. They even introduced "Champion mastery" now which in the essence of it, is just another grind just to keep you playing and striving to achieve that new "Goal" of yours (Same reason they revamped the ELO system, remember?)       Riot will not do anything that results in more players leaving LoL (even if its for the short term) than the ones entering, the only reason they auto-mute ragers is because otherwise other players quit, or don't try the game to start with, all the rest being secondary. They saw that a shitty client and no replays didn't really translate into lower profits and less players, so guess what? We still have a shitty client and no replays. Of course Riot provides us with very vague promises that it will get better but for an indefinite amount of time we have to deal with it. No present results, no concrete future results, no future timeline, all backed up constantly by corporate doublespeak masking excuses.  It's always either Riot does not have the resources to implement this "monstruous" task, (which they do with, what, 1.5B revenue from only digital sales during a year) or they have trouble converting those resources into results, in which case we should ask ourselves whether such a company deserves our cash.   Me personally? I'm not buying any Rp until at least 2 out of 3 are implemented: Replays, a functional player-focused tribunal and a new client.
1	I played about a month after. I lost 5 placement games in a row. Then I stopped for months, grinded a ton of normals,  came back won 5-in-a-row and got Sliver 5.
1	Discounting the bugs right now here are some good suggestions when playing an ap carry mid against a karthas.   Karthas has a lot of range with his Q but his autoattacks suck. He's going to be using mana constantly to get his farm up. Try to keep yourself away from your mininos because if your hanging around them he is going to try and just get you with a free Q while also hitting the minions he wants to farm.   Boots and 3 health pots will help you dodge in and out to farm up on minions or get a nice harass on him. Farming should always take priority against harassing a champ. 15 minions last hit is equal to one champ kill. An aggressive karthas is using a lot of mana and won't be able to keep up if your priority is dodging his harass and getting those last hits.   You'll be able to build mercs faster from some good magic resist you might need anyways, and come back with higher ap items that allow you to outpace him later. The better you farm early, the quicker you can outpace and win your lane and keep your lead.   Also make sure you don't push towards his tower too hard and get baited into a wall slow and aoe and a Q nuke while you run back to your tower and get killed. Watch his mana and know he will take an opportunity to punish you if your in a vulnerable position.   Good ap carries against karth are:   Orianna: superiour range and faster burst.   Annie: stun and a free Q on minions for farming, plus huge tibbers nuke.   Brand: higher nukes and aoe damage.   Also if your having trouble with getting hit a lot, make farming your priority and build some magic resist to help you. A negatron cloak or the cheeper 400g magic resist early can complety shut down harass from karth as long as your not taking damage carelessly.
1	Make a 3rd party app that does that for you. Have every cry baby on reddit tell you that it reduces the skill level in LoL. You have to learn to remember to type those things... It's not fair that you can do that and they cant.   Proceed to get Riot to ban your third party app and in a month or two they implement it into the game. Even with the raging kids crying its unfair because thats what differentiates the Wood IV players from Wood V players.   (For slowspokes this is the
0	It pisses me off that I had to go this far down the thread to find someone who wasn't saying, "but in this case..."   No. If you ever say "she made me hit her" you are wrong.   That phrase is used predominantly by asshole abusive people trying to justify their actions.   Are there times when it is okay to hit a woman? Sure. Will you ever need to utter the phrase "she made me hit her" afterwards? No. If you hit a woman who is coming at you with a knife, you will say, "she tried to kill me." if you hit a woman who is drowning a baby, you will say "she tried to kill the baby!"
1	This happened to me on my laptop at a friends house. First time I got put in a queue at position 1 and it didn't change for 5 minutes. Second time it just sat there. I went home and it logged in instantly from my house on my desktop. IDK
1	To be fair he didn't remove that to "hide" that specific thing. He had removed everything from his Facebook at that time. I doubt anyone gonna hide something after a full month.   He's allowed to say what he said there. That's not toxic, that's his opinion. Not everyone agrees with suicide.   And frankly, her last post where she said she would suicide she started off with "
1	I was laning against a Talon, and at one point during a gank he used his rake from the bush. The little flash of light at the beginning of rake somehow glitched in the bush, and from then on there was a flashing light in one of my river bushes and all of his rakes were pretty much invisible.
1	To be perfectly honest what ever your team pick if everyone play his best chances are that you are going to win. If you start flaming because people random or play a shitty champ (or an usual one that may be good) chances are that you will lose this game only because someone will not even try.
1	1.) Who the fuck cares? Get a new fucking name then you whiny little bitch. If someone took my name ( or hell if the government randomly said that I cannot have my IRL name anymore ) I would just change it. What the fuck is the big deal?   2.) Violating the TOS and then acting like you've only done it  sometimes  and it shouldn't be a big problem is so fucking ridiculous. I guarantee that you do it almost anytime someone asks you.
1	I'm one of those awful ragey girlfriends too, who's yelled at my boyfriend in games to the point where he started questioning if I even wanted a relationship with him, some of the things I said were just that downright repulsive. Best way to deal with it in my opinion is tell her to just mute her mic, mute Skype if she really needs to, and just yell at the screen until she's gotten it out of her system.   If you don't actually talk all game because of it, so be it, but I can guarantee you she doesn't really mean 98% of the things she says, it's just the frustration talking. Not hearing her voice for ten minutes is better than being verbally abused for thirty, plus the damage it does to your relationship. All the talk about changing attitudes and calming down just doesn't work for some people (myself included), no matter how many promises she makes and how many hours you spend talking about it.
0	Exactly. It's just my opinion,, so who fucking cares? And whether or not people I've never met believe or don't believe that i've had some immensely hot girlfriends doesn't change the fact that it's true.
0	I'm sure the guy was being a dick and deserved it in this situation. However, it does remind me of a time when I was in heavy traffic on the highway.   My car started overheating (turns out my water pump was busted), and I was in the far left lane. My only hope of getting my car off the highway (and thus, preventing an even bigger backup) was by cutting off 3 people to make the immediate exit. I tried rolling down my window and talking to the lady next to me, but she kept ignoring me, thinking I was just being an asshole. Eventually, I was able to barely make it off the highway, no thanks to the lady who I'm sure thought I was just the biggest dick of all time.   Once I got off the highway, I was able to coast freely along some backroads, get some cool air flowing through the car, and eventually made it to the car shop without having to pay for a tow!
0	These traits don't really add up to being fooled by that manipulative crap.   Not at first, no. But manipulation tends to be a gradual process. If you look at people in abusive relationships talk in therapy, they're not under the pretense that they're in an unhealthy relationship. It is often seen clearly by the therapist but making it known to whom are often otherwise very stable and good people can be very difficult.   Highly subjective, without a doubt. But the vast majority of people are vulnerable to this kind of manipulation, I'd say.   > Bitter guys who are tired of having girls manipulate them and walk all over them in the past go way too far and end up just treating other women in exactly the same manner.   There's no justice in collective punishment.   > I guess I can objectively see the appeal just because I'm aware people love power.   It can also be an acquired taste. Another reason, perhaps, for why the doctrine can be so well rooted in some people.   > But for me, relationships are about being equal partners in life.   As for me. There shouldn't be any particular conflict between partners. It should be, really speaking, the two joined together to tackle each others' or both of their issues and make the most out of their time.   > Yeah fights and disagreements happen but when they do I prefer to sit down and sort it out, not play games or manipulate someone into doing what I want.   It's not... well, it's not "convincing" someone to stay with you or to see your side of the point if you do it slyly, really. Arguing isn't my strong suit, because I don't see the point in it -- you know, the arguing that involves yelling and name-calling. When it comes to disagreements, I just assume debate-mode and go from there. Find the cause of the disagreement, find the reason for the disagreement and, if I still think I'm right, try to convince my girlfriend that I am.   It often works, and that's partly because I chose to be with a girl that is logical and fair. Most of the "Common GF problems" haven't applied to me.   > I mean I personally am actually very good at manipulation (it's not hard), it's just never something I've felt the need to bring in to a relationship.   I feel the same way. Manipulation, people don't realise, isn't like in the movies. It's not evident until it's already occurred, or not even then, if you do it right. A lot of my 'technique' stems simply from my openness to discussion with practically anyone. Because I can have a legitimate interest (and not even fake it) in someone's hobby, or just our subject of conversation, I can easily get on the good sides of many people. That works to my advantage a lot, without trying to be manipulative at all, to be honest.   > but taking that a few steps further and using it to justify mental abuse is going too far.   Whenever they try to put forth a generalisation about women, it tends to be too far. Sometimes, they're actually alright, but many of them believe that it applies to  all  women. Scientific bases for some of these things are fair to use, but, as Mathematics is scientific as well, you cannot assume the probability that all women adhere to the same 'rule' or 'function' is 1. And there's a million reasons for why that is the case. But many of them don't see women as the same, self-help and logical beings that, well, anyone can be.   > End of the day I think that sub and the philosophy does far more harm than good.   Absolutely. Which is unfortunately, really. It probably could've been used a lot to help people in general with low-confidence.   > There are other, better ways to boost your confidence rather than going all out.   Definitely. I've never had an issue with confidence, though I'd love to learn how to boost others' more.   > For instance, I'm sure you may have heard of Tucker Max and how he got tons of girls to sleep with him by being an asshole and having 'game'.   Honestly? Not heard of him. But it doesn't sound far-fetched or even particularly unusual. Playing the 'game' isn't my objective, and I don't see the "thrill of the hunt" when all you're doing, really, is  being an asshole.   Doing something that is innate to you isn't really... rewarding  or  skillful. Capitalising on naturally attractive features that so many females -- like most humans -- wouldn't think about falling for (but will, naturally)  isn't  "having game". To me, at least.   I think better of my having a 2-year relationship without having an argument with a girl that, like I'd said earlier, is logical and fair, than people who've slept with tens or hundreds of girls. One is more difficult than the other, because it's work and commitment. The other is frankly the 'lazy' route, and I'll never understand some people who glorify something so mundanely easy, to be frank.   With that said, you can have a listen at much of the mainstream music and note that people will glorify just about  anything  mundane and easy. :P   > Some girls found it amusing but unlike Mr. Max, this guy didn't happen to look like a male model with a ripped body.. something rarely mentioned in his stories.   Presentation is the  most  important, but a lot of the "cheeky" approaches  really  need a first good impression.   > Don't get me wrong, I'm sure the guy was excellent at getting women to sleep with him, but having a baseline of being good looking and in great shape removes a lot of obstacles when it comes to getting girls.   It can easily increase the chances, although it's hardly a necessity for a lot of guys, I think.   > however in his month of being a complete dick something had happened. He'd gained huge amounts of confidence in his ability to walk up to girls and speak to them, brush off rejection and move on. From then, he really didn't have many issues with women. Because he could actually approach them, speak to them and not be a doormat.   Which is quite useful. I wouldn't like to say that the approach was worth it -- I wouldn't argue for the negative effects on others just to boost one's confidence or give him a positive effect. But it is good, nonetheless, that something good was achieved out of it.   A shame that gaining confidence took such an extreme measure, though.   > I'm rambling a bit here but I think my point really is that while some of the ideals behind TRP are valid and beneficial... the way the entire philosophy is presented in that sub is utterly destructive.   I think that is the
1	To be perfectly honest i love facing Fiora as a top laner. Yes she becomes untargetable when she ults but thats why you learn how to counter play it. I personally like to take someone like a shen or lissandra against her and grab exhaust. When she dashes towards me i either e-taunt her right away as shen so that she takes a lot of minion aggro and i automatically win the trade or of I'm liss i w-stun her as soon as she comes in and then auto q auto kite. If I'm irelia, i e-stun then w and q away. If she comes close to me again i do the same, yes she may put dmg onto me but she can only kill you with her ult if you're low in health and if thats the case be prepared to exhaust her as soon as she dashes in because she will ult.
0	Strangely enough I was taught chemistry from a super christian guy. Totally believed it was all created by god, but at the same time it was his teachings that really brought it all together for me. Creator or not, you can believe what you want started time and the expansion of the universe, nobody really knows, but everything we know is a product of almost 14 billion years of systems. Systems that don't stop and don't change in their most purest laws. The universe is like a computer, if you give it the same input it will give you the same answer every time. This is exactly what gives us science, being able to test and experiment. If any kinda of "god" is real, I would argue that it hasn't been around in almost 14 billion years.
1	I have code that does that. When you're running that on 130,000 users (with about 2/3 active at any time) once a minute, it becomes a lot of bandwidth (weighty xml with tons of UI data vs slim json, multiple page pulls required to get full data, etc.). Plus they don't even list all of the currently live streamers in that view when there are more than a certain number live (which I discovered when beta testing that implementation with some users). I believe that code is still in the extension, but commented out because it performed poorly and would be too much of a draw (which I'm guessing the json was, since they shut down the "api" they had available).   It's true I'm getting a little "lazy" with this though, but mostly because I struggled through trying to support Own3d back in the day (which was a pain), and have tried for months to work directly with Azubu with very little effort on their end to even tell me  where  the best place to access data would be considering the traffic requirements of my extension. I also have a well-more than full-time job developing games (and it's certainly a busy time of year), a very full life otherwise right now, and have still put in a ton of time into this extension over the past two years regardless. I don't even use it that often anymore, nor do I make any money off it, but I want to keep providing it to everyone who loves using it, because I think it's awesome that so many people like something I made.   So go ahead and use your own code if you want. Or hell, take mine and modify it for your personal use. Or even make your own from scratch and put it on the app store.   </rant>
0	You're putting it too simplistic.  She's a successful best-selling author of children's books and has a child with a disability.  That's what parent's see and she caused just enough doubt caused parents to double-think vaccinating their children.  Coupled with the new-parent fears and then watching their toddler get pricked with 6 shots at one time they give her even more validity.
1	I have been maining Soraka for about a year now, so I have been playing her well before sustain became the new thing to do. Soraka was my first love and all that good stuff. Having said that, I am willing to admit that the amount of sustain she could provide can be a little overwhelming and perhaps could use some tweaking. However, increasing the cooldown to 20 seconds and halving the AP ratio seems a lot much.   Even now, with a little burst damage and a well-timed ignite a Soraka becomes quite useless. I think many people forget how easily she can be shut down.   Increasing the range on Starcall a little and bumping the AP ratio on it a bit is nice, but not nearly enough to compensate for the amount of heal taken away. If Soraka is in range for a Starcall, she is already dead. The range would have to be so ridiculous for Starcall to be a useful spell that to make it that would just be OP.  And bumping the AP ratio on it doesn't really help anything because there will be no reason to build Soraka with any AP at all now due to the ratio nerf on her heals.   Honestly, I'd rather Riot just unactivate Soraka until she can get a completely new re-work rather than go through with these changes. >.<
0	I recall reading somewhere that the timing on yellow lights is determined by how long it would take a fully-loaded 18 wheeler to come to a complete stop while going at the speed limit. The higher the speed limit, the longer the yellow should last... but I suppose that's if big trucks travel on those roads.
0	Just thought i'd toss this in there. Nothing said during a marriage ceremony has any inherent value unless you actually have the balls to man up to it. I'm a guy and i see old friends getting married and saying shit like this. They wont hold true to it. I know this, they know this, everyone they know knows it. Because they have no spine and are doing it out of societal obligation instead of personal revelation.   The real problem isn't that it shouldn't be said. By all means it SHOULD be said and you should back it up by making it work. You should date and get to know each other. Then make an educated decision based on experience over a long period of time. Then if the two parties are in agreement you submit your word and honor in a public ceremony and you own up to it. If you don't own up to it you should be ashamed of yourself and everyone there that witnessed you should be ashamed of you.   Life is going to suck on and off your whole life and if your life don't suck don't worry it will. When you get married guess what your lives and work situations aren't going to magically align perfectly. That means your going to have an issue and then right when you think its over. The person your with will most likely have an issue.  This cycle will repeat over and over. Every time either of you have an issue, Your going to be dragging the other person with you.   Marriage is about making a commitment to sacrifice yourself, your future, and your happiness. To try to make life just a little bit better for someone else. If both parties aren't worthless pieces of shit then it works fine... even if one of you are then you can make it work. The reason why marriages fail is because either A. you pussy out and the other person wont try to force you to work it out. or B. They do and you wont drag them kicking and screaming to success. or most likely C. You both do because your dumb and didn't realize life isn't a magical fairy island.   Subnote: I'm not married yet, probably will be sooner than later. I'm 24 male, i started working at 15 grew up in a family whose total income was 40k a year. Parents are still together fought constantly but they worked it out. I now work in IT making 80k a year i live in Texas I subscribe to no inherent religion though for the younger years of my life i did attend many churches Mormon, Catholic, Baptist.   I hope that dispels any "he must of grown up rich" or "he doesn't know how hard work can be".
1	I really don't feel like these are the changes that Elise needs. I think she would be best served by being an ap bruiser. What she needs is better tank scaling. I don't want her to have more damage because let's face it, at the height of her power, Elise was crazy hard to deal with. What I hate about Elise right now is that she lacks a mid and late game identity. All she is good for past level 5 is setting picks. She doesn't scale well into late game in her current iteration. What I would really like to see is a change to her R that makes her gain additional armor/mr while in spider form with each point put into R. I feel like this would give her the stats she needs late game to get into a fight and mix it up while still punishing her if she goes into human form at the right time. What's nice about this is that it both preserves and reinforces her current combo, but gives her a means to actually make use of it in fights.
0	I think there's something you forgot here.   The only fact that you allow your people to bear a weapon is disturbing. You are basically saying them that :     Your police isn't trustworthy   They need to fear people they don't know     That's how you fuck a society up. By letting them understand that they are alone. Of course your country is one of the most invidualist system in the world : you make people fearful of others. You can't trust others, because they can be dangerous. So you have to defend yourself from them.   When i leave my house, i don't even think about getting a weapon. I live in a french banlieu (=ghetto), i know some guys who got weapons (and i mean, bad guys. My brother-in-law was arrested for a roberry, when my sister used to date stupid guys), but even then, i don't fear them.   In the worst case, they will use their weapon to threaten me. They will not fear that i could use mine. Because i don't have one.
0	Even this won't save you. Had my laptop stolen once while on vacation in Florida. Called my parents back home and asked them to find the laptop serial number on the original box (finally a use for the boxes I saved over the years). The police then contacts the pc manufacturer, gets the MAC address serials for wifi/ethernet components, and the laptop pings back an ip address to their tracking system when the thief connects to the internet. Got my laptop back two days later before I left for home.
0	Well then, you clearly know nothing. Let me break it down for you, from an engineering prospective, comparing a non worker to a subway worker trying to get a job.   Firstly, Health and Safety in the workplace. A no brainer really, you learn certain health and safety practices. Sure, theyre mostly obvious, but at least an employer know that you know them.   Next, we have communication skills. You learn how to inteprit what a customer wants, and how they want something done. If youre working for a company that manufactures, you can show that youre able to make something to a customers specification.   Continuing in the same vein, you can show that you are aware of the concepts of correct assembly ie, you dont start with the sauce, same with you dont put the wheels on a car until you have the axels in place.   And then theres keeping logs, something an engineer will do alot.   Comparing 2 people with the same education, same grades, same background etc, except that one of them worked at subway whilst they studied, who's gonna get that job?
1	School holidays man. Killer.   Can't wait for all the youngens to be back in school. I usually play during the day (shift worker). The games I usually get tend to be pretty casual/relaxed most of the time.   However, as soon as the school holidays kick in, my games during the day time turn into toxic shitfests. EVERY time. It is so frustrating. I just want to chill and play a game after a nightshift. It is something I notice EVERY school holidays   And it is the same here. The content turns to shit and becomes really circlejerky.   Maybe I am acting like a self righteous prick, but I just miss my casual league games (I play normals most of the time).
1	Not possible, I know for a fact, you retaliated.   When I first started playing, i was pretty toxic and got warned a few times. Now, i'm just toxic like maybe 1/10 games, and never see a warning.   I just played a game earlier where this dude was raging at me because I was like 0/5 and it was promos. 2 people from each team spoke up that he was in the wrong and promos isn't an excuse to be toxic, they all said they reported him.
0	I think we've been (rightfully) giving shit to deadbeat dads of all stripes for years. The backlash against teen moms is really a backlash against the media's exploitation of teen moms as fodder for reality television and such. Its not so much that people see teen moms as trashy, but they see the exploitation of teen moms and the trends of teen motherhood in the greater population that come up as a result as being trashy. But this is Reddit, and the motto of the entire Advice Animals sub may very well be "Why use a scalpel when you could use a hammer," so you shouldn't expect a lot of fine-tuned criticism here.
1	The problem I see with this idea of her kit is that it nearly kills off a larger niche of AP mages... Ap trist, yi, Naut, Pony will be ruined by how much she can do in lane without doing all that much.   This also places her high tier for countering a large number of mids...
1	actually he does scale pretty well in damage, his ratios are really decent, if you go AD lee sin in a game and you get fed you can 100-0 anyone easy, the problem is that due to the meta, in the competitive scene, the top laners tend to be tanky  champs with some kind of utility, like shen, yorick, zac or champions with high damage and AOE utility like lissandra, kennen, jarvan.   there are exceptions, like poke comps who play the poke/disengage strat, or the global comps with karthus/shen/noc/tf.   and above all, for lee sin to be able to deal damage in a teamfight you need to Q into a carry, and if you do that you will most likely be CC'd to death before you can kill anyone, i play a lot of lee sin, and in the top lane he is only viable as a splitpusher, and sometimes i run teleport/flash on him, i dont always rly need ignite, because lee sin is one of the best duelists champs imo.
0	Um. She also did some good while being under intense scrutiny. My main issue with the whole thing is that Tony 'budgie smugglers' Abbott is a conservative dinosaur who hasn't even made a party platform. They just stand there and parrot disagreement without coming up with any viable alternatives.
0	I'd always used those cheap disposable razors for in the shower use (pubes) and a straight razor for my facial hair.   One day my girlfriend at the time offered to do my shower shaving, which obviously I didn't object to because shaving balls sucks. She used her fancy pink razor, and that day I learned that there are specific razors for shaving lady-parts and they are INCREDIBLE.
0	Same with me. I got one that was a 100% reduction of out of state tuition for grades. It's not a full one, but cutting down tuition by $14,400+ is amazingly beneficial. The best part was I didn't have to "settle" on a college and got to go where I wanted.
1	Just based off the little I've seen of you, I like you. But I've also noticed that you are terrible when it comes to stuff like this guy.   You're a rising public figure. This guy is a nobody. What do you gain by engaging with him in such a public matter? Little to none. Even if everything you say is correct, you can't let yourself get baited so easily. There is a reason notable figures in the scene stay the fuck off Reddit.   But I'm just a nobody, too, so wtf do I know?
1	if in a draft situation: (such as ranked) try to pick your adc later/last and if you see olaf, pick a champion with a solid escape/gap closer (Tristana, cait, ezreal, vayne) and consider playing a champ with hard peel (such as alistar with his knockback) while you don't get a stun you can still make him back off for awhile. then of course their is flash.   In a blind pick situation: Always prepare for olaf in some capacity. Make sure your adc isn't being forced into the role because nobody else likes it (this can be hard/impossible sometimes unfortunately) and make sure you are playing a support who has some form of hard peel (i'm not sure if olaf's ulti prevents him from being knocked up or not as i don't play him, so janna might work) and pack exhaust, because that 30% damage reduction should be applied to his true damage (unless it's bugged).   Ultimately, the best way to protect your adc is to make sure that you and your adc play smart in teamfights/lane, and if olaf is top, hope he loses lane.   If all else fails, flash   Counter play: (depending on olaf's place on the team, results may vary) a big problem with the adc diving olaf is it leaves the enemy team without a top lane tank (or jungle tank) to protect their adc (he's to busy diving yours), forcing their support/jungler/top laner to build tanky (or possible their mid). meaning their only form of big damage outside olaf is their adc/mid/top lane. If you have a bursty mid or jungler on your team you may be able to snipe their adc/mid and stop a lot of their damage in teamfights.
1	Top - usually tanks (Gnar, Maokai) or AP mage (Lissandra, Rumble)   Jungle - either earlygame based jungler, that snowballs other lanes with his huge damage earlygame (Lee Sin, Rek Sai) or utility tank (Sejuani, Zac) that shines in lategame.   Mid - mostly AP sustain damage (Orianna, Ziggs) or AP burst mages (Annie, Viktor etc.) or assassins (Zed, Katarina, LeBlanc). Most of mids stay by their supports and marksmans to peel each other, but assassins need to damage enemy backline.   ADC - physical damage carries, super squishy but he's main source of damage (Lucian, Graves, Caitlyn)   Support - adc's support (Thresh, Janna, Nami). He controls vision and makes plays by catching enemies, by engaging teamfights etc.   I'm mid main so I can tell you that mid is mostly about outfarming, outplaying (killing) and outroaming your opponent. The best champions right now are: Zed, Xerath, Ahri, LeBlanc, Viktor, Katarina, Annie (random order)   Laning phase takes place from start to about 10 or 20 minutes (really depends on how lanes are going and roaming). After that teams should be focused on taking objectives (Towers, Dragons, Baron;   Towers give map control and global gold,   Dragons give permament stacks, that gives you combat/movement/pushing stats (taking dragons is really good, because it pays off in lategame), but give no gold.   Baron gives same gold as 2 towers to everyone on team and gives a buff to everyone on team that gives you 40ap/40ad and faster recalling (4sec instead of 8sec) AND aura that makes your minions faster and stronger, but only when someone with baron buff is in range.
0	The mods of r/adviceanimals are hitler.   Ok, guys, pack it up, this discussion is over.
1	Stated below, but wanted to reply to the topic as a whole.   Speaking as an ancient person (22) I completely understand Reggi's point of view.   The issue here isn't about "being butthurt" or "sensitivity". This is purely about professionalism. Thorin in particular is known to be contentious and speak poorly about players, play styles and even to make personal jabs in players. He markets himself professionally and yet continues in unprofessional behavior. I have worked for the past 6 years, and here's the sad truth.   1) Being a douche drives away a customer base. If you are acting negatively on the clock that ends up reflecting poorly upon your employer.   2) If you are a consumer you have 100% right to take your brand, influence, clientele or business elsewhere if you feel harassed.   3) Abuse is abuse. For everyone saying to suck it up, feel free to eat those words the next time you report a toxic player. Because you just need to be less sensitive, assholes exist, right? The League community totally doesn't have a system to punish people for bad behavior.   4) Reggi is thinking of what's best for his team. Why should he subject them to having to go through getting slammed by someone with a chip on their shoulder when he could go to a different place for exposure with someone who will touch on the good as well as the bad?   5)The two hosts, along with occasional guests, discuss topics of interest to hardcore enthusiasts of the professional League of Legends scene. Spanning all of the major competitive regions, the show takes its cues from topical themes to inform the in-depth discussions each episode revolves around.   ^ That is the literally definition of Summoning Insight. That means that they are supposed to discuss topics related to league. That does not give them the right to VERBALLY HARASS (a punishable tribunal offense) other members of the community.
1	I hope this gets more attention here too:   You might be right (can't objectively judge the OPs motivation). I still see no reason though why his opponent would even join a solo queue game at the default time. If anything, that was totally sloppy by hashinshin.   I like the "good sportsmanship" attitude, and trust me I play by them myself - avoiding to kill dc'ed people etc.   But I do feel that if e-sports want to be taken more seriously they need to start establishing  fixed rules  with literally  no exceptions , same as all other professional sports do.   E.g. if you play football (soccer, not american) and you run into someone at full speed, knowing full well that you might break his legs, that is not really considered sportsmanlike - but if you happen to touch the ball first it will still be 'fair play' by the rules, thus your team would win the game..if that was what it took to get the last goal.   I remember some tournament where only after several matches were already played and it came to the first tie, Riot announced that 'time to win' would be the tie breaker. As far as I know that was not officially stated as a rule beforehand, thus giving the teams that played the earlier matches a potential disadvantage, since they did not know that they would gain more by running fast, early win strategies.   Regarding the rules: if the rules do not state what happens when the match gets delayed by one person to a point close before the result deadline, then the only one really to blame is the host/curse. It should be their job to fix this issue by organizing a new 1v1 for those guys + getting their ruleset fixed asap. The 'unsportsmanlike behavior' rule quoted is way to non-specific and can be used for pretty much anything: both OP and his opponent can claim the other guy acted 'unsportsmanlike' - OP for not waiting, his opponent for not being ready in time.
1	Dumbphone, no data plan.   -Laptop, but my wifi adapter is on the fritz.   -Fuck no. If my classwork is done, I see no reason not to play League.   I love your
0	What's up with buses and wallets?  Here's our story.   My brother and I were taking a bus out to go play some laser tag on a Friday night. When we got to a transfer station we had to go over a cross walk and get in the next terminal. When we reached the terminal my brother went to grab his ticket and realized his wallet was gone.   We traced back ours steps and while walking (at night around 8pm) some cops pulled over and asked what we were doing.  We told them what happened and they started helping us look for the wallet.  Suddenly my brother saw his wallet about 30 ft away laying on the cross walk. As he starts running towards it.  One of the buses drives buy and runs his wallet over instantly crushing it and breaking all his id's.... His ticket was a little bent but survived so we continued onto laser tag and had an awesome night. Hahaha we all had a big laugh,  about it and still talk about that night sometimes.
0	School work is BS. Professors would give few A's and sometimes none at all, making it a monumental task.   Work that would have gotten me a C or a B in school gets praised at my work and my boss thinks I'm a genius. You might think thats as a result of my school being very hard on grading, nope.   All their stupid grading that was on a whole other level compared to other schools did was give me a shitty GPA. It was my work experience and good recommendations that allowed me to get me foot in the door. Once I was in, my work spoke for itself.   My school is never getting another dime from me in terms of alumni donations. Their shitty policies screw students over when employers ask for GPA numbers. Most of them have no clue that your school has a reputation for being extremely tough.   I was extremely lucky to get a job after graduation, especially the one I have. I see so many former peers still looking for work or accepting jobs that weren't what they were aiming for.   Luckily GPA numbers lose almost all importance after your first job or couple of jobs. Employers care more about your work experience and what your former employer has to say (in the recommendation letter you hopefully got).
0	I think if we had any sort of food culture in this country, it wouldnt even be an issue. Very few people abroad are vegans, because they learn how to ear properly (lots of fruits and veggies, little meat), and their food is healthy (not processed, not as many sweets, no GMO foods, properly raised meat).
0	We seem to just have different philosophies on borrowing, and that's okay. The main thing I took issue with was that your original comment seemed disrespectful and dismissive. I think it's fair to say that, in most cases, when you borrow something you have a clear purpose for borrowing it (say, for example, you want to watch a season of a TV show and I lend you the DVDs), and both you and the person you borrow it from should have at least a general idea of the time frame of that purpose. I know people watch shows at vastly different rates, but I think it helps to illustrate my point. Say the season has 15 half-hour episodes; a casual watcher might watch an episode a day, taking just over two weeks to finish the season. If, after 3 or 4 weeks--past what I'd consider a reasonable average time, but not long enough that it's too much of a problem--I haven't gotten my DVDs back or you haven't said anything about them, I'd probably ask if you'd finished with the season. If you're done and you give them back, that's fine; I can understand if it took a little longer than I expected, you were probably busy with other things. But if I find out that you binge-watched the season in 4 days and were keeping them just because "you didn't know when I wanted them back", I'd be pretty pissed. Likewise if you hadn't even started watching; why borrow something if you're not going to use it?
1	It was just a simple (clearly failed)witty remark, something akin asking why someone would board up their house because of a report for a hurricane in florida, while they live in utah.
1	I know this is pretty much just an advertisement and is edited so, but I really think one of the main reasons Korean teams are one top of the esports scene is because they truly treat it professionally.  All the players seem to be well spoken, and even talk remarkably well mannered and even tempered during a match.   Half the American pro players I've seen just seem like they haven't grown up and matured past high school (granted some of them aren't much older than that but neither are the Korean players).   I can't remember who's LCS blog recap I read the other day, but it read like a 14 year old text message conversation.  Even in interviews a lot of the best American pro players just come off as completely immature and sound exactly like the 9th and 10th grade students I teach.
1	A few things.  Dr. Terrible  did  reach top 10 (either rank 2 or 1 I can't remember). The "bug" has been known by a few people in the cheat engine community (and riot) for the last 4+ months.  Before today any thread mentioning it would be laughed at and then the geniuses who frequent the forums would respond saying it was lag on the OP's part and would continue to say how LoL could never be "hacked".  The threads pertaining to the glitch would then be removed from the forums. It was not until today that it became noticed widespread among summoners due to Dr. terrible (who happened to learn about the value hack yesterday) exploiting it so blatantly.
0	Well, I Dont Have A Flag For Being Black...I Deal With Discrimination Still. My Little Cousin Deals With It Still And He's Fucking 11...But No one In My Family Is Waving Flags Around. Instead My family Worked Hard Made A living In Society And Made An Example of themselves as Black People That Doesn't Need voicing That We Are Equals And That's How It Should Be. Like I've Mentioned In The Other Thread by /u/Shekky08,  "Hey Im Different" Is The Wrong Way To Go. It Still Reciprocates The Idea Of Inequality. Of Course. You Can Be Proud To Be Gay, But Blatantly Showing It Off Like Your Not Like Everyone Else Adds Another Layer to The Line Dividing Us. So For Your
1	There was an are set up in a hallway where you could literally stand a foot behind players and watch and her how the communicate although when world elite was out there i was a little lost. Plus i got to meet Nick Allen, Buddy Hutton, and Riot Daimanatrix. (sorry if i butchered her name i can't remember the exact spelling). It actually was enjoyable and such a different experience for watching a stream or listen to it with there commentary. Overall i had a great time meet new people i felt it was a great way to spend my 18th birthday
0	The mean of a set of numbers and the average of a set of numbers are synonymous.
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
1	While it's almost necessary to jungle with your typical TT bruiser comps, eventually there is a  very  efficient way to avoid jungling, which is playing AP+Range AD+Support. Supporters are limited to Taric and Alistar though, so I heard it often gets outbanned on high Elo 3on3 by taking out these two.   While it may sound complete bonkers to most "olol trynda unbeatable on TT" complaining players, it's extremely effective because a bruiser like Tryndamere will never get farmed and the combined burst of such an indeed very bursty combo can get rid of weaker enemies extremely easy (while it doesn't even  rely  on denying farm, it works either way). Eventually it's almost impossible to win against this without bringing a jungler, because the ad-support lane will always be able to deny bruisers from farming and also almost everything else - so better have an unfarmed 1on2 but at least get the additional xp.
0	You complaining about 19?   We've been having temperature fluxes from -2 to 13 degrees every day. Oh, that's in Celcius by the way.
1	Free to play, try it out sometime. It's a game style that spawned off DoTA, a custom game from Warcraft III, basically you have your hero (5v5 or 3v3) and you're trying to kill the enemy's nexus/base before they kill yours. Add in lots of PvP, neutral monsters that give buffs, small creeps in lanes on each sides, and towers that defend the lanes and that's the game.
1	Actually nearly every champ can deal with yorick. the secret lies in runes, masteries and items. i prefer Olaf and Riven against him. both have high hp regen from the get go. take 3 HP regen quints, 9/21/0 masteries (taking the hp regen and dmg reduction in the defense tree) and start with a regrowth pendant and pot. you have about 36 hp/5 at lvl 1. get boots and a doransshield or ruby next and trade happily with him. its important to not just take his harrass but to deal some harrass too. be aggressive and try to push him into his tower. he cant lasthit under tower very well. irelia and darius should work too. irelia has inate sustain and darius has high hp regen like olaf and riven hope i could help
0	Holy shit people. It's just a fucking meme that's supposed to make you laugh or smile a little.  Parenting can be hard work. You have good days and bad days.  Like everything else on the planet, it's not always a grand ol' time and can be overwhelming now and then.  Everybody has those mornings where you say  "Ugh, I really don't wanna go to work today"  or days where you and the SO need a day away from each other. For those that are saying  "Shouldn't have had kids/WTF you suck as a parent"  do you tell yourself the same type of shit on those days? Do you go  "Fuck, I'm a shit employee/Should never have gotten mixed up with my SO" ? Get over yourselves. Parenting has amazing days and some shitty days. My experience is that the amazing ones greatly outnumber the shitty ones, but they do happen.
0	Why do you wear seatbelts in a car, but not on a bus?](/   Welcome to /r/askengineers boys and gals. Enjoy the ride.   the
1	I played about 300 games of dominion and have won over 50% of them to be comfortable enough to say that this is not the case. The beauty of dominion is that it is very difficult to get truly fed, as the gold per kill is rather minimal, with only a small experience reward also. Thus snowballing doesn't have the same effect as in Summoners Rift. At the end of a game if you look at the team stats the gold difference between teams is 1000 gold or less, even if it felt like a one sided match.   However as gold and experience is supplied over time rather than through farming or teamfighting, the game becomes more about picking 2/3 items that will carry you through a match as the games tend to last 20 minutes.  Furthermore, the strategy of the game is more similar to a game like Battlefield and the constant PvP is like in ARAM. The way to win dominion is not through getting fed, its through pressing for objective advantages, be them mappressure, defensive pressure or seizing on a 5 v 4 situation.   Dominion trained me to look at the minimap more often and opponents items. It also gave me a lot of experience team fighting and duelling an opponent that SR cant (farm farm farm FIGHT farm) in the same period of time, and with a champion i could become familiar with (oh Sion in aram who I bought on a whim... lets see if I can learn anything in case I roll him in aram next month).   Lastly iteration and learning champion power spikes. 1 game = 20 mins. YOu can iterate item sets faster and with stronger feedback in SR. Only play BOT lane in SR but didn't know that Renekton trails off earlier than most conventiaonal toplaners? Well thats because you are fighting him as Varus at lvl 4 and not when you would fight him at lvl 9 for the first time.
1	While this isn't useless information, you've taken zero account of how stats scale, which dramatically affects their gold efficiency. Take Mana Manipulator for example, it might look awesomely gold efficient until you realise that every point of mana regen you buy past the point you don't run out of mana is entirely wasted, and most champions reach that point very easily just by leveling or other standard build paths, so the scaling of the stat falls off a cliff. And there are more complex examples, particularly with AD stats like AS and crit which interact so that their gold efficiency is dependent on how much you have of other stats, leading to a complex series of breakpoints for gold efficiency (relative to effect size) I've yet to see anyone bother to explore.
1	Hello Reddit,   I'm a relatively low-elo player (Silver III), and I started playing lol just a month before s3 ended. I absolutely loved the game and tried to get better doing stuff like watching streamers and learning their build/jungle paths, laning phase and little champ-specific mechanics. I really got better in time doing this and practicing CSing in custom games. And was placed bronze 1 pre-season 4. Now my question is I was able to climb the ladder with my current skills, and I happened to win %70 of my games (even though I never REALLY carried one) and climb relatively faster. But these few weeks has been hell for me. It seems really hard to win games now, I have like a 1/10 losing streak and that one win I ended up with a score like 1/8/2. I don't know what happened and I don't really see a difference in my playstyle, I got demoted yesterday and today i sit at 25lp Silver 4. What should I do differently?
1	So everyone knows what happened.... 5 minutes of Q&A with Morello, what we did we learn from this?     Riot is really happy with how big LoL has gotten in tournaments.   No new maps for awhile.   Balance is very important.   Stealth is till being worked on for balance (see above)   We (Riot) like trolling people
1	I'd rather see my exact rating(ELO: IE:1850)than some divisions and LP which sounds cool but has no relation to your MMR. (IE: Plat 5 with gold mmr)
1	I am extremely sensitive to the other players' comments and I cannot agree more with muting toxic players. Learn to ignore them or just mute them. My boyfriend convinced me to start muting people (I was not because of communication but he pointed out that they can ping commands and such if needed even easier than typing). Muting people has made my league playing so much more enjoyable.
1	probably will be done from time to time and may even permeate into every live tournament at some point or another but it would probably be a bit too draining and lose its edge a bit if it was done ALWAYS.   i think its an interesting phenomenon though on many levels. not only is it a strange practice that you would likely never see in any other competitive scene (or anything even comparable) but it has a history to it. we endured some pretty extreme drama (particularly the live fans) because of that 8 hour match and cheering the ward kills is kind of like a constant affirmation of our passion for this game. it harkens back to a time where we stayed strong and jubilant in the face of problem after problem.   i hope it is something that is here to stay because it is unique and meaningful, and it even adds a bit of interesting information to the teams playing the game because they never know exactly what is being cheered for and it keeps them on their toes.
1	The Issue is that everytime i try to Create a New League of Legends account on the Oceania Server this comes up. The account is for my friend and everytime i try to create one or he tries to create one this just comes up. I've been trying for about a week or 2 but the issue still persists.
1	Honestly I want the ability to see if I was ever considered on the tribunal. I know sometimes I probably get into re-portable territory (while I believe that usually when I do its in response to someone else starting the blame game / talking general shit).   I'd be interested, i've never been banned but I think allowing players to see reports against them that have ever been to the tribunal would be a great way for me to more objectivly see what behavior I can change and what actually sets me off.   I do sometimes rage a bit too hard. I'm a relativly high elo (1700-1800) when I do normals with a friend or two and I get bot AD, usually since the normal elo drops with friends I can win lane pretty hard without much help from the support, so I let my supports know to just play passive and follow my lead. So sometimes if I say that very clearly and kindly and explain that if for some reason I lose because I don't want them being agressive I will take the blame, then sometimes supports go rambo way ahead of me and either they bait me to save them or they just die, either way thats the only time when I will actually be like "Really Soraka? That was just stupid" Which I guess is technically reportable...
0	I guess my point wasn't to make a guide; I was just throwing out some thoughts. But I'll elaborate in a more guide-like manner. I'll continue from here:   >  It's okay to walk up to someone with a smile, hold out your hand and introduce yourself.   Where are you? What do you have in common and what about that do you not have in common? If you are students, you have that in common. But what are you each studying?   If you are at a concert, introduce yourself with a smile. Ask if she's excited for the show. Make conversation about that.   If you're at a bar or a club, introduce yourself with a smile and ask how her night is going so far. If it's bad and she wants to vent, it's off to a weird start for you, but listen sympathetically if you haven't already lost interest. If it's bad and she doesn't want to really talk about it, offer to buy her a drink (in front of her, so that she doesn't think you roofied it). You probably won't approach someone who looks furious or miserable though, so on to if she is having a good night. She'll probably ask how your night is going. Answer and move on to, for example, if she goes there often and/or if she lives around there. Conversation at this point usually just flows.   Another way to make conversation at clubs/lounges/bars (in areas that aren't so loud that nobody can hear each other): You're probably there with your friends. You're having a conversation about something and there's a cute girl in a group next to you, and you've been wise enough to observe for a bit to make sure she doesn't have a 7-foot, 250 lb. boyfriend who could pulverize you with his thumb. A restaurant, a city, a hookah bar is what is being discussed. Whatever. This sounds especially natural if you are emphatic about how great something is and if she can overhear your conversation. You turn to her and ask her if she has been there or done that and what she thinks. Just make her a part of the conversation you're having. In my experience, I have found that groups merge more naturally in lounge type settings than in bars, but YMMV.   If you're approaching someone in a park, just talk about how beautiful of a day it is or a cute animal that you saw. I'm not sure how many redditors approach people in parks, so I'll leave it at that.   While making conversation with her, it might help to talk about places and things to do in the area. That way, you can segue in a least awkward manner into asking if she would like to check it out with you and you won't be in a weird situation where you're talking about fried eggplants one second and then asking her to be your date to your brother's wedding the next.
1	That's how me and my jungle play when we duo, I usually get him to tank once early if the opponent doesn't start ward (way too common :/) and then as I am a fairly passive player I just chill out and zone / get ahead and out scale (I play good scaling laners) and draw pressure top so he can get the other lanes fed. I can also understand the other way however. When I play with my other friend he likes poppy. So I gank top a lot to get him to hypercarry level.
0	Malicious intent is a term used in law and law courts to describe a criminal action done with the clear intent to inflict harm, damage, injury, or death. Malicious is an adjective formed from the noun malice, which refers to the intention or desire to do evil.   [Source](   >They'd leave it where it dropped in a heartbeat if they thought for a split second that they could.   This is called negligence which is not in and of itself a malicious action.   Negligence (Lat. negligentia, from neglegere, to neglect, literally "not to pick up something") is a failure to exercise the care that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in like circumstances.The area of tort law known as negligence involves harm caused by carelessness, not intentional harm.  [Source](
1	She is completely viable.  The only issue is that there are stronger champs to do the same thing.  If you need an assassin to shut someone down: leblanc, Zed.  They can get in and kill and easily get out.  If you need an all in initiator for a fight, normally you would have a tank do that or someone who can instantly do it like annie.
1	I enjoyed the game... ive been a player since beta..... but the game really is kinda dying to my dismay.... The best aspects are AvA and PvP... PVE is imo pretty boring... the defense raids are fairly easy but if anything that was the only PVE i would recommend... overall PVP can give you lots of fun... or frustration... much like LoL.... you can get on a bad team and get steamrolled or you can play with a couple of good guys and roll the other team... there are of course your rare good matches...   Overall ratings:   PvE = 3/10 - fairly boring unless you enjoy that grinding down of mobs continuously and then repeating it again...   PvP = 8/10 I thoroughly enjoy the PvP aspect of the game but i can't give it any higher than an 8 simply for the Queue times and how bad some games can go...   AvA 7/10 another great part of the game, but I can tell you now that it is kinda broken... there are only a couple of big agencies that can steamroll anyone... and then one that just dominates every match because all the good players are in it....   If anyone ever wants to play... ill play with ya and help you get to be at least good... im not the best... but i have played with the best... =)
0	They also run the test the opposite way. Putting good/old & bad/young together first and then switching them. They come to conclusions by looking at the data altogether, removing the muscle memory bias.
0	I think a part of this is the attitude that men are taught to have towards emotions. Someone mentioned in this thread that "women are sometimes afraid to explain why their upset because society tells them that if they act angry, they're just being a hormonal bitch."   The thing is, guys are taught "You should not have emotions, and if you do happen to be cursed with them you should certainly never let them show." Thus emotional displays represent an entirely different tier of "Something is wrong" to a guy that has been raised with that social norm.   The net result is that if a guy is visibly upset, whatever is bothering him is serious, like life altering and unsolvable, and deep down they really just want to vent but don't feel that they have a safe space to do it. Someone with less baggage might be visibly upset because their favorite soda is out, or cry because they liked a song. If a guy like that is crying? It probably means their entire life is about to implode and they can't fix it...   When they're trying to get you to express yourself, they're projecting their own insecurities about emotions onto you. They assume that you too have something serious, but don't feel you can safely express it. They're trying to show you that they  are  that safe place, and that it's okay to unburden yourself. That, and if you're in a serious relationship they might be afraid whatever serious shit you're worried about will affect them; after all, you have a face like you just got cancer or lost your job!   (Note: All of this assumes a decent human being who genuinely wants to help and be supportive.)
0	Agreed. Maybe having this "murica" attitude leads to a high amount of motivation/determination/creativity in finding or inventing employment. "America" has never stood for the premise that no one can fail. Instead, I think this country's culture reinforces the idea that if you work hard and get creative, success is likely, though not guaranteed. Other countries may shift toward more "automatic" wealth at the cost of some individual ingenuity. Our way may be harsher, but it creates one hell of an inventive society, and a pretty successful one.
1	the problem with "being a fan, not a fanboy" is that to the outside this is usually not distinguishable, seeing as the difference between "fan" and "fanboy" is only in how aggressively they defend their own team.   look at it this way:   youre standing in a room, and people are talking. all of a sudden a bunch of machester united (or whatever your football club of choice is) fans come by, they act loud as fuck, are drunk, and try to start a fight with anyone that says they dont think that manchester will lose the next game.   who will you notice more? this obnoxious group of people, or the guy sitting in the corner watching the game, rooting for manchester, even though he thinks theyll lose the game hes watching? can you distinguish the two, if, against all odds, manchester wins, and both the "silent fans" and the "loud fans" celebrate (probably together) that their team won?   this is observational bias at its core, especially, since in votes like those on lolesports.com dont really distinguish between the two groups, and votes are based on "who do you WANT to win?", instead of "who do you think will win?", and fanboys/hardcore fans tend to vote more than the "realistic fans", who probably wouldnt vote against their team, even if they voted to begin with. they probably would not vote before they voted for the other team.
1	MMR is your hidden rating (elo). It's used to provide a basis for matchmaking and LP gains/losses. That's why you can get matched up against for instance Gold II players when you are currently in Silver IV.   Also it sure is worth it. The higher you get now, the higher you'll be once the reset kicks in. Your "Reset-Day-MMR" will be used for the reset.
1	Another thing is , when someone put a ward on dragon, for example, and you have a pink ward there, don't rush it to kill the ward, if the creeps are pushed to your tower, the adc will be probably cs'ing under the tower and won't be able to help you if you get caught.
1	It's depends on if say your vs tank top and jungler who just dive you that with tri or botrk if your good at kitting and it works so well ( the passive  does not work with furor boots thou or Ashe q I believe ) but all depends I feel in gold it works well but I'm shit at this game anyway :))
1	As an east coast American, 200 ping.
0	Sorry i'm late to the game, it is in fact the Cayman Islands. I worked a job one summer when I stayed there where we did took tourists out for a few things, one of them was this. They're actually getting a "stingray massage" You can see the head of the guy who's actually picking up the ray, it actually feels pretty nice, just most people get weirded out at first.
1	So I went into depth on the Perfect Ascension icon a little bit here if you're interested.
1	Sigh. Firstly, I've been climbing steadily since I placed, I'm not complaining about anything. Secondly, different people find enjoyment in this game in different ways. I've been climbing steadily since I placed, which is great because I enjoy the game more when I know I'm decent at it, but I'd rather be in a league where I spend so long trying to improve that I end up with a veteran badge, you know? Because then I'll know for sure where my skill level is at and I'll learn more from my opponents. I play for fun, I always do. I wouldn't play if it wasn't fun.   Edit: I always end up talking too much.
0	Somewhere in between. Funk has the accent on the 'one' (so if you count with the beat you get 1!-2-3-4 1!-2-3-4) whereas disco uses a "four to the floor" beat with the emphasis on the 2 and 4. Uptown Funk does both. Disco beat with the emphisis on the 'one', which still makes it funk.
1	how i am motivate to play rank is duo q with someone or a friend. i usually duo q with my friends. how i get motivated is that i set goals for me self. the goals i set was be better then my friend in the game. if he's doing well i should be doing better. if your lane is doing do, help out other lanes. #tip ( if you know you can win lane, instead taking Flash Ignite take teleport as a summoner spell to help out each lane.
1	Easy. Carrying from support isn't hard, it just takes a different skillset. First and most important. You can't just be another body/walking ward. You have to get out there and make good decisions and follow those up with bigs plays. Don't be scared to try for the flash ult. Sometimes they won't work (they should most of the time or you need to re-evaluate when you do them), but that's okay. You tried to make a big play and it didnt work. Failed big plays as support usually just means the fight doesn't happen, it doesn't lead to lost teamfights too often. Last thing, you MUST keep your team mates objective focused.  If I had to guess the number1 cause of throws, it would be getting bloodthirsty I stead of getting objectives.
1	The other day I finally got fed up with trolls/feeders/leavers after losing about 100 ELO in one day and thought "I should make a program that grabs their champ stats and wins/losses so I can see ahead of time if they're terrible people or not." (yes, you can do it on lolking, but it's slow and not all together)   I happened to stumble across  in my travels and it's quite amazing the difference it's made.   That guy that autolocks Cait and insists he's really good? Oh look....he's 2/20 with Cait with terrible CS.   The person who humbly offers support? They're 9/40 overall. Likely not the best "support" so to speak.   Now do these stats mean that you're 100% going to lose the game if you play with them? No. But it gives you information so you can make a decision if you really want to play with these people.
0	I never got into the habit of using the snooze alarm.  My partner uses it 3 times EVERY morning and gets up earlier than me EVERY morning.
1	Merely having Akali on your team intimidates the enemy into dying.
1	Replay system should be in release, 4 years after it's still being done by a third-party, FOUR years and you still believe they are "working on it"?   The maps are unbalanced because Riot has said in the past that it is hard to balance champs for all maps, so they just don't..   You say it's a free game, but if I enter LoL right now, can I pick any champion I want to counter-pick the enemy? No.   In Dota2, can I pick any hero I want out of the pool? Yes.   Do I need to farm 150+ games to be able to play matchmaking? No.   PS: Riot has more employees than Valve, and not everyone at Valve works on one game, meaning less people are involved in Dota2 than there are people involved in LoL, so how come it takes 4 years for something as crucial to the competitive scene as replays, save feature and a working spectator system?   It should be the first thing on their list.   PS2: Riot is owned by Tencent, don't tell me they would go under if they were 100% free, Valve is making money as fuck on a 100% free game so why can't Riot?
0	Bullshit, I'm a woman and I imagine the banter went as follows - guy "I'm fat no one fancies me, I need to lose weight but I cant stick to it" girls reply "I tell you what lose a few pound and we will all bang you" boom welcome to incentive town. Its win win for the guy and the girls get to fulfil a fantasy with a guy the currently find cute and trust.
1	Ryze has a super short casting range as you probably know. Two things you have to know which I'm sure you do know you just choose not to acknowledge because apparently you play a much better Ryze than a professional gamer. :) :) <3     In laning phase, you wanna obviously snare them first if you're setting up for a gank for your jungler (flash --> w) and then you don't really worry about the rest of your spells as when the jungle comes its 2v1, worst case you make them waste a flash or best case you get a kill.     In team fights, and at late levels, your CDR is going to be massive and already capped at 40%, you want the snare utility which makes Ryze such a monster (Rune Prison has a 14 second cooldown, with 40% CDR it is reduced to approx. 8 second cooldown, which means you can spam away as your Q and your E and your R will also get the 40% CDR). If you spot an enemy AD or anyone out of position, why would you lead with Q? You'll get the hit sure but they'll just run away...Instead of getting more damage off you only get your Q damage off rather than your WQREQ Or whatever combo it is you pick to do after you land your W first.     You can initiate with Q first and that's fine, but the whole point is to snare a champ in place as Ryze has an okay initiate and he can use his Flash+W since he's built like a rock~!       Hope this clarifies things for you!
0	I have a scar from a blowjob gone wrong.   The
1	Am I alone in thinking that the IoW/Field of Justice/Summoners idea is actually MORE important than the backstory of the characters? Otherwise it's a game without drive; the characters themselves are just tools for the game's justification -- not the other way around.   I think the biggest issue is this coupling of the IoW and Valoran itself. Like hey we have this people that co-exist with the champions but they have the ability to control you but somehow you're totally cool with that and they play chess with your lives to decide how things in your world go.   Hear me out: what if the IoW/Fields of Justice/Summoners were on an entirely different ethereal platform. The people of Valoran go about their business as usual, with this conflicts or whatever. Summoners are essentially ethereal god-like entities who summon the famous heroes in their world. When they're summoned, they are now puppets and summoners can unleash their "true potential" with the skills of the summoner (which includes masteries and runes and summoner skills). Valoran is aware of the summoner's existence and retain memories of the battles, but they are powerless in stopping the summoners from doing their bidding. Some champions thrive on the limelight and wear it as a badge of honor (draaven!!!) while others detest it (think like a janna, who isn't kill thirsty). They still have to deal with their day-to-day conflicts (iona vs noxious), but at any time they can be summoned by some summoners who find them to be the preferential pick (draft mode??) to settle their disputes. It seems to me this decouples the two nicely while still making things work how they are now.
1	The thing that pisses me off the most is how that could get removed for not being directly related to league of legends, yet this subreddit is consistently filled with shit i dont want to look at like the new fkn teemo or annie skin that will make me some 1337 pl4y3r if i buy it.
0	Advice to all the men: If you want a girl, stop making the ignorant assumption that all women are exactly the same. Seriously. If a woman doesn't like you, that's up to her. Maybe you should stop blaming her and look at what you're doing wrong. If you're genuinely nice, you will understand that no woman is obliged to sleep with you just because you act like a gentleman.
0	Isn't every form of communication "getting to know somebody"? There is a basis for their compliments, just not a particularly in-depth one. Then again, a compliment isn't a very deep and meaningful revelation, and your original comment wasn't a dissertation, either - people just liked your sense of humor and attitude, and responded in kind!
0	OK. I'll tell my story.   A few years back I grew out my beard and had hair past my shoulders. I also wore a plain gray (but really warm) hoodie. I went out one day not looking my best but not horrible either.  As I'm walking I come up on a homeless Guy facing the opposite direction. As he turns around he begins to ask me "can you spare some change. "  in mid sentence he stops and says quote "my bad brotha, you know how it is." Needless to say I got a shave and a haircut the next day.
0	For those oblivious to why guys don't react appropriately to 'friendzoning' here goes an analogy...   Imagine you had the impression your boss might promote you to a management position if you worked really hard. He never gave you any indication that he would promote you, nor that he wouldn't, but since you've seen a number of colleagues get promoted after making enough effort on their jobs you understandably assume you have a chance.   So you bust your ass off for some time but the promotion never comes. You know your boss noticed you have been working harder than others but you find it strange he hasn't approached you yet. So you build some courage and ask him if he thinks you're worthy of being promoted to management. Instead of telling you that he thinks you're not cut for the job, because you might hold a grudge against him or otherwise, he tells you that for now he needs you to continue doing your current job.   How would you feel if that happened to you? I know for sure I would't be feeling happy about it.   At that point you'd have many options. You could continue busting your ass off trying to impress your boss, so that when a management position becomes available you'd be the first he would turn to. You also sense that the boss might not be sure you're the right guy for management - surely putting more effort on the job will show him otherwise.   On the other hand, if you're fed up with the situation, you get angry and tell your boss to go fuck himself. You point out that you've worked much more than John and Bill but they got promoted and you didn't. John and Bill don't work here anymore though, so you ask your boss with angry tears in your eyes, "Why did you have to recruit an unemployed guy with no experience to replace them rather than me?!" Your boss comes up with some politically correct but unsatisfactory answer. You storm out of his office never to return again. As you exit the building you slash your boss' car tires.   Alternatively, if you're level minded, you could simply leave the job and find another one where you might fare better. But that's tough to swallow. You've spent so much time on this job that the thought of getting through all that ass busting on another one in hopes of getting a promotion is already putting you off. You run the risk of deciding to stay on your current job because even if you're unhappy with it you still have an irrational hope that some unexpected event will happen and all the time and effort invested will finally pay off.
0	Story time.  When I was 17, a couple of friends, my brother, and I were skating around the town around 10 PM. I knew a friend that lived up the street that had a neighborhood that backed up to a road. (Keep in mind I didn't know this friend too well, he was more of just a friend I saw a couple of times at school and would say "hi")  I told my friend to drive up there and lets check it out. As we entered his neighborhood, we flashed the car brights on the gate that led to the road which had a sign on it that said "NO TRESPASSING. VIOLATORS WILL BE PROSECUTED". We decided to just drive by and leave. (We never turned off the car or even got out of the car) We saw my friends house with his garage open and the light on. I told me friend to stop and lets say hello. As we pull up to the house I notice a guy standing by the side gate staring at us. I say my friends name "Anon? Anon?" After several attempts the guy just stares and I tell my friend to continue driving. About 5 minutes later we see a white Honda Civic speeding down the street. We didn't think to much of it as it might have been a neighbor leaving. As we continued driving this guy starts speeding 20 mph over the speed limit to try and cut us off. We reached about 60-70 mph on a 45mph road. We had no clue what was going on or why this guy was chasing us. We ended up pulling up to a street light, then and there the guy floors it and cuts us off almost hitting our car. He jumps out and this guys is around 45 years old, taunting us by pounding his chest and putting up his fists to fight. He is walking  towards the car as we yell to my friend driving "put it in reverse!" We end up getting away and make a light that just turned yellow. The man got in his car and ran the red light in order to catch up to us. We lost him and after that went into our neighborhood where we hung out for a little talking about the crazy incident that just happened. As we were all about to go home and call it a night, I said "what if he took your license plate for some reason". After that a cop car turns in our culdesac and tells us to sit on the curb. After talking to the officer about what had just happened, he told us we were suspects of vehicle robbery and that the man who was chasing us was an ex LAPD officer that thought we were trying to break into his jeep. We ended up finding out that "guy" was my friends dad. We all ended up getting a "portrait file card"  which is in the city's database. Basically if I get pulled over and the officer decides to look up my record, it will show I have a portrait file card for suspect of vehicle robbery. The guy ended up getting escorted down to talk to us in my neighborhood where he said "if these cops weren't here, I would fuck you all up" and other statements like that. This whole incident ended up ruining my friendship with the friend as he believed his dad over me.
1	Each point of Armour reduces incoming damage by the same amount.....   He is still wrong, and the confusion is because Even though the damage reduction % is decreasing, each additional % reduction is worth more.   So in your example the first 50% damage reduction is exactly the same value as the next 25% damage reduction. They both increase Survivability by the same amount of time.
1	I find the design to be fairly enjoyable compared to others. I find it quite amusing to see players here picking on fizz and saying he's OP, rather than Syndra, malzahar, or veigar. The amount of burst they have is far higher than fizz, and can 100 to 0 people even harder than fizz. Everytime that syndra lands that stun with insanely huge width and range, then lands a second Q and ult, makes me want to cry. Not to mention the insanely low cooldown on her Q and E makes it practically impossible to avoid getting hit. I always ban syndra. I never ban fizz. The margin of safetydistance you need against a syndra is far higher than a fizz. Sure they may not have an 'escape' against junglers like fizz. but for fizz to actually be useful, he has to all in. And that frame of all-in can be abused extremely hard by junglers.
1	Riot, there's recently been a lot of people requestion RP for a drawing of something League related. I tried this, but it didn't work. Someone suggested UNINSTALLING THE FUCKING GAME THEN GOING OUT TO RAPE A HEDGEHOG, which I attempted. Thing is, the instructions weren't 100% clear, and it turns out that I now have a Hedgehog's penis attatched to my hard drive.
0	the problem here is, that Pluto was already considered a planet, under the old definition. The Astronomers felt embarrassed by the fact that there are so many other planets. fine. that doesn't mean that Pluto isn't a planet;  they never discovered anything new about Pluto to change its status,  they simply redefined the word. they discovered nothing new. Pluto is still the same as before. AFAIC, it's still a planet, and they're just butthurt about embarrassing themselves. they moved the goalposts after Pluto already won the game. that's their problem. science is only supposed to change its conclusions based on newly discovered information. that did not happen. nothign new was discovered about Pluto. they just changed their minds about the definition of a word, which really isn't as simple as voting.
0	I have never met my wife's birth mother or sister.  She cut them off entirely several years before we met, and based on the stories I hear, it was a good move.   The good news is, she has a great relationship with her  real  mom, her dad, and her siblings.   Occasionally my wife feels guilty for cutting her birth mom off... but she feels worse that her mom isn't "really" her mom.  I just hug her and tell her that's bullshit, because her "real" mom helped her see her wedding dress.   The
1	Yes, I thought that was obvious... "I see what you did there" refers to something that is hidden and hard to realize. These kinds of messages can be found in nearly every thread here in r/lol. Wheres the hidden thing? It's like someone spoke in L33tspeak and the next one goes "I see what you did there (used numbers as letters)"
0	I wish I could upvote this a million times. I'm 20 and I still have a "friend" who does this. He asks to come over to my apartment under the pretense of "hanging out." More often than not I'm in the middle of a game already when he shows up, and since I have to get up to open the door for him, I figure, "hey since I'm already up, might as well get a drink/take a piss/whatever." Big mistake. As soon as my back's turned he's already switched games and taken possession of my controller (I've lost saves from this happening, he gives no fucks about it).   He never wants to play anything other than Red Dead Redemption or Assassin's Creed, so I imposed the die/switch rule. His reaction? Aimlessly wander around and occasionally kill someone when there's no chance he'll get swamped by guards, so he almost never dies. I tried using this tactic on him so he'd know what it feels like for me, but all he does is bitch about it. More recently I've taken to browsing Reddit whenever he comes over, ignoring him and the PS3 entirely.   Additionally, one time I fell asleep when he was over. When I woke up he was gone and my fridge had been raided. Bastard. Needless to say I don't answer his calls much these days.
1	I used to support all the time. It was fun, exciting, and you could really fudge up with enemy's minds by warding everything. Now, on the other hand, I wand to try out other champions... I slowly started playing Nidalee as AP. Then learned to mid with Annie, and then Veigar. After that, pretty much any champ that comes to my hands can be.. well.. I'm decent in any champ, even if it's my first time playing with him. Same goes for AD, and for Top.
1	Even if your decision making is top notch, you're not going to do well if your cs is crap, or if you can't push your buttons properly. It's definitely a mix of both knowledge and skill. What I find even more interesting is the discrepancy between junglers and other laners. If you look at someone like saint, who may not have the same level of mechanics as some of the 17 year olds, he more than compensates with his decision making and knowledge of the game.
0	Here's a twist:   My father was a overweight man for most of my life. Six years ago he was diagnosed with ALS. In the early stages he was able to get around without a cane, but obviously couldn't make it very far without becoming exhausted. On a visit to New York for a experimental drug trial, he and his friend stopped at a Walmart in Pennsylvania. He didn't want to wait in the car so he went inside and grabbed a scooter so he could keep up with his friend.   Then here comes a Walmart employee who proceeded to berate him for taking a scooter, even going as far as cursing at him, calling him fat, lazy and other horrible names.   When he returned home he was clearly shaken up by it. I was so enraged I wanted to get in my car and drive to Pennsylvania to kick that guy's ass.   R.I.P. Dad. It's been two weeks as of yesterday and I miss you more and more each passing day.
1	wtf are you idiots trashtalking a nice person who tries to help some people that maybe actually want his help and even if theyre on the same level like u suggested they can still learn from each other so stop trashtalking nice   guys in the league of legends community
1	Everyone has their own personal elo hell.  Lesson learned from that dip. -You will get afk, feeders, etc, don't let that get to you, you'll get angry, pissed off, re-que, same thing will happen again, and then it spirals out of control, before you know it you've reached a new level of hell.  Fortunately you can only go down so far, and you can get out easy enough if you're indeed better than where you're suppose to be at, hence the win streak after that.   So now, if I get 3 losses in a row, I call it for the night (in ranked that is) and take a break from it.  There are just some days where I'd suck pretty bad and playing anymore would be worse or there was a flood of trolls out that night, best stay away! :)  Atleast that's what I reasoned from it.
0	Ok, so interesting story.  I've had a bottle sitting in my fridge for about a year or maybe a bit more.   I'm in college now and every morning, since I don't really like the breakfast food, I cover my eggs and potatoes in sriracha. I usually use why I would estimate to be 6 tablespoons or so, in order that there is no space larger than a square inch uncovered in sauce. On a dare I ate a spoonful by itself. Not too bad.   I come home and get some sriracha from my fridge to add to eggs.  I spray a decent amount over my eggs, and notice its a bit darker than usual, but the same consistency.  I take a bite of  my eggs, and its like a firey death explosion in my mouth (ok its not that bad) but somehow it has fermented into a much much hotter sauce.
1	I'd say he knows very well he fucked up, and the totally blaming yourself is definitely the way to get better, but sometimes it legitimately is mostly someone else's fault. You made a mistake by assuming they would respond appropriately, but they made a bigger mistake by reacting like they did.   Don't know where I'm going with this, kind of defending him to an extent and agreeing with you at the same time I guess.   Even an absolutely perfect player cannot carry 4 people who absolutely suck and feed 20 kills in 5 minutes.
1	As as an avid thresh player I approve this idea.
1	At least he gets viewers, I bet you can't even imagine how many people actually stream, or try to stream, but get 0 viewers, and how much they may try, they may NEVER get viewers at all, simply because it is VERY HARD to get popular, no matter be they good or bad, or even potentially one of the top 5 people everyone would LOVE to watch, if he doesn't get noticed because NOBODY ever game him a chance, it will never happen, and he will be sad.   Imagine Saint as Justin Bieber for a minute.. Bieber gets all this attention, and almost all of it is hate, but there are some that like him ( little girls ). Then imagine how many views on youtube Bieber gets, and then imagine how much he makes, not only off of youtube, but any time someone says his name someone who didn't know of him might learn of him and he makes even more because of it.
0	Calling OP's statement 'not funny' isn't a fact, it's opinion.   And as a white, heterosexual English-speaking male (the people feminists are trying to gain equal treatment from) - the angrier you get, the less we're inclined to give you what you want.   Because we're the ones with the power, the higher wages, and we're the ones that do the oppressing. To get rid of that oppressing you have to make a reasonable case and appeal to our sense of fairness. Getting angry just makes you easier to write off as a lesbian, a feminazi, a misandrist, a bra-burner, all that radical flung-out scary stuff. As soon as that happens - BAM - ignored.   If you sat down, talked calmly, discussed options and made reasonable arguments, you would get results quicker.   And don't say 'how dare you deign to tell us that the power is YOURS to give, it should belong to everyone' - because there's no such thing as 'should' in a matter like this. There's no higher authority to appeal to, there's just the most powerful group. And that's my demographic.
0	Its really easy, vote for the person not the party.  Even if you are 100% convinced beyond all reason that the Republican party is shitting liquid  malevolence all over the  face of society and the Democratic party is literally led by saints and super humans who are beyond benevolent...   At the end of the day the Democratic candidate can be a major fuck up, and the Republican candidate can be a good person even if party wise you disagree with them.   Now if you are a single issue voter and all you care about is marijuana legalization, gay rights, tax code changes, nature conservation, gun laws, or whatever else then you have a pretty clear cut politician to support.  Which in smaller politics (aka state level and lower) often times you will find Democrats fronting conservation efforts (traditionally a rep thing) and you will find Republicans pushing for gun laws (traditionally a dem thing).   My governor (and his competing candidates) don't really have a damn thing to do with with most of the DC bullshit big name people.  Maybe they have future dreams of going national and maybe they don't, but at the core level the policy of Bush or Obama reps or dems is not 100% mirrored within state level politics/branch parties.
1	The issue here lies with you. You've admitted to having only spent 2 matches in that game (you might even be lying for all I know) and yet speak with such authority as if you know everything about it. Spell effects in Dota 2 are vastly more distinctive and detailed alongside heroes' animations (they go out of their way to rework spell effects and animations from time to time). A Tidehunter lets loose his ultimate and giant tentacles emerge from the ground while everyone gets knocked up. Windranger fires a magical arrow that flies brightly across the screen (you hear a charge up and release sound). Bloodseeker ruptures a poor soul rending them with blood squirting all over (you can even hear dripping). Sven unleashes a powerful cry and turns red with rage. He throws out his magical gauntlet that when landed makes a powerful crackling noise. How is any of that not clear to see (or hear)?
0	See thing is women and men view this type of betrayal differently on an evolutionary level. Because a women can only become impregnated by the genetics of one mate, physical betrayal is more serious to most men. If the woman has sex with someone else and becomes pregnant, the mans genetics don't get passed on.   If a man has sex with someone else he can throw his DNA around like there's no tomorrow. Historically men have provided recourses to women, with things such as hunting, shelter, all that cave man jazz. That's why women see emotional betrayal as more serious. If the man is emotionally attached to another woman, he is likely to provide her resources instead of his mate.
1	The reason you "will probably never git out of Silver IV" has nothing to do with trolls in Champion Select. Everybody who has gone through silver has played through that player base, and a whole lot of us have gone through it just fine (yes some who main support as well).   Judging by your attitude in this post you likely respond negatively to a pick that looks outside the meta. In my experience, playing outside the meta does not dramatically decrease your odds of winning at lower MMR; what does, however, is players becoming toxic.   Try toning down your negative responses to picks you don't like. You will probably see an increase in your win rate. Winning in solo queue is far more about learning how to work amicably with random teammates and avoiding negativity game after game than about building the perfect comp in champ select.
0	I'm English and know very little about US politics, is there anyone who could do a little
1	Jarvan --- pros: mobile, very tanky, does decent damage without ANY damage items, focuses enemy carry extremely well and makes enemies waste flash cons: can't really solo except for early game, extremely team dependent mid-late game   Irelia --- pros: carrys much harder than jarvan, has cc reduction, higher burst damage, 75 true damage per auto attack!!! cons: less mobile, more dependent on items   In solo que, I would say irelia is more viable ONLY if you can secure a solo lane and you are confident that you can do well against annoying lane opponents such as vlad. Irelia can carry a team harder than jarvan.  Jarvan does pretty well in duo lane and does very good early-mid game damage but is very team dependent.
1	I don't generally get involved in these sort of discussions, but just glancing through the comments I think it's worth noting that the vast response of 'ignore it' or 'get over it' is not the ideal way to fix this. That's essentially giving people a free pass and opening up a way to victim blame.   I understand that people get angry and say things they regret, but some of it is straight up uncalled for and disgusting. Sure, people probably won't ever change, but it would sure be nice if people would just  control themselves , yknow, like we do in person. It's even easier behind a monitor - scream at your empty room if you have to, bang the desk; just don't make it personal.
1	Well, I think you're a little confused there. It is intentional feeding. I actually just reported a guy for this. See, these players are feeding, right? You'll agree with me that 0/8/0 is feeding, I'm sure, especially in a 20 minute surrender. (S)he was a really really bad player. But that's only half the story. This person was playing the game. They were clearly moving around and everything. They were  intentionally  playing the game. There's the intent.   Thus, I reported for intentional feeding. Serves them right for sucking so much at the game.
0	As someone with a DUI on his record, I wish to say, "FUCK YOU!!"...   But you don't really deserve that. There's no telling if you did the right thing or not, but in my opinion, you did the right thing. Sometimes people only learn by going through an ordeal, as opposed to being told about it. I got my DUI when I was essentially sober (0.021 BAC but I was underage and the limit is 0.020). Had I not gotten a DUI and had it not hurt me so much financially, I probably would have continued drinking and driving until I got caught or hurt someone. Thankfully that never happened. Now three years later, I really put thought into my nights  out. Many people fail to realize that a $20 or even $50 cab ride is infinitely cheaper than getting a DUI.
1	big difference though. Riot the company has only ONE game. this single game is FREE TO PLAY. that means HUGE server load with profit only coming from a select few players   I've read on some blog before that considering how they keep re-releasing limited skins that they said they would never do before indicates that, they are really worried about their business model. and this was BEFORE the snowdown event, the biggest limited skin re-release ever
1	There was a feature I quite liked about a game which is dead now (so it obviously made mistakes) to help deal with some of these problems. They still had high IP costs and low gains, BUT after completing the tutorial they gave you two "free champion" passes. And the pool was quite small, so in LoL this would be closer to 10 passes. This game also lets you play ANY champion in bot games, so you can try out their kit, and get the ones you like for free.
1	Because, and option like this would probably lead to more abuse and a higher number of toxic players. if you think the trolls/toxic players are bad now, think how horrible they would be if they could avoid loss by forcing someone to leave.   This is likely the number one reason that something like this is not in the game already. Besides, if you don't leave or afk, they have a higher chance (5/5) to have a afk on their team then your team have (4/5). This is if your not afking yourself.
0	This isn't exactly about buying anything embarrassing. Anyway though, a while back when I had just received my license I would stop at a gas station every morning before school to get coffee. I never really talked to the cashiers or any of the employees but they were used to me and knew my face and all. Well, one morning I was running behind and I was still very tired. Instead of just going on to school and skipping the coffee like I should have I rushed to get the coffee. I arrived at the gas station and quickly pulled into parking spot next to a car. When I did though I scraped the side of the car on my right. Well, here's mistake number 2. I fucking panicked and ran inside and got my coffee and then went to school. I didn't say anything to anyone about it and didn't ask anyone who owned the car; I just left. It didn't do much damage to my car so it wasn't that noticeable to anyone. I live in a small town and most everyone knows me and knows my car due to it being such a unique color (grabber blue). So when the owner of the car saw the blue streak I left down the side of her car she called the police and reported a hit and run. She didn't know my car though, but the police did because I was dating a girl whose mother worked at the police station at the time and I frequented the police station due to that. Well, that day at school they were supposed to be calling guys to the office to check people's cell phones because there was some vulgar picture of an underaged girl going around at the time (I had never seen it but I was expecting to be called anyway). Well they call me to the office and there's a police officer waiting on me. I go in and sit down and he asked me if we could go take a look at my car. At that moment I shit myself. I knew he knew. I went out to my car and I admitted what I had done. He arrested me even though he didn't want to and took me to that gas station. Turns out the woman who owned the car was the district manager for the gas station. I had to talk to the woman and every employee in there was looking at me. I apologized and explained everything to her. She was pretty mad but agreed not to press charges if I paid for the damages. I arrived back at school and everyone already knew I had been arrested because some girl who's dad is a cop got to school late and told everyone she heard my name over the scanner. People were astonished because I had never even come close to breaking the law before. It was the most embarrassing day of my life and I am still too embarrassed to go that gas station and buy anything again. Because, yes, they do remember and care.
1	I was baiting. I could have easily flashed over to Baron pit. I didn't notice my team was waiting there when I flashed over to red. It happened so quickly. I doubt I could beat a Teemo 1v1. I main Soraka support (used to?) and the best I did was 1v1 fed Jayce 12-4-XX (when he was OP near release) I won. It should be somewhere in my replays. I've also went up against 1v1 ADCarries and won several times.
0	Totally unrelated. My samsung 65 inch DLP TV just had the light tunnel collapse so there is a giant vertical shadow on the left side of the screen.
1	On a lower tier of play yes they are the same but when you get into the nitty gritty of mechanics they are very very different.   Graves is tanky with his passive and has a better time in the fray, denies you vision with his utility.  Lucian is mean to go in, then out, then back in again, then to the side, then back out and ult you to death utilizing the movement speed from his utility to keep him safe rather than straight up mitigating damage
1	BT and IE are 3500 and 3800 respectively.   Atma's was only 2300. Even removing the Avarice Blade, throwing in a Giant's Belt, increasing the overall price to match, you have an item that gives:     400-500 health   40-50 armour   1.5% of max health as AD) (assuming 5-5.5k health, that's 75-82 AD -  essentially on par with the aforementioned luxury AD items )      ... for less than a Sunfire Cape.   To make it balanced at the target demographic (champions that build full tank and want to blow things up harder), the item would have to cost at least 3k in my eye, putting it well beyond budget range.   The item would be far and away game breaking if it cost what it used to, and that's not a good thing. Think Vi, Sion, and other AD tanks are already obnoxious? Give them a free IE's worth of AD on top of a decent defensive item. There's no sacrifice. Cinderhulk and Atma's, in combination with any single one of Banshee's, Warmog's, or Randuin's would allow a midgame bruiser, on top of their 3000+ health and Cinderhulk passive and good defences, almost a free BF Sword.
1	Well like some Riot dude said, China rapes with Ezreal so I'm pretty sure that it is due to a variance of play styles that NA doesn't prefer Ezreal over Vayne or Graves.   Ezreal is more of a kiting champ, and when 1 v 1 with another AD carry [for example, Vayne], I think if played well, you can win. You can use the E offensively and defensively at the same time, so while Vayne has faster movement speed, your E can allow you to gain more distance while doing damage, and then firing back a Q, thus doing more damage, and then a W and be ready to fight her as you've poked her down, all with auto attacks in between of course [never done it, just a theory]. In addition, Vayne needs Ezreal to be near a wall to stun him so by using E, you can re-position yourself, forcing her to use her E to push you back while you again use your Q, W, and auto attacks to kite her.   Unlike the current FOTM champs, Ezreal is not a straight up kill champ like Vayne, or someone who pretty much right clicks next to a tank like Graves. If anything, I wish Ezreal's E had some sort of cooldown reset like how Graves can auto attack to lower his escape/gap closer's cooldown and Tristana's rocket jump resets when she gets a kill or an assist. However, Ezreal Q DOES lower the cooldown of all his skills so perhaps it is fair.
1	I can't play support that good.   Support is basically the only role you need to know how to play, to play ranked, as it's a basic backup role if you're in the lower pick part. Most of the time you can fall back on playing support if you didn't get your main role, but you can't fall back on mid because most of the time it's already taken.   Also the worst player gets forced to play support, so if you're a medicore support you can be sure that your enemy support will be bad...   You don't even need to know many champs, as many supports can be basically picked into every comp...
1	I feel you will get more from taking Thresh, He can be played in more than just support while still being viable in the different positions. He might not have more stuns but with good game play will win lane and hurt the opponents ad carry much more. For support I use him a lot and his Q mixed with his E can set up easy pick off kills on someone then allowing you to bully the other player out of the lane as well as being very strong late game as a tank, who naturally has damage and armour built in with his souls. Also using his W you can help the jungler gank without any trouble from behind the lane or come faster from the river, aswell as the getaway factor of his W in saving the ad c and whoever gets caught out. Also to help bully lane add a lot of presence with thresh and when he builds up his Q passive hit the enemy AD Carry, it will really hurt early. Max his Q first, then mix in E and W depending on if you want more damage or more of a shield. With his build, I tend to use the recommeded set-up at the start trying to build a quick bulwark, following by more tankier items, but the biggest tip for help with support..... WARDS, wards everywhere, build tankier as supports wont scale in lategame for damage as the lack of creeps and gold will hurt them much more than if they just build a bit tanky and make sure to save their ad carry's ass. This is already way too long of a reply so I'll just stop here and link XSpecial's build, rune and mastery's set up for you, this should help you with him aswell :) If you want more help just message me and I'll try and help with more information on how to support with more champs and what to do in that role.   His top lane play is also very good being able to set-up being tank and helping the team mid and late game. His jungling is great with his Q's ability to jump in. He can also be played as an Ad Carry which I have done multiple times (Will post the games on youtube or atleast clips and final outcomes of the games) 100% win rate as ad c with him as well the natural damage and armour boost from souls help him a lot, proper farming mixed with his passive will produce a load of damage all the time. Aswell as the ulti to getaway from melee gankers.
1	This is also true when picking your role. Me myself as a jungler tend to hear quite often that I should let someone else jungle (read: "Please let me jungle Lundarien, I have a 6 win streak" I've learned through experience that giving someone else my main role mostly (not always!) ends in disaster. Why? Because I am not nearly as good in other lanes as I am compared to jungle, only recently I've begin to improve as an adc but still not good enough for the rating I'm at (plat 1). If the person I gave jungle to performs badly, I get the blame because I let him do so while I'm not performing that well either because I belong in the jungle. More often then not I am the lower pick and experience the same scenario from the other side so it's fair and square:)
1	They buffed his E by bug-fixing it. He'll still be really strong and do giant burst.   All the champions they nerfed will still be fine. They just wont be OP.   I play Evelynn a lot and I'm not crying about her Ultimate being nerfed so hard.   I mean, sure Talon's Q and R has lower base damage. But the bug-fix on his E means that all his attacks will now do 15% more damage, like they're supposed to, so it balances out reasonably well.   If you're literally in-capable of winning after the nerfs then that's more of an indicator of your skill level than Talon's viability.
0	I actually used to work on one of those suicide hotlines.  I was the only male on a team of about a dozen operators.  I have a very obviously masculine voice (people used to say I should do radio), and as a result I had more immediate hang-up callers than the rest of the team combined.   Often this was due to guys calling in just to hear a female voice to whack it to.  You would know this when 5 minutes later another call comes in, gets a female operator, and her face sours quickly.   The thing is that a lot of lonely men call these suicide hotlines just looking for a sympathetic voice.  The vast majority of callers are not suicidal.  Hell, we even had regular callers we knew by name who just wanted to talk about their day.  A couple of the girls used to work on sex hotlines, and they said it was exactly the same on the hotlines - the majority of their time was spent with regular callers who weren't even looking for "sexy talk", but just a sympathetic ear.   I was there part-time for a year, and we NEVER had a legitimately suicidal person call in crisis.
0	Stands behind the squat rack saying "Yeah that's nice... You're killing it! Push it! WOW!"
0	Right, stories are for paragraphs and
0	I used to work in the back shop at a 36 hole golf course when I was younger and tried this. Worked what was called the ironman, 5am-10pm by myself running carts, cleaning clubs and refilling the driving range for both courses on one of the busiest non-tournament days of the year. They were so relieved because usually during the holidays it is hard to find anyone who is willing to work, even for time and a half. However, they told me a week after I was not eligible for time and a half because I volunteered to work. Tried to fight it, became too big of a hassle as they were cutting down my shifts and giving me less golf privileges.
1	I don't think streams alone should be allowed; however - if someone is doing a charity stream event or maybe a class stream then that should be allowed.   I think there is an over saturation of people streaming League of Legends and most of them are to put it bluntly - pointless to watch. And I don't think you should be allowed to post if you're just going to say "I stream and give away RP." To me I read the League of Legends subreddit to get updates on the game and find out about events; not to find streamers. There is already /r/lolstreams for that.
1	That is a very very difficult attitude to maintain imo. I've played video games for 15 hours a week minimum and I find that sometimes playing to improve isn't enough to get me to play a game at all. Sometimes the only motivation i have to play league is to get ip or lp in order to rank up. Or if a new champion comes out. But for players that can't play at all and specifically take time out of their day to play only 1 game it's very frustrating. You can hardly improve at all with 1 game a day, and if you do improve you would have to be playing the same champion every day for it to even be effective. We humans love feeling that our time was well spent, and that is very hard when you are pressed for time and things go sour. If his goal IS to climb the ladder then he has to realize his intentions are misplaced. Goals you place in a video game are your own, not the communities. Maybe he's diamond 5 and very skillful? Gaining lp is one of the few reasons he plays?
1	It's pretty difficult to discern the win rate for supports. It's true you're not supposed to have much gold, and that your life is probably the least valuable. But you have a significant impact during laning. If you can get your adc as many kills with minimal deaths you overall succeeded in your lane. You lost turret, but your adc is 11-2? With 170 cs? That's pretty good, pat yourself on the back. Now do everything you can to keep he/she alive. 9/10 keeping your adc alive will save the game. If they build thornmail, advise them that they have thornmail and suggest builds to get around thornmail (BORK, Youmoo's, Shiv). Poke supports like Sona might not be as effective later in the game (not saying 4 man ults are devastating) as early in the game but it all comes down to how the 5 individuals play. Try to get as many wards as you can. Remember maximizing win rate doesn't mean 100%. It means giving the chance of winning a higher chance of success rather than failure. I assure you, no one with 1000+ games has a 100% win ratio in ranked. If you did your best, then you gained experience and knowledge on how to prevent said situations. There are some things in the game in which you can't control.
0	Most awkward thing that has ever happen to me involving a girl who just got an abortion was a couple of years ago. I was going on this blind date set up by my friend and we were hitting it off pretty well. I had set my iPhone on the table and I got a message from my ex that read "I got an abortion thanks for giving me the money". I had no idea that she was pregnant my ex asked me for her part of the security deposit from the apartment we were sharing. The girl I was on a date saw it and that's when it all went downhill. I could tell this girl was pissed and I had no idea about any of the pregnancy because she, my ex, had moved from Honolulu to Baltimore. Now I know better to have your texts show up on your lock screen.
0	Lol I know how you feel. I had double jaw surgery and it'll be 6 weeks this Thursday. I was banded completely shut for 4 weeks. Advanced to no-chew soft food diet last week and it's glorious. Everything looks and smells delicious when you can't eat it. I'm sure you know but jus make sure to pump the protein shakes and ensure in no matter how old it gets to drink. Good luck with whatever you have going on. Doublejawsurgery.com is a great blog with recipes and helps to know there are others who went through the same ordeal. It was tough the first 4 weeks but it was definitely worth it.
0	I would love to be able to poo standing up without messing myself. I'm not talking about squatting over the toilet either. I want to poop standing up just like a horse does it. They can even poop while they're walking, or even while pulling a cart down the middle of main street.
0	Oh sure, absolutely. Please don't take any of the rest of this post as assholery, as it's not my intent. I was just making a glib comment initially but I'll be happy to expound.   Oh, and, if a Skunk was shitting in my Jeep, I'd have figured a way to film that and mine it for Karma by this point.   Anyhow,   I can't control nature, so nature isn't included in my complaint. I'm making specific references, perpetrated by the neighborhood cat mafia and provable by eyes on witnessed events, or by being undeniably of Housecat origin.   The "dogs going crazy" complaint is because we have three different cats from the neighborhood that prowl around my yard at night, get into fights with each other, and once, humped right below my open bedroom window. That is the goddamned DEFINITION of Rudely Awakened.   I'm mostly adept at identifying what paw prints go to what in my neck of the woods, and I live close enough to the country to add badgers, opossums and other fun shit to the list.   Our local wild fauna tends to not come into the back yard, because I have:     Canine #1, a deceptively speedy mid-sized Pinscher breed that eats anything small and furry that moves,      and     Canine #2, an exceptionally speedy, doofy young lab mix that has learned to run cut-off routes in order to facilitate Canine #1's "backyard fresh delicacy" habits. They aren't out all the time, and the random nature of their appearances into the yard at all hours of the day and night tend to cause the most "surprise, you're a meal!" events for furry woodland critters.     I have seen the black and white feline asshole that does the majority of the paw-printing of both cars, the Grill, and anything else that I decide needs to stay in my driveway overnight. The garage sale earlier this summer was fraught with cat printed merchandise.   I came home from a movie the other night and he was sitting on my Jeep hard top, giving me a look like "What? Do something, asshole." I tried to take a picture, to post on here actually, but my Droid 4 has a shiiiiiiiiit camera. No anecdotal cat Karma for me.   I know what cat shit looks, smells, and steps like. With reckless abandon, the side yard at the back of my house would be frequented by cats. If I so much as left a light scattering of leaves over there, it turned into a neighborhood Cat Shit Mecca, and they would all make their way to pay their respects.   Cat shit has a smell and texture that is unmistakable, I've stepped in it often enough, before I figured out what was going on in the yard, to be the Cat Shit Squish Stomp Champeen of Springfield, Mazzurrah. This went on until the death of Canine Prime, and the eventual adoption of Canine #2, mentioned above. Canine #2 is like a stealth bomber: All black, fast as shit, and quiet, like Ninja.   Canine #2 stopped all the side yard nonsense when he got a leg up on one unlucky feline. It hit the fence so hard, I thought somebody was out there kicking down my chain latched gate. No, it was just that fat white asshole across the street accelerating to Mach 2, mid-dump and making it clumsily, and just barely, over the fence.   No more side yard Cat Shit Mecca.
1	That's the biggest catch; LoL players are so poor at adaptation outside of koreans and even there they struggle with it, and it's something e-sports at large is really starting to notice.   BW, SC2, WC3, DotA, Quake/UT, early CoDs, TF2....so many of these games necessitated the development of one's reactionary and improvisational skills at a competitive level. Not only from changes from patches or varied styles of play...but just by their very nature.   The RTS' had/have dozens if not hundreds of viable builds coming and going every year for every race; you had to learn to expect everything and learn to adapt your builds and focus' on the fly. Hell it helped to learn to memorize timings of enemy race builds even if you couldn't or didn't play the race yourself!   DotA had/has dozens of picks and dozens of all equally viable (if situational) items. You had to be able to judge when to adjust your 'normal build' or when to stop building one priority item for a newer higher priority item (Were you half way to BF but you seriously need that BKB? Save what you have, get BKB now. Just an example).   Quake/UT required you to learn how adapt your style of transversing maps to avoid enemies when low, or learn how to judge where they'll come from when you're hunting or being hunted.   Early CoDs were very tactical, and some of the most well balanced games out there from a FPS stand point. They required you to be able to adapt to changes in plans based on who died where and what the objective(s) were. Certain weapons could pierce and kill, others couldn't.   TF2 was basically a spiritual successor to Quake 3 n UT, so a lot of former quake n UT players easily and quickly transitioned to TF2 n turned it competitive, with similar requirements of skill.   Then we look at LoL....There's not a lot of viable variation for items for ADC or Top Laners. Mid variation only exists based on whether you're AP or AD or assassin vs mage. All mages themselves basically build the same. ETC. There's no real need for hardcore item variation in LoL compared to DotA (And by need, I mean there's not a lot of equally viable options, so you don't need to build differently usually...mostly cause you can't.) There's way less viability in character picks.   Not to mention back before how easy n widespread guides were, dota players on average were a lot more willing to help teach people builds, and in my experience at the casual level dota was very good about helping to teach people to learn how to adapt their builds to fit enemy/team needs. Dota 2 is suffering a bit from the same issue LoL has been for years now; people are unwilling or unable to learn how to adjust their build priorities or builds in general to suit their needs.   Likewise, a lot of early LoL pros are retiring because they're unable to adapt to the difference in play style necessitated by meta changes. Look at Snoopeh; support/utility focused junglers are very hard to reliably do now and are generally weaker than gank or carry style ones. It shows a lot in score and quality of play.
1	I don't think its particularly necessary for either Viegar or Sion to get a tooltip for it. Nasus's Q is invisible power to his opponent if he doesnt have the buff icon. If Viegar has 200 AP, that means his opponent can see he has 200 AP. Does it particularly matter to his opponent where the AP came from? Copy/Paste that explanation for Sion but with Health.   Nasus, on the other hand, may have 300 CS, but 0 of it could have come from his Q or 100% could. To the opponent, that means he has anywhere from +0 to +900 damage.
1	I had a similar experience but we did not start out stomping. Actually at 10 mins I think the other team had 12 kills and we had 0. Our solo top gave us first blood pretty fast, our mid was getting stomped by a fairly pro annie, and their jungle rammus was ganking every lane so constantly and successfully that I kind of wondered why he was in my elo (I dont believe in elo hell cause I know I am bad but working pretty hard to get better, so right now my elo is sub 1000). Well at this point people started yelling at one another and I had already had a bad day so while I didnt yell, I didnt do anything to make people feel better or be encouraging either. There was weird miscommunication before the game started so our jungler accidentally didnt have smite and I was forced into playing support ryze bot lane (that part while not intended when I picked was actually kind of fun). Well after the yelling went on for a while my lanning partner eventually spoke up and told everybody to start acting civil and that we could still win if we did. The GP and mid actually apologized to one another and sure enough, after an uphill battle we ended up turning the whole thing around, coordinating for dragon, pushing lanes well, winning team fights nobody went off on their own and got picked off. It turned into an actually impressive bit of teamwork. Even the initiation was completely spot on after people stopped yelling and blaming.
1	Vayne is a really difficult pick but still viable, definitely. It really depends on the matchup as to how you play it, so I'll take the matchups one by one.   Vs Sivir:  This is actually not that hard a lane for you. Hold tumble for when she tries q'ing you, you have pretty much the same aa range so she can't zone you. As long as you have fast enough reactions on tumble you can avoid most of the harass. This really comes down to the supps in lane, and this lane will be brutal if Annie is the Sivir's supp. Leona and Thresh are nasty too but awareness and you can tumble away from that too. 6 is your biggest friend. She gets disengage/engage at 6 but you get a massive powerspike. Try to use that to your advantage. This WILL get really tough if you fall behind though. You outscale Sivir by a long way.   vs Lucian: With the best harass in the game atm in early levels, this is quite a difficult lane. I usually don't pick into it, but if you HAVE to.. Avoid piercing light with tumble when possible, and use your condemn/tumble to get out of the culling if he fires that up. Your best bet is having a hard lockdown like Leona or a strong sustain like Nami or Raka in your support. If you have a Leona you can chain stuns into condemn to lockdown Lucian for an entire fight. Again, use your 6, Vayne has one of the strongest 6's on an ADC. Lucian also can't properly lock you down with the culling when you ulti.   Vs Jinx: This can both be a brutal lane or a really easy one. Jinx will zone you if she uses her rockets right, but she lacks the mobility if you engage on her. Which means a good position with wards means that you can condemn her easily, with her lacking the repositioning of Lucian or the spellshield of Sivir. She has a near as large powerspike at 6 as you, but yours doesn't need you to land a skillshot, so you definitely outdo her if you can dodge the rocket. Unless she zoned you too hard pre-6, which is always a possibility. A Taric is actually really good into this matchup, just because of the bonus armour making you able to survive early trades.
1	I actually prefer to due lane with Mordekaiser--for quite a few reasons. Yes, he's easy to lane with, but he's also easy to gank, especially in a solo lane. This is because 1) he has no built-in escape mechanisms, and 2) he pretty much HAS to push a lane, which makes him vulnerable to jungle ganks and makes it harder for his own jungler to gank his lane.   If morde is laning 2v1 (as the 1), there are some trade-off. If the enemy does a lot of auto-attacking and lets the minions get pushed to the tower, Morde should be fine (the tower will take some damage, but not much). However, if the two laners top know what they are doing, they will zone Morde out of xp from the very start. If the top laners have 1) a decent a mount of harass, or 2) a decent amount of disable, and they use it before morde is able to reach the minions, laning is going to be difficult for him. If they subsequently keep the minions away from the tower, it will be even more difficult. The jungler will also be somewhat less inclined to gank top (2v2) when they can gank mid (2v1) or bot (3v2).   On top of all, as far as champions that NEED a solo lane go, Mordekaiser is pretty low on the list. Yes, his early-mid game is strong, and is even stronger if he gets to solo lane. But he is can duo lane and still be pretty effective/useful (assuming he doesn't fail really hard). Other champions, such as your ranged dps carries, are much more dependent on having a solo lane than Morde   That said, very little of this is due to the jungler--its the situation of the match as a whole from which these issues arise.
1	Well, I only have about 350 normals played and about ~55 ranked played (currently silver 3), but I queue with my high gold and plat friends who acknowledge that I am playing well above my current division.   I think one of the best things I've ever does is watch streamers, but not as a source of entertainment, but as a learning tool. They have learned to play at an incredible level passively, something that would require a plat player to focus extremely hard on, and something that a bronze player could never do. Learning every detail of how they lane makes for an almost unbeatable laning phase. As far as team fight knowledge goes, it's all about knowing what your champion can do. If you are playing Nidalee being the forefront of a team fight is not going to win you the game, but staying back and poking will, while the opposite is true for Nasus. Identifying what you are poor at and working on that will also result in you being an overall better player. Practice CS. 100 by 15 is pretty good, 150 but 20 is even better. Never, ever, ever rage. Getting to silver is pretty easy if you just make sure you are playing to the best of your ability. If you have been in bronze a long time then you are likely not capable of carrying, so just focus on being good yourself and not losing your lane. The key to Season 3 right now is snowballing, so getting ganks from your jungler and capitalizing on the enemies mistakes will grant you a victory.   Oh and don't get greedy. You will die.
0	Not flowers, but be polite, definitely.  And keep up a conversation.   I had a girlfriend that I was going fairly steady with for almost six months, and when I first met her family I shook everyone's hand, looked them in the eye, called them "Mr." and "Mrs.".  Fast forward four months and my depression issues were causing me to kinda block her out, and she left me.   But, her family loved me so much that they invite me to get together and I hang out with her brother occasionally.  This is great because I'm still extremely respectful, and it makes her family look at her like shes a bitch, which is just that sweet little bit that tells me that hey, I dodged a bullet.
1	And my only other irritation with this thread is the people that say they're embarrassed to show this game to their girl friends?   It's not about a lack of realism, it's about looking at Janna in a wind bikini and realizing immediately that the target audience is overly hormonal teenage boys. They look at Sivir and they know right away, more than "pretty" it is "sexy". The adjectives lean away from "lovely, graceful, beautiful," and most notably, TASTEFUL.   Unfair for you to say that we're complaining about realism because I game and my friends game, too, but not usually MOBAs. Contrast the outfits of say, Sivir/Sejuani/Shyvana with how absolutely flipping beautiful say, Princess Zelda looked in Twilight Princess and you'll see what I'm talking about.
0	Young or not doesn't even scratch the surface. My friend married a 30 yr old woman, whose way less mature than my 24 yo gf bc she's Muslim and been in 1 previous relationship when she was 17.  PROTIP: Have at least 6 relationships and 10 sexual partners before you settle down.
1	As far as the "attitude" goes, its really not surprising one bit. I like piglet as a player because im like wow, this dude is fkn good, how does he do x move on vayne, how does he kite like that with cait, etc..   But its pretty known that he is toxic. When he was in KR I believe SKT had to apologize on his behalf, about some kind of trash talk incident in KR soloq. Inven was up in arms about whatever it was that he said to some guy in soloq. In addition to all of that, even when he streams here on NA, i watch him to learn, and he constantly types "GG. or FF pls". Sure, you could say that people in KR soloq give up easily, but when im watching Faker's stream, even if things go badly, i never see him typing "gg, or please surrender" hes usually just laughing away.
0	Dude this reminds me of a date i went on a few years ago. Mexican restaurant good conversation and margaritas. Then i played drums at an open mic night and had a great time. She shows up after im done and we make out for hours. Then at the end of the night she says "i have strep." Instantly got sick as hell and never talked to her again. What a bitch that should be illegal. So gross.
0	just yesterday some lady try to lane change into my lane, as in into my car(I don't mean in front of me in a cut me off manner, I mean in straight on collision side-to-side merge) because she needed to turn right. The traffic light was yellow but its at a mere 5 feet(ish? like the part where the broken lines starts to become solid) in front of me. So she turned literally right next to me which caused me to break HARD, She almost scrapped the right quarter of my car off. she stopped right on the opposite lane of the crosswalk because she almost killed a kid that was about to finish crossing. Who in the right mind would merge into a car right next to you? I never honked without a very good reason. This is probably the 2nd time I ever honked at a person. I was sincerely scared for my life.
1	Blitzcrank by nature is a champion all about risk vs. reward. Land Rocket Grab on a priority target and you've single (robot) handedly won an entire teamfight - miss, and you're out of a sizeable cooldown and inviting your opponents to a big ol' counter-attack party. For a champion so steeped in this mindset however, Overdrive's up-time mitigated Blitzcrank's risk a little too much, leaving enemies still fleeing in fear even after a grab gone wide. Shortening the windows 'Crank has to make his big plays while increasing his burst of speed pushes this dichotomy further, but beware running out of steam if you misplay the moment.   Source:
0	Just remember that "fatness" isn't always the result of an unhealthy lifestyle and inactivity. I was a thin, athletic dancer til the age of 22 and started piling on weight - I didn't understand why and worked harder to lose it eventually tearing my achillies from the extra strain. Only recently have I found out I have an endocrine disorder and insulin resistance and have been able to adapt my (already balanced and healthy) diet to see some loss results.
0	I live in a rural area and had a dog that used to stay outside at night.  One night, I woke up to the sound of lots of barking and noise. Animal noises are pretty common in my area so I didn't think much of it at first.  After a while, I had to go check out what was happening.  My dog was being attacked by a pack of 5 other dogs, 2 rottweilers and 3 mutts that were a little bit smaller than a lab.  I immediately ran out there with a 2x4 that I had out from working on the back deck. I hit the rottweilers as hard as I could but it didn't seem to phase them much and they started to come after me. I got bitten on the ass by one of the smaller mutts and realized I was outmatched having only a piece of wood. I managed to get back inside my house.  I immediately ran to my gun safe and grabbed a 20 ga shotgun with only birdshot rounds. I went back outside and ended up taking three shots at these dogs before they ran off.  My dog had over 200 puncture wounds from the smaller dogs nipping at him while the rottweilers caused major trauma.  Luckily my dog pulled through.  Since I live in a small town, we know most of our neighbors pretty well and I happened to know who owned these dogs so I called him and told him what happened.  The owner of the dogs came to my house yelling and screaming at me because I had shot his dog in the face.  I didn't participate in the yelling and simply went to the gunsafe and got a pistol. I went back over to his house and put 2 rounds into each of the 5 dogs and then one more into each of the rottweilers for good measure. This guy began freaking out as is to be expected and the only thing I said to him was "get a fucking poodle."  I feel no regret on my actions here except that the guy had kids who were watching through the window. On the plus side, he now owns two poodles and we've settled things up.
0	Once again, it was only a joke. Other than that, while I have no problem with such things (so long a its legal and consensual) it brings up the problem that is had by gay people, ridicule. I find that I have no problem with anyone getting married to anyone else as long as they are both happy and the love is coming from both sides (or more than two, I see no problem with polygamy as long as both brides know). But alas, the general public has put people like this to shame, calling them freaks and doing everything they can to hurt them and make their practices illegal.
0	As most people have alluded to, talking to customers is part of the business. Humans are social creatures and the majority of people don't mind talking to someone else. By talking, the hair stylist has an opportunity to create a relationship with his/her customer and if the customer likes talking to that stylist, then they are more likely to come back to them or specifically ask for them. It also allows the hair stylist to perhaps suggest hairstyles that are more suited to the customer's personality/lifestyle. Obviously, the customer can direct the stylist into the style he'd prefer, but the stylist is the professional and in the end, it really does depend on how he perceives the situation and what is optimal course of action. And more to that point, if you are quiet, then you probably are not as likely to even direct the stylist (since you know, you're too quiet) which can lead to a customer that although may not hate the cut, won't love it either. I find it much easier to suggest or direct my hair stylist when we are already talking rather than abruptly saying "What are you doing?"  It's way cheaper and results in more stable income if you  retain customers rather than have to constantly seek out new ones. If I were a stylist and some random customer came in, asked for a haircut, said nothing throughout the experience, paid and just left, then I would not feel confident that the person will come back as opposed to a customer that just happened to share my passion for Mongolian throat singing and talked to me about it throughout the entire haircut. In one instance, the stylist is just a faceless, nameless, replaceable service in the situation, they can become something more.  Obviously, there are some people who prefer to be silent and some stylists will pick up on that, but it's a much safer strategy for the stylist to first assume that you prefer conversation and then alter the strategy depending on the response. I'm normally a reserved and quiet person, and it's very easy for me to slow a conversation down entirely simply by the attitude I choose to have and I've done that numerous times with past hairdressers, coincidentally, more often than not, I used to leave my hairdresser not entirely satisfied with the hair cut.
1	Yes but it pretty accurately shows your "elo".   It doesn't accurately show anything, it translates your position on the ladder to a different number, but that number doesn't necessarily reflect what your ELO would be.   My example would be: If I'm stuck in Silver I at 90 LP, getting +1/2 for a win, but -10 for a loss, I can have an 83% winrate for a period of time while my MMR "catches up".  My league position will stay about the same, as for every 5 wins, I have a loss putting me back to the same LP.  Lolking will always show my score at ~1490, because I'm just shy of gold, at 1500.  Meanwhile, my ELO would actually be climbing, because my winrate is largely positive, and I'll be playing against better and better people.
1	With some proper formatting:   > I'm bored so I'll do some math...   >Assume you're a level 12 vayne and you already have blade of the ruined king and zerk greaves and +35 attack damage from runes/masteries/doran's/whatever and +4% attack speed from masteries.   >Your next item could be either infinity edge or trinity   >assume you maxed tumble first, you have four points in silver bolts, and you tumble once for every 2.5 seconds of strait stand still auto attacking and you get a trinity proc everytime you tumble. assume enemy has 1500 max health for the purposes of silver bolts and your opponent has 100 armor after whatever so i'm just going to punch in silver bolts damage as double the value of regular damage.   >Your auto attack DPS is calculated as:   >.658 [base vayne attack speed]    1.981 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 149 [your attack damage] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 149   1.5 [tumble damage] + (.07   1500 + 50) * 2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]   >so crunching the numbers, your damage over 2.5 seconds with a tumble + some autos is 1149.12.   >Add triforce and do the math again:   >.658 [base vayne attack speed]    2.281 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 179 [your attack damage]   1.10 [crit] + (.07 1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 179   1.6 [tumble damage adds with crit] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]+178[Sheen damage]   >crunching the numbers, your damage is now 1694.28... which is 545.16 more than it was without trinity force.   >next, do it with IE instead of triforce:   >.658 [base vayne attack speed]    1.981 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 219 [your attack damage]   1.375 [crit & crit damage bonus] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 219   1.875 [tumble dmg/crit/crit dmg] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]   >your damage is 1831.98... which is 682.86 more than it was before.   >Since IE just adds pure damage, we should divide 3700g by the 682.86 damage that IE adds to determine the value of "damage"... each point of "damage" in this math experiment is worth 5.418g... using this analysis, trinity force adds 2954 (rounded) gold worth of damage, and it costs 3628g.  That's 674g that needs to be made up in other stats on the item.   >So the question: is the 250 health, 200 mana, 8% move speed and move speed proc on trinity force worth 674g?  If yes, it's worth buying tri on vayne for the mid game at least.  For late game infinity edge will scale better (you can pick up IE eventually anyway, it's not like tri is slot inefficient.. could replace PD or something in your build)... i'm too lazy to do late game math right now, anyway.   >
1	I get angry at people doing this, because     Most have no idea why and what they are doing there and just farm the lane then backing off ( instead bot gets pushed and they lose 4-5 waves )     it is useless with our comp because the enemy xerath/lux will just waveclear and we do nothing again.       -> The main problem is that nearly nobody has any clue where and when to push ( because if they would understand even these simple things they would be allready in plat 1 and above)
0	Why did I read these comments? Do I like seeing morons shout about things while they don't have any idea what they are talking about? In America, if you don't like not being paid extra to work a job you agreed to work, then you can quit. People probably want that job more than you and would be willing to work for normal pay. If you aren't getting extra pay then you probably have a crappy job anyways, which is more than some people can say.
1	The last time I had someone that said they were going to feed, I just did a printscreen of the chat.  I told the troll that I had the screenshot I would gladly play the game and let them feed because they would be banned afterword.  They ended up leaving dodging and I never saw them again (but I still sent in the screen).
1	Thorin is one of those people who can talk 10 minutes just to express something they could have said in 3 sentences   You could basically make a 1 line
1	I agree, without a doubt, the quotes lend the interviews a great amount of intrigue. And I feel, pre-worlds, most of us love them! It's just that what with some people not enjoying spoilers, perhaps it could be less specific. Like "Fnatic Soaz Day 2 - Thoughts on the Korean Performance... Faker living up to the hype". Obviously just a really weak, thrown together quote, but nonetheless an example of a less spoiler-centric title.   Really, none of this bothers me b/c sometimes I can't catch every game, so it's nice to get the
1	I think his wither and spirit fire are actually very good in terms of utility.   His wither is comparable to exhaust, and with 40% CDR, is on a 6.6 second cooldown for a 5 second spell, so it has about 75% uptime. In addition, it has 700 range, meaning it cast be cast relatively safely.   Spirit fire provides an near instant AOE 40 armor shred at 650 range. As a comparison, Aegis'/Bulwark's Aura is 10armor. I can't think of any other skill that I would prefer for resistance shredding purposes. Taric's Shatter is a 30 armor shred, but forces him to be next to his targets to shred them. Nidalee's shred is percentage based (up to 40%), and thus is better against targets with over 100 armor. However, there is a delay between placing the trap and the actual shred taking place, in addition to the AOE being smaller.   If we are assuming a 0 cs support, his Q would be relatively useless given no stacks and less tankyness. I don't believe his ultimate wouldn't be too great either, as it requires him to be next to enemies for the maximum effect, and again, a support Nasus would probably be somewhat squishy.
1	How to carry as a support. some tips from a dedicated support player.   it can be really annoying in lane to have a bad ad carry. that's why you have to take some high impact supports to carry. someone who can disrupt heavily the enemy team during teamfights (Janna, Lulu, Sona. I dont include initiators like leona or alistar because initiating with a bad team can be really horrible). with the correct items you should have around 3200 hp so you are really tanky and the natural survavility of those supports is quite enough so you can separate from the team to ward/clear. Remember to build in order to enhance your best players. if your ap mid is doing awesome consider taking a WOTA. if your carry makes a comeback, get a zeke's. if your team is a little behind get an aegis.   in teamfights try to keep your carry safe (and by carry i mean the guy who is killing everyone, not necesarily your ad carry) and try to disrupt the enemy carries. THIS IS IMPORTANT a lot of people forced to support just spam skills hoping to get someone, try to aim and disrupt the right targets. if their ap already used his combo focus your skills on the enemy ad, if the ad is just as "good" as yours then focus your skills on the enemy ap.   PINGS. dyrus once said that pings are like retard magnets, people see a ping and they run straight to it. during team fights ping the enemy carries so your team can realize they are focusing the wrong target. ping the objectives everytime you can take them (towers are objectives too. if you just won a teamfight push a nearby tower before getting that dragon).   REMEMBER TO USE THE ACTIVES OF YOUR ITEMS. a lot of forced supports get items like Shurelyas or Locket and they forget to use them. its a really important part of the role to use those items at the right time. Shurelyas is good to escape bad engages or to force an initiation. Locket is good to counter initiate and tower dive.
1	Downvoting the thread because no
0	Firstly Kevin Smith is 100% wrong about this and I wish he DID use kickstarter to fund projects.   What all you people who are bagging on famous people using kickstarter are saying is "WHY SHOULD WE PAY FOR A MOVIE TICKET? THEY HAVE MILLIONS OF DOLLARS ALREADY OMG FUCK THEM"   Kickstarter backed movie projects come WITH A COPY OF THE MOVIE for all but the very cheapest level set aside for those who want to chip in a few bucks and can't afford much. (usually the price of a retail dvd or movie ticket)   If I am a fan of someone creative like Kevin Smith, Joss Whedon or yes Zach Braff, why would't I pre-order a copy of their next project in order to help them not only green light their next project but to do so with 100% creative control?   Imagine a world where Fox didn't fuck Joss over for many years cancelling Firefly and Dollhouse...if only Kickstarter was around to save the day back then!   How about an alternate reality where Kevin Smith could have just gone on writing and directing awesome low budget movies with no studios telling him he has to make shit like Cop Out or executives refusing to green light something?   Not to mention the extra bonus of exclusive swag from our favourite franchises...t-shirts, signed posters, chances to be extras, visits to sets, props used in filming, red carpet screenings, video\audio messages from our favourite actors\directors thanking us for helping rather than a studio taking our money and not giving a fuck about us...I don't understand why people are against this!   Kickstarter for famous people doesn't sound so bad now, does it?  That is the world our children will grow up in and I envy them for it.   edit
1	Yes I totally agree, LCS teams need to step it up. I think theres a big distinction in the NA LCS and the LCK or even the LPL and EU LCS when it comes to coahcing. The NA scene is severely young in both players and Coaches. The coaches are either players who have been with the team forever or some trusted associate who has played League at high elo to some capacity, or even current staff with the team.   The Reason CLG ended up the way it did and the reason why you'll never see this happen in the LCK is because individuals  and teams in the LCK know what it means to be a sports coach. I think this is a very important and basic element that NA LCS teams heavily look over, like seriously forget getting more people who know everything about the game, or who used to be the most awesome players/shotcallers. Yea thats all fine and dandy but honestly what you need is a mature and grown individual who has a commanding presence.   Who carry's ethos within the organization and among the players, a true leader to TEACH the players how to lead and follow and ultimately meld together as a team. You don't need another person that boils down to be a glorified analyst who ends up becoming the scapegoat for the organization when they lose. "CLG lost to TSM? Must be Scarras fault for having a horrible pick and ban phase"! I know pick and bans are important but seriously come on, players have been doing this on their own forever and you think thats all a coach needs to do? An extra voice for that?   Oh am I assuming to much? Perhaps you think that they should just make the players feel comfortable, tell them to practice and stream once in a while. Take scrims a little more seriously, hand out breaks/praise when players do something they are paid to do and be nice and considerate to a players role, champ pool and status on the team. Wouldnt want to get your superstar mad at you now would ya? Please if this is how you operate you need to stop being a child, no coach should operate like this ever, because if you do, you end up like CLG. Players running a mock, giving excuses and saying sorry for acting immature when it's already too late. You know what happens when you screw up in the real world on the job?   You can get fired folks and no it doesnt have to be a chronic issue, they can lose confidence in you the first time around and LCS players really arent pressured and held to a high standard as they should be. They live with grown children and act like rude ass grown virgin children. You look at the Korean players, they are serious, like all dead serious. They play League like they could be benched and replaced the next damn day, they play with a sense of urgency, they are very precise, they can tilt and sometimes show emotion but guess who's there to crack the whip on them if they get out of line? Oh thats right the intimidating well dressed adult looking coach standing right behind them!   LCS coaches dont even dress like they are dignified figures of the organization sometimes, like take your damn job seriously folks. I'm a big CLG fan but the entire organization should be ashamed because they were read for what they really are. Unorganized amateur children  that don't know how to be professional. Have some integrity and some pride in your brand! Stop recruiting loud mouth celebrities from Youtube and twitch to be part of your organization to directly influence your misguided band of misfits. For gods sake some of these people never even graduated highschool, do you realize the maturity level much less the education level of some of these players?!   Not to make these pros sound like bums off the street but lets be real here, technically they are at best gifted children who got the opportunity to do what they love, while making a low income equivalent to that of someone with only a highschool diploma working a 9-5, except their hours are way longer and they give up much of their social lives/growth.  I aint knocking these pro's choice to go big in the League scene and I do hope League continues to grow, but these organization need to realize they arent housing adults. These kids need a lot of development and responsibility and discipline need to be retrained to many of these individuals.   Kind of a
1	Are you stupid? First of all, the fact that I main GP is HUGE in this argument.   >"listen dude, I'm the best, don't even try anything else because it's wrong before I even look at it."   I didn't say this, or anything CLOSE to it. I said AP GP is bad. Don't believe me? His Q has NO Ap ratio. With new Lichbane it does (105 base AD level 18) + 500AP? = 355 DMG (DAMN THAT BURST, Critplank doesn't do 1k damage per Q or anything...). The heal on your W? 1.0 Ratio, sure. By the time you can use the heal and receive the full 700~ heal, you're most likely dead due to lack of tankiness. If you don't use W to remove CC you die instantly, so it's useless. Your E? Virtually useless stats on APGP. Sure, free move speed. Your ult? Absolutely horrible scaling and unreliable. You can do 0 damage with your ult, no matter how much AP you have if no cannonballs hit. Even so, the ratio is lackluster and is useless even for teamfights. It's only relatively good for AoE slow on disengages/engages.   MEANWHILE.   Korean Gangplank of Stattik Shiv + Wits End is great. Your passive (GP has a passive, today you learned) is a 40% slow at level 1, as well as magic DoT. If you abuse the passive with the Shiv's passive (which can crit magic damage) as well as wit's end passive (42 bonus magic damage on hit, plus stealing MR), you do tons of damage. Building full tank from there, means you can reliably survive and actually be relevant to your team.
1	It forces teams to turn away good coaches that they want to work with, because few teams are going to throw away that much money.   what you're saying is that they are good coaches, just not good enough to give up $25,000 RIOT money?  OK   >Stage-presence is nothing to do with being a coach,   You're right- it has to do with marketing RIOT's product, League of Legends within their main marketing vehicle- the LCS.   > Riot shouldn't say they're paying coaches and then only honour it when they get a show out of it. I don't see why it's unreasonable for Riot to pay remote coaches such as LS a salary.   Because it's their money and they should do whatever they want with it.  The LCS is about marketing League of Legends.  I'd imagine affable, visible personalities on the pro scene help accomplish this task.  If LS is such a great coach, a team with sign him with their own funds.   >I don't think Riot should be forcing teams into decisions where it's a bad choice for them to work with the coaches they want to use.   I don't think you understand what FORCE means. RIOT is not forcing MYM to do anything.  They and other LCS teams are lucky RIOT decided to offer support staff subsidies in the first place.  They are forcing MYM to use their own funds to hire staff that can't make an appearance at LCS events.
1	Quick question.   That "may be cropped" business with the red border: How "may" is may? Is it always cropped? Usually? Sometimes? I used that Diana/Leona art that IronStylus posted not that long ago and since it's already halved, the edge of the image needed to lined up right with that red border.
0	I worked at a non-profit without pay for 5 months, and I worked my hardest there because they respected me and everyone was really friendly. Now they started paying me.  Money isn't the only motivator for good work.
0	I already see the standard "reddit is not homogenous, everyone is different" response to the this. When he talks about the hive mind he is talking about the predominant opinions that show up the most often, not the outliers who disagree. You're not telling anyone anything they don't already fully understand when you say reddit is full of different people with different opinions... everyone already knows that.
0	I was an electrician out of high school. Got laid off, went through my savings looking for work (it was a good sized egg), and eventually gave up my union benefits to go back to school (after I had gone broke).  Gonna graduate in May with about 7K in debt.   You're also forgetting that a majority of electricians (at least in the US) have to travel around the country to where the work is, are subject to 10-12 hour work days (sometimes 7 days a week depending how tight the schedule is) which doesn't bear well for personal relationships, and are subject to the elements while working.  And that half of every Friday depends on on the labor agreement that the Local Union you're working for has in place (which varies from region to region).
0	I mostly support this and the comment above, but to add: law and order politicians, ie -those who increase the time behind bars for offenders or lessen funding for public defense programs decrease confidence in our legal system and thus make for no trust in the police force. To a young man, perhaps with barely a high school education gets wrongly arrested but is forced to sign a plea deal to make sure he's not charged with a felony, I can't blame him/her for announcing "fuck the police", and unfortunately the reverberates up and down society and gets blamed on the arresting officer. Another note worth a mention, especially here in the south there is little love for the police in the black community, because even as of twenty years ago there were still egregious violations of the law by police that most in power turned a blind eye to (well, still happening in NYC).
1	Well, it all means different stuff in different companies, but for most, software engineer is a glorified term for code monkey.  The real reason: I had a PM at my first job who told me to never call myself a software developer because it sounds like you don't have a plan.   As far as the masters or PhD being worth it, that's really up to you.  For US citizens, I feel that a Masters or PhD is more about personal academic achievement than monetary gain.  Coming from other countries where competition may be more fierce (asia for example), the Masters and PhD will help get your foot in the door and may be a better value.   My advice to college students in CS is to learn what they want to focus on, then focus on it through the open source community on GitHub.  If you like Java and want to be an enterprise Java developer, try to find a fun Spring project to contribute to on GitHub.  If you want to be a UI guy, look for a JavaScript project (pref with a focus on one of the hot modules, like jQuery or ExtJS).  In short, if you want to be a programmer, then program at least 2 hours a week on projects outside of school.  I guarantee that most of your peers aren't doing that and it will give you a massive advantage.   The reason I got my first job wasn't because of achievements or accolades (I had none), but it was because I could talk about projects I worked on with passion.  Like an artist, I think all good programmer candidates should have a portfolio that they can discuss during interviews.
0	Former HD department head here. I know Depot employees get a lot if bad rap because they are hard to find, but honestly 99% of the time it's the store mangers fault for keeping the building understaffed to cut costs. Unless they are a 200 million dollar store like Hawaii,  the staff is kept to a bare minimum so they can afford to over staff at large sales dates.   That being said, nearly everyone I worked with genuinely cared about helping customers and would often try to go above and beyond to help them with a problem. Of course there were still people who thought the company was evil for making them try to do their jobs, but on the whole most people loved their jobs.   I remember once my store manager sent the entire leadership team to help build an add on to a house for a old lady who had lost both her children in a horrible car accident and her grandkids were now coming to live with her. She couldn't afford to build the add on, so we ate the bill and helped with the project. It was awesome...the pure joy and gratitude on that woman's face still makes me smile from time to time.
0	I'm not saying that real wages haven't fallen in the last decade.  This effect is especially important for people that fall below the poverty line.  However, median real income hasn't fallen as much as is popularly believed due to the way that these factoids are presented.  It's also worth noting that real energy prices are expected to drop over the next decade due to the influx of domestic (assuming you're from the US) petroleum products from increased use of fracking and the increasing efficiency and economic viability of alternative energy sources. Similarly, the net effect of conflicting economic factors is commonly believed to be much more negative than it actually is due to media reporting which trends towards negative headlines because they generate more clicks.  In the same way, the government is largely paralyzed by a similar devotion to narrative over actual facts.
0	I only had 1 boss who was inconsistent with pay. Fuck that guy. He's out there living in a 3 floor house in the nice part of town, had bought 2 new cars in a month, enrolled his twins in a super fancy daycare to allow his wife to be the book keeper (we had virtually no books kept - we had receipts that I had written to track orders). Meanwhile I was making $7.50 (with $7.25 being minimum). He was 6 weeks late with pay. Come to find out, he had extended every penny of credit he could get, and wasn't bringing in money. He waited to tell me this at the end of the 6 weeks. There was no insurance at the job, and I got canned because I missed a week of work due to a kidney infection keeping me in bed at the next payday (8 weeks late). When I was hired, there was no contract or statement of benefits, but he told me I would get a week of vacation a year and the week of Christmas off - the week I missed with doctor's documentation was the week of Christmas. He told me he was firing me because he didn't appreciate me constantly asking him for my paycheck every call. He never paid me because my timecard was pieces of paper where I wrote my time in and out. He destroyed those for the 2 months, so there was no record that I was asked to be there.
1	I do tribunal occasionally when I have nothing to do(trying to find some funny toxic chats).   But out of 90 cases I only got 4 wrong, and those 4 were ones that I chose to pardon.  Those pardoned cases didn't show any real toxic behavior.  Basically what I'm getting at is almost everyone who does tribunal just presses punish, so you shouldn't worry too much about those toxic players, they'll all get time bans eventually if they get enough reports, tribunal people are all lazy and just press punish.
0	Had a brother that had a girlfriend that was Vegan.  She comes over for Christmas and when my mother serves dinner it is pretty much all meat.  She then, from what I remember in drunkenness, complained the whole time about how everywhere she goes no one ever has vegan options.   My mother said that if she was told in advanced that she would have no problem making something for her.  While my mother was setting up a huge dinner, she stops and makes some vegan crap for this girl.   THEN SHE TURNS IT DOWN, because she doesn't like it.   I know it's not because she is a vegan but instead because she is a cunt, but common.  Being vegan is not like a handicap where you should expect special accommodations everywhere you go.  You don't go to someones house and mock them for not having stuff for your special diet.
1	The stupid obstacles your talking about is literally playing 20 games to unlock a champion. Is 10 champions every week not enough for the people who don't want to spend RP (or IP for whatever reason)?   So let me get this straight you playing a game where champions or heros are the core content of the game. They are literally the most important part of the game. The way they interact with other hero's the diversity among them. And you find it acceptable to grind or pay your way to the biggest part of a game. 10 hero's free is less than 10% of Leagues hero pool its not enough. If I could pay a flat 60$ for all the champion I would and I might consider playing league again. But grinding out the most important part of the game is stupid. Whereas in dota I click install and every hero is available to me immediately. Don't tell grinding champions is OK. Because its not.   >The piece of crap client isn't a mistake. Let me note LoL was created YEARS before Dota 2 was even announced, making a lot of the tech NOT innovative. If the game is running on a worse engine, it makes many things significantly harder to adjust.   1 everything possible gameplay wise in dota 2 exists in Warcraft dota 1. Its all possible in a 10 year old game. Hell Warcraft 3 dota had functioning replays which league still does not have. Also voice chat has existed for decades on PC gaming and the "most popular " PC game does not support it???? Because its "toxic" bullshit. The reason replay or voice chat doesn't exist is because its a shit game.   Riot may release a updated client and engine but it will still be light years behind source a engine that was created by a company with a  3rd of the staff riot has. Hell source was a fps engine now its being used for a ARTS. And is being updated into source 2 while nothing was wrong with it in the first play.
1	Wow people here are retarded and really judgemental. Lets make a pros and cons list. I  can only make assumptions though. These assumptions are very generic as I don't really know anything of his skills or situation.   Pros:     He could make it as a pro (I agree, quite unlikely, but there's a possibility)     Should he not become a pro, he will still have spent time playing a game he loves, and now has a computer that he will benefit from even after this event (providing he will use its full capacity).     This person will only have put his real life commitment at hold, and not really burned any bridges as far as I understand.     He will most likely get a really good view on what in life he should prioritize from now on.     This is a guess. But I'm guessing he has a family or friends that could let him live in their houses or leech a little from or someother backup plan. If not this is a con because either the relatives/friends will get sick of him leeching, or he will have to get a part time job or loans to keep his finances rolling.     If his schedule is in the lines of the proffesionals it's not like he won't have a social life or spare time.       Cons:     He will have effectively "wasted" 1 years time and some money in the same time. Although if his stream goes moderately known he might also earn some money so it could also be a pro.     He might have somewhat of a hard time in adjusting to real life commitments (atleast  at first).     Should he not make it, he might get very bored or sick of the game and these feelings could stay the same. This is however a pro and a con depending on how you look at it, yes he will have gotten somewhat bored of his favourite game, but in the other hand his priorities will most likely improve and his spare time boosted.
0	Like in North Korea where if you sympathize with South Korea you get sent to concentration camps along with you whole family, your kids, and your kids' kids.   Technically what Snowden did was leak government information which is treason. However I do not want Snowden to be caught.
1	I'm not saying that Koreans are somehow genetically better than Westerners   You don't even have to dance around the racial-differences argument to explain (well, hypothesize) why most people's experience says Asians are better at matters of calculation.  It's likely a matter of language, not genetics .   In short, Asian numbering systems do not create new words for anything but orders of magnitude past 10 (100, 1000, etc); everything is expressed as a combination of the numbers from 0-9 and orders of magnitude. 11 is "ten-one", 12 is "ten-two", 21 is "two-tens-one", etc. So they use a lot fewer distinct words and a lot less time to express the same numbers, and reputable research reports that those who speak languages with shorter expressions for numbers are generally able to remember more of them.
1	Id like an explanation of what happened, didnt see the stream. Is HBO sponsoring/does that mean we'll start to see LCS on HBO/ does that mean we're going to see  rise in content quality.
1	To be perfectly honest i love facing Fiora as a top laner. Yes she becomes untargetable when she ults but thats why you learn how to counter play it. I personally like to take someone like a shen or lissandra against her and grab exhaust. When she dashes towards me i either e-taunt her right away as shen so that she takes a lot of minion aggro and i automatically win the trade or of I'm liss i w-stun her as soon as she comes in and then auto q auto kite. If I'm irelia, i e-stun then w and q away. If she comes close to me again i do the same, yes she may put dmg onto me but she can only kill you with her ult if you're low in health and if thats the case be prepared to exhaust her as soon as she dashes in because she will ult. >
1	dont even think about it. everyone knows the tribunal is full of wannabe cops, who like to spam punish at every case.
1	my opinion is that they're only worth it if the build you're going with has the higher tier item. on j4 top, one of my more frequent items is randuins, so i get the HoG early for the gp5 bonus. but i also kennen top a lot, and getting kage's isnt worth it for that because i dont build deathfire on a top kennen.
0	To be fair, some of those override flushing buttons are not in any way shape or form intuitive. There's no consistency and there's no obvious indications. It's sometimes a simple black protrusion next to another black piece of plastic on a metal panel on the wall, sometimes it's a chrome button on the side of a chrome fixture that could just as well be a bolt or some protrusion of the flushing mechanism.   Those are obvious to those who have experience with them, but unless you grew up with them, you are probably forgetting an event where you were like "WTF, how the hell does this god damn toilet work".
0	At the same time, all that bullshit she did with former boyfriends, or the drugs she used to be into, and all the shitty situations you weren't around for that make you sick to your stomach, they all made her into exactly the person you fell in love with. It hurts to know you weren't the only one to make her happy, but it's because she went through that you're with her now. Each brush stroke paints the picture, and it wouldn't be the same without it.
1	The game shouldn't have been remade because Aatrox bug has been around since before Worlds. So, either disable Aatrox or shut up. If they restarted the game right when freddy said, what would be the idea? Restart over and over if the bug kept happening? Darien would have to pick another champion? Well that would be unfair since many many teams have used Aatrox and Darien had no warning that Aatrox would be disabled.
1	It's very hard to shut down master yi in lane, especially if your champ doesn't have any CC's. Just be sure to be able to keep up in farming.   Master yi is a really strong pusher in lane so you need a champ that can clear creeps fast too. Stand a bit away from your minion wave to reduce the chance of being hit by his alpha strike bounces. Never go near your wave if you have only 3 creeps because his AS will hit you 100%.   Harass him. Sure he has meditate, but at low levels it has a long CD and its healing is manageable. Before he goes back to buy items, he won't have enough mana to spam both heal and AS so be sure to try to damage him when he's safe.   Lastly, prevent him from roaming too much by constantly clearing creepwaves. Do not allow him to snowball other lanes. If your others lanes are doing ok, Master yi won't get too much resets in team fights. A master yi that doesn't get resets in team fights is very manageable and you should be more useful than him.
1	This is precisely the problem with him. I was playing in a 5 man with some newer level 30's. I was being camped top and was repeatedly dying because I was just gung-ho zerging and playing terribly - I was still outfarming their team so I decided that if I just kept 2 players busy top, keeping more farm than them, my deaths would be worthless. Come 20 minutes in and I go from x - 10 - x to 11 - 10 - x and snowball carry.
0	As someone who worked for blockbuster right up until our stores closed if have to say you are wrong. At least for canada, the decline had nothing to do with any late fees and, in my opinion as a renter and employee, the late fees were pretty reasonable. $1.95 if it was two weeks late, cost of the movie if it was more then 30 days late, that's less then out local library charges. What really made blockbuster stop operating is that the "no more late fees" promotion lead to popular new releases being out of stock all the time, which drove regulars away (and the people who only came time to time got super frustrated) leading to less and less transactions. Next came the era of on demand and torrents. Internet speeds became readily available for cheaper and I know a lot of my tech savvy friends started to torrent movies. The other big this was our cable providers started offering movie rentals that came out the same day as blockbuster for basically the same price on ppv. At this point we could barely schedule managers because our transactions were so low per week. So blockbuster added a cheaper rental option if you returned movies earlier but would charge you late fees if it was late (at this point the no more late fees option existed if you told them you wanted a week, was really stupid and confusing no one understood it).  It was supposed to help get movies in stock and lower our costs to compete, but mostly it just pissed people off because it confused them. This was about the time netflix started getting decent movies. Now people had three different ways to get movies without ever leaving home (not counting video games where you could rent them), and blockbuster confused them and rarely had new movies in stock. Our weekly transactions continued to get smaller and smaller until "slow" stores started to close, and then all stores did so BBV could regain some money to pay off debts owed by it's parent corporation (canada BBV was a child company of BBV is us) and the rest is history.
1	When you play support, you're trying to be as aggressive as possible without getting out of position.  This means that you will likely be positioned slightly in front of your ADC, especially if you're ranged and they're not Blitz/Leona.  Note that this goes for both sides, so the supports will be closer to each other than to the ADCs, and so they will be focusing a lot of their harass on each other.  This does not mean that Lulu should burn her W on the enemy Sona, but it definitely does mean that Sona should burn her Q + Qchord on the enemy Janna, even if a lot of that damage is reduced by the shield (at early levels; later, she stops being able to 1shot the shield).  Yes, of course you would rather attack the enemy ADC, but the only way that you will be able to is if either you are running up with your support to allin (or to push them off, but remember that running up can easily result in an allin so make sure you're ready for that) or if the enemy support sucks.
1	The most irritating thing about suddenly being on purple side after only bot games is the locked camera.   On blue side you can kep your thumb on the spacebar pretty much during the entire laningphase. On purple you cant since "centering" the screen on your champ actually shows way more of the area that is to the north of your champ. Cant really explain it, just wish it would actually center it, or even better, make spacebar fix the champions x/y position on the screen when you hold it down. Unless your champ is off screen of course.   I would love for somebody who understands what I mean to put it in more understandable words. Somebody whos native language is english preferably.
1	I'm not sure what kind of immunity you mean. If you mean legally, it's the 1st amendment of the US Constitution.   If it's a social one, as in immune to being condemned and shunned by the community, it's because society in general is more accepting of "rascism" when it comes from a minority, if a white streamer did things like that, it would be less accepted. That being said, I still don't think that he would really get the criticism you're looking for either because:   I don't really see anything wrong with what he did.  Poking fun at a certain region's accent (no matter your race, the region you live your life in determines your accent for the most part) isn't hateful in my mind, it's entertaining.  There will always be a butt-end of a joke, it's just how you react to it.   The second thing is a "racial slur" which can be hateful/offensive, but it's all in the tone. He was obviously joking and wasn't implying that his was the master-race and superior to the various racial backgrounds of the competitors at Worlds.
1	If we are discussing about Quinn's performance in normal games, then we've reached the end of our conversation. If it is the other way around (ranked), then you should pick her against the teams made out of the champions you've listed. That's when she really shines. Just like Vayne & Kog'Maw are good against HP stackers. I'm pretty sure that each of us are accustomed to high risk, high reward champions. Quinn could definitely be labelled as one. She might need some ratio changes here and there, but she is good.  Something else concerns me. Despite the fact that she is somewhat new, her texture is not in line with other champions. I think they should brighten up her human form a little. I really love her Phoenix Skin. Anyways, I would like to know why cannot she turn into Valor whenever she wants (similar to Nidalee's cougar form). I feel like her ultimate CD is quite high.
0	This\^\^ - Story time.   I learned this because one of my friends had an unfortunate accident in the dorms.   He had a couch that was a monster of a static producer. Every time your ass touched it, you basically became a human van de graaff generator. He routinely shot 4-6" sparks every time he reached for a doorknob.   One particularly cold, dry day he was watching a movie with his door open so people could come and go. After a bit of indulgence in some soda, he had to pop up to go to the bathroom. He walked out the door and on this fateful day, he was unlucky enough to meet someone at the bathroom door who held it open for him.   There he was, un-grounded and unzipped at the urinal. From my room, I heard what can only be described as one of the most blood-curdling screams I have ever heard.   Apparently the spark that shot between the water in the toilet and his... fun bits... was around 8" long so the rough estimation is around a 100,000 volt discharge.   That scream still echos in my head to this day.
0	People need to be more aware of what they are purchasing... Standard blu-ray and dual layers are giving so much space that mastering engineers are now able to send uncompressed audio to be rendered in the film (rather than what we would hear in say... a DVD or television)... it is a BLESSING, audiophiles rejoice when you get what is called Dynamic Range...   Dynamic range is part of what makes you love the solos by pink floyd on your vinyl more than the radio... why you jump in the theater watching Paranormal Activity ... I, for one, am stoked that my sound system now feels more like an at-home theater system, and you should be too! (also, a lot of blu-ray players will let you adjust your limiting... I suggest you try it)   Also, please don't confuse this argument with that of what commercials do... they use a limiter to max the audio out so when you get up and leave the room it's still loud enough that you hear it while grinding coffee in the kitchen.... it became illegal in 2011, but nobody has hired anyone to watch over it... so it's just another bill/law congress is clueless about
0	First of all, I'm a 20-year-old student who lives with his mother and siblings. My mother is the one who pays for the internet and all four of us use it.   Second, why should I have cancelled it to give more when I already give enough for the things we need?   Third, I'm not saying people should give up entertainment and hobbies, I'm saying we shouldn't spend fucking fortunes on it when other people really fucking needs it. We're not paying 100,000 dollars per month for our connection here, Internet is something 40% of the world have at this point. It's not only for the 1%.
0	Think of it this way.   A woman portrays herself as masculine (man-like)- she's viewed as normal.   A man portrays himself as feminine (woman-like)- he's viewed as a freak for wanting to exchange his manliness for femininity.   There's a whole subtext of how (American, at least) society loves to bifurcate into black and white situations. There's always the most obvious ones- conservative/liberal, male/female, dark/light, etc. But what many people don't consciously realize is that we also take to this to a deeper level with our categorizations of things as either "normal", or "other". Normal obviously applies to things that we encounter and rely on as the standard in every day life, while "other" applies to everything else. Oftentimes, "the other" can be viewed as foreign or exotic, or even dangerous due to the unknown. The other is also oftentimes subjugated due to its non-baseline status.   But getting back to the point, we tend to view masculinity as normal, and femininity as "the other", which is really well exemplified by OPs experience. When a woman makes herself more like the normal, "good" thing (that being basic, everyday masculinity. Examples such as "what about formalwear?" don't really apply as much because even for a man, formalwear in a casual context is odd.), she goes unnoticed, or even praised. But when a man diverges towards "the other", it is viewed as a threat towards normalcy.   This is a super simplified example, and there are plenty of counterarguments circulating about the various perceived vs. actual "worths" of different gender-associated roles in society, the strict definitions of gender roles, etc. etc. It's a whole tangled, convoluted issue thats difficult to even begin to address. But nonetheless, I guess I spewed out that huge chunk of text up there to try to explain why (even though people like to argue otherwise) this in itself is a feminist issue. And even beyond trying to question and possibly change "normalcy", this is also entirely a men's issue as well, where the feminist goal is to also give that degree of freedom of gender expression without it being looked down on.   I'm sure that was terribly disjointed stream of consciousness and blah blah but I'm feeling too lazy to reread and edit.
1	The only champs I find that really benefit from rageblade are Nidalee and to a lesser extent Ezreal. Nidalee unlike Ashe Udyr and Akali has the ability to constantly spam abilities to keep the stacks up even when minions aren't around. Ashe has literally no need for ability power and therefore no need for rageblade. Udyr should only be built either tanky or dps, neither benefit from ability power so again its a waste. Akali does benefit from both ability power and ad but is doing her job wrong if she is staying combat long enough to build meaningful stacks.
1	Here are my thoughts. I't must be Evelynn, her primary role is an assassin. Her passive makes her "Hide". The S is for sins Evelynn represents Wrath as one of the Seven deadly sins. The J is for jungle because she is a jungler who is really good and is seeing alot of play. But I'm still not sure what the  6 is for can you help me out? She also lacks skins only 2 to buy. Also the statement on op.gg facebook was tweeted by a member of riot but quickly deleted it after posted. Please give me your thoughts on who is getting the skin
1	I doubt you will be rushing BT now, especially on Corki and Lucian who get so much out of Trinity rush :     BT isn't even gold efficient on the stats which means you don't get a stat spike when you finish it and there is no stacking spike either for lane snowball   As you've said the shield is small especially early game, so not worth rushing     Lifesteal on Dorans means 2 dorans + vamp will be enough LS (14% LS)     I think standard builds will go 2 dorans -> vamp if you need it -> Trinity for Trinity ADC. Then I think IE will be most DPS and then something like BotRK.   I think you underestimate the new BotRK as a DPS item, the 8% current HP on-hit will make smashing tanks early on much easier, especially with Randuin's nerf - I think it will be much more popular than BT, you will just keep doran blades for LS untill late game then you will maybe pick up BT as second LS item like you said.
0	I feel like the Catholic church's views were never really controversial. It was just the Vatican's treatment of issues (and pushing for legislation) that made it seem so bad.   For instance, I feel like the Catholic view on gay marriage is perfectly reasonable: any sex outside of a Catholic marriage or having sex without being open to having a child is wrong. And a Catholic marriage can only be between a man and a woman.   Defining a "Catholic marriage" isn't taking away anyone's rights. Besides, with this definition, having any type of sex outside of marriage or even using a condom is considered wrong.   It's fine if people believe that using birth control/condoms is wrong. It's fine if they believe gay marriage is wrong. It only becomes a problem when it starts impeding on peoples rights: when the Catholic church goes out of its way to make sure people know certain issues are wrong and actively pushes for legislation.   I don't really care what the Catholic church says about condoms but if they start pushing for legislation to make condoms illegal there's something wrong. Same with gay marriage: I don't care what the church says about it but I get mad when they try to make/keep it illegal.     And I think this is why Pope Francis is seen as such a good guy: he's not changing beliefs, especially with controversial issues. He's just changing their emphasis and how they should be "enforced" upon other people.
1	With that mindset, you won't get far. Saving your teammate means that the opposing team won't get a kill and the game isn't only your 1v1 top, it will eventually lead to the team fights where that mid who got the kill and snowballed because you were selfish can melt you. I remember having teammates with global ults that could have saved me or some of the other teammates but who refused to do so, just because they said that they are saving them for themselves. I simply hated them.
1	I always find it funny that they keep spewing the statistics "toxic players lose xyz more games on average".   Well congratulations, but you want to know why that is? You don't curse and rage at your teammates when you are winning games.   One thing I have learned with statistics classes, is that you can use the data to say anything you want if you focus on only one piece of the puzzle.   So Riot trying to say that the secret to winning games is not being toxic is incorrect. I appreciate that they are trying to pull one over on naive people, and at least encouraging people to stop being toxic.
1	He has so much similarities with alot of champion with his summons global snipes karthus like wall and many other skills.   But I'd say hes more so the orianna of dota but more complex(plz no hate I play league more but hes 100% the hardest champ/hero out of the two games)   Incredibly high skill cap.   strong late game.   A skil(invokers fire orb)/passive(oriana's default passive) to passively help auto/harass.   The movement abilities of each   and the aoe wombo( oriannas qrw) (invokers chaos meteor + defeaning blast)
0	Rogers called me the other day and tried to sell me a $5 add on to my cell plan that would reduce the amount it costs per minute to call long distance or out of country. I never call anybody out of the country ever, or at least I haven't in years. I don't plan on it either.   I told the girl this and she insisted I would be saving a bunch of money with this new add-on to my plan...which is an extra $5 a month. I had to explain to her pretty well that I never call long distance so I wouldn't be saving any money at all. She tried to add in...."well, for the rare time you will call long distance this plan will greatly help".   I had to make it verrrry clear I didn't want the add-on, explaining that even if I do make a long distance call once or twice it wouldn't even compare to having to pay an extra $5 a month.   Even at the end of the conversation, she said, "So, we'll be adding this onto your bill for you. You will be saving."   They've been trying to contact me for like weeks but I kept ducking the number because I didn't know who it was, plus they never left me a voice mail letting me know. When I picked up the phone and she told me how glad she was to finally get in contact with me I thought it would be way more important than what it was.....   Not to make a huge complaint about Rogers or anything though, this is the first time they've tried to sell me something like that. If I made out of country calls all the time I WOULD be saving money, but I don't.   Edit: It's her job to sell hard, I get that. I'm just giving an example of what I experienced.
1	This was a very good read and I used to feel the same way when I started playing last May/late April. Just in time for Dreamhack and a week where I was house sitting for some folks with bitching internet. Watched almost every match in the tournament, obsessed over every little thing, got pumped for Yorick and a week later I bought about 100 bucks of RP to buy one of those champ packs and rune page bundles.   By that August I had finally slowed down. Not really playing on my own, but only when my buddy was online. It wasn't worth the headache when I didn't know I had at least one solid (semi-solid, he does some stupid shit now and again) player to stand with me.   Now I only play when one of my friends are on. Its still fun, but the pressure isn't as crushing. Its fun.   I still got pissed about AFKs, trolls, and fucking stupids though. Eventually, I started taking some of the advice you see thrown around Reddit now and again and trying to stay calm. It really does help, even though its hard to do sometimes.   Had this one game a few weeks back where I was Lee Sin jungle. Udyr top, some AP mid (maybe Ziggs?), and JAX/ANIVIA bot lane! Originally, Jax was going to be top, Ziggs mid, me jungle, and Ez/Raka bot lane, but at the last second they locked in Udyr/Aniv. Aniv rushed bot and Udyr top and so it was done! At first I asked my friend what the fuck they were doing and he responded with, "BEING GODDAMN FUCKING ASSHOLES IS WHAT THE FUCK THEY'RE DOING". And, yea, assholes they were. I had some solid ganks early, but shortly after died in an ill-fated gank where the Udyr peaced out. That caused both the Udyr and the Anivia to start trashing me the whole game. Even after making big plays, these dudes talked shit. "You're fucking trash." "Fuck you're retarded." But...   I didn't get mad. I laughed it off, tossed some bros their way, and it sorted of didn't touch me. They were still huge dicks, even after we won (I called for Baron and went beast mode for a bit, previous game we almost won a 4v5 because of my awesome Lee Sinnin' so I was feeling confident).   Despite their dickery, I felt good about the game. My buddy still gets mad when people don't follow the meta, but I've been able to calm down about the game. I tell him to calm down and it'll be easier, but he's sort of excitable about shit and isn't interested in doing so.   I guess my point is this: you'll make some sort of peace after playing the game for a bit. Its good that you and your boyfriend have that "us against the world" mentality. It'll help for a bit. Its okay to be mean for a while. You gotta get that shit out of your system. Eventually, you'll realize being nice (or at the very least NOT super mean) will stop some of the trolls from trolling too hard, though not all of them. It'll become a game where you can have fun even during a loss, but you gotta be willing to learn from the losses. If you view them as just a waste of time then you'll start getting angry again.
1	I think Shyvana is fine, If anything her playstyle is making her weak (In this meta atleast) realistically speaking almost every in meta top laner can kite the mess out of her and be waaaay more impactful throughout the game (LuLu and Ryze) and if its not champions beating her through kiting in lane, Champions like Maokai and Mundo are much better in meta picks and provide more utility to a team comp, Maokai beacuse, well you know pressing R..... , and Mundo beacuase of his disengage and his pick off perma slow Q
0	This happened to me in middle school, eighth grade I think. It was teacher who I didn't have, yet from our various encounters I knew he didn't like me.  Not sure why... I was actually a very good kid.  Anyway, it's AFTER school, and I had just witnessed him take another student's phone away in the hallway as they were leaving. I was angry because I knew the school rules in our handbook explicitly stated: "No cell phones during school hours" and that "school hours were from 7:35 to 2:35."  I was like "bitch, it's 2:40." I took my phone out, walked right by him to get a reaction. Naturally he stops me and tries to take my phone. I say no. He insists that he must take it. I insist that he cannot. I pull out my assignment book (which has all the school policies) and show him the rule.  He says its wrong and he tries to grab the phone from my hands, but I don't let go. Eventually it's him and I staring at each other while both holding the phone. He won't let me leave with my phone. Sooner or later I end up giving it to him because I was going to miss my bus if I stayed longer. The next day I went to retrieve my phone from the Vice Principle and he yells at me for disrespecting a teacher and I get an after school detention. I explain that by the rules he was not in the right to take my phone away.  That didn't matter.  Fuck you Mr. Gubanich.
0	When I was in eighth grade I was taking algebra and had a teacher who would always get mad at me because I didn't understand some of the concepts. One day near the end of the year, he told me to come outside and I was confused. He told me "Get your shit togther, you are a stupid ass kid. You probably don't have a future, blah blah blah" I zoned out because the first line really got me. All I wanted to do was just punch him in the face. Then I eventually filed a report in the office. He denied it. Then he told them I cussed him out. I got kicked out of his class.
1	Most champions have problems in lane against Nasus. I am only in Bronze, so I don't have a lot of experience in ranked, but I specifically made a lot of 1v1 tests with my brother to find a champions that does well against the dog.   Until now, it seems like almost every champion has problems, because you can simply buy a flask and outsustain almost anyone with Nasus. What I found out: The best bets against Nasus are champions like Renekton, Riven and especially  Zed .   Zed is almost perfect against Nasus, because     he doesn't rely on mana (infinite harassment) ,   he can harass Nasus from afar,   he can deal enough damage to create a kill potential (Botrk),   he has an escape mechanism that helps him against Wither+Ganks.
1	I remember the first time i got my acc to lvl 30, i was googling how should i start play rank and most of people said something like : "You need 2 different champs in meta for every role and rune page with full set of runes for every role you play" , so here comes the math, for 2 champs in meta for every role you prolly get 10k x 5 roles, and for runes, lets say 3 sets (ad and adc in one, jungle tank in one and ap in one too) that will cost 6300 for rune page and s*it ton of ip for runes, so it is suggested not to play ranked for a year till you collect full set...
1	Every single post with some fanart has "HIRE THIS MAN/WOMAN"!!   Guys, it takes a lot more to be an artist at Riot than just sketching or producing a splash for a champion. You need to be able to handle animating and modelling as well. You're also competing for a job with incumbent legends like IronStylus, who is completely irreplaceable.
1	There are multiple problems with Wriggles that makes it sub-optimal for jungling on Volibear. The first is the cost of the item for the combat stats it gives (20 armor, 25% attack speed). The upfront cost is 1650 gold, so in take advantage of the item, you must first get that much gold in order to start powerfarming the jungle.   I haven't done the math on this, but it was done by someone on Reddit when the jungle items were reworked.  Once  you get the lantern, you must powerfarm the jungle for around 15-20 minutes in order for the extra gold to make up for the lack of stats on the item. Because of the nature of its passive, you have to powerfarm as if you were Master Yi in order to take full advantage of it. Since Volibear is a gank-heavy jungle, this is not very good for him.   The second problem with Wriggles on Volibear is the function and purpose of the item. Like I stated above, Volibear is a ganking jungler, not a farming jungler like Master Yi, Tryndamere, Karthus etc. When you gank a lane, you lose potential gold earned from the item and make it an even less worthwhile purchase. Meanwhile on the three Spirit items, you get bonus gold for clearing a camp based on the time since you cleared your last one. This means that you aren't punished for ganking or dueling the enemy jungler in between camps, and you can do all of the other jungler duties while maximizing the efficiency of your item.   Additionally, the stats that the item gives are not as good on Volibear as Spirit of the Ancient Golem, the better item for him. Wriggles gives him a little bit of attack speed and armor, which slightly helps in combat, but the  main benefit  is the maim passive, which  helps you clear the jungle much more quickly . Like I said, Volibear does not need to clear very fast, so it is not that important.   The Ancient Golem, on the other hand, gives health, which is either the best or the second-best (to movement speed) stat on Voli because his passive and bite both scale well off of it. Health is so good on Volibear that people like Trick2g actually stack giant's belts on him before completing them into final items. It also gives tenacity and cooldown reduction, which are both helpful for ganking and killing enemy champions. Finally, the Ancient Golem also helps Volibear clear camps more quickly, although it is not quite as fast as Wriggles.
1	well its kinda true, at some elos (even at gold and higher) there are always people that prefer farm and kills over objectives. whiiiiiiich caaaaaan f*ck up a game sometimes. I think its partly because the pros farm really well. they don't understand when the point switches from "just farming" to "taking tower/dragon before going back to farming". (not that I'm better at it. I sometimes go tunnelvision and sleep through an objective xD)
1	I feel pretty good about the Tribunal, actually. I think there was a noticeable improvement in high level games after it was implemented. The worst I usually see these days playing on a level 30 account with a decent amount of Elo in both normal and ranked is a lot of "omg report x" and "omg x feeding report please" followed by the inevitable "bg 1v9". And if anyone else is being any worse, they're usually reported by 4-5 people in the game. However, I think one big unfortunate side effect of the tribunal is that lower level games may have gotten a lot worse. When I play on my smurf account, the people are absolutely awful, although it is possible that it always was that way and I just don't remember it.   As for the judgments of the Tribunal, I feel that they're generally pretty harsh. I usually, in 15 cases give out 12 punishes, 2 pardons, and a skip and when I get the email telling me how many cases I got "right" it's almost always 12. However, I don't believe that sob-stories about unfair punishment from the Tribunal either; I think I'm just a little more sympathetic sometimes and let people off who shouldn't be let off.   Also, f2p team games will always have the potential to be pretty toxic in-game environments. I would say LoL at its worst (the period right before the Tribunal was implemented) was about equally bad as WC3 DotA pub games, f2p Korean MMORPGs, and certain CS:S servers for example. However, I feel that since the Tribunal was implemented, LoL hasn't been nearly as bad as these other f2p (f2pish for CS:S) games.   As for Starcraft, as a long-time member of TL (BW, son), the community has always been pretty mature by internet standards (not the subreddit though...), but was a lot more crass before the enormous influx of new members from Star2. People called each other things like "faggot" pretty casually in the BW days, but not usually in a ragey sort of way, so it was both mature and immature at the same time. The Iccup ladders, I hear, could be pretty bad though both in terms of crassness and rage. Star2 has really "mainstreamified" the SC community, especially with the enormous growth of eSports in the west and I feel that the community as a whole has become both less crass and less mature with all of the bandwagoning, balance whine, and witchhunts. So the SC community remains both mature and immature at the same time, but is still pretty good for an internet gaming community.
1	Please lets all take into account that displacement Vs CC  was always a buggy thing, flash/dash in suppression or stun always caused to be affected by the CC at the end of the dash. In this case, when yasuo ulted, the cc was calculated  before  they spreaded out causing all of them to be affected. Sometimes when i ult with yasuo, someone literally besides me doesnt not get affected, so i can confirm the opposite can happen.
1	I fail to see how putting this simple phrase is destroying the character with all the other improvements they are putting together. If they are really going to listen to the people most of then wouldn't care a little bit about the taunt. Just because a few people decided to be vocal about it doesn't exactly means that you're the majority.   If BRTT was really toxic to the point of being detrimental to the game Riot would just ban him as evidence wouldn't be lacking. He is just abuses this kind of stereotype of the "Taunting" guy and will taunt whenever possible just to catch some attention and that is why he is one of the biggest players in BR. Funny thing that you mentioned DoubleLift because he does exactly the same thing. It's a show.   About Riot BR. They do screw over sometimes (replay is dead for a long time here) but those initiatives are really something cool and the references that they manage to put on those voice overs don't affect the game in any way other than making you have a little laugh once in a while. All of those are really the only reason I keep my game in pt-br. Do you really want then to stop doing these kind of things and just translate stuff as is?   In the end of the day if you think that this single phrase is ruining the character you can just switch your game to english and enjoy the glory of the original content.
1	that's hilarious bc i just played a game where i didn't ban malphite right bc everybody knows there are much higher priority bans. So this guy flames that i didn't ban malphite, then picks zed instead of an ap champ. then he proceeds to die to malphite and those are malph's only two kills in the whole game. meanwhile i go 8-2 as graves and rape malphite and the rest of his team. at the end of the game zed says he was the best on our team and hopes i learn to ban malphite bc he's so op.
1	I think removing the promotion series would be lovely, All it does is it causes more stress and makes you feel like you've accomplished nothing after winning your 2 games in a row! Basically what that means is when you are playing those 2 games, if you win the two you don't feel an accomplishment that is even comparable to ranking up a division because you start at the bottom again and you are still in the same rank. I feel that keeping promotion series between ranks is necessary, otherwise we can just go back to the elo system. The new system made climbing ranked harder but stopped massive losing streaks from effecting your gameplay to hard so here is how I think the system should work:
0	Hmm. >Became a tree   And >Puked brains   I could believe that  either  a tree  or  a brains-eating zombie (which would logically puke up brains after nearly drowning) would post on reddit. But a zombie that's also a tree? I'm beginning to suspect that this story might not be entirely accurate.
1	Have you ever come to realise that Reddit is not one personality and there can be such a thing as two people having two different opinions?   The people who hated Hotshot still hate him and are probably going good riddance, where as the CLG supporters are still there and making an appreciation thread?
0	Because in this situation i assume they are probably younger. Mid-20s probably the latest. Your right if both my friends and sister were in their 40s then i couldn't care less what their relationship is. But generally these type of feelings arise when your sister is significantly younger than your friends. In this situation its easy to feel they were taking advantage of her.   Additionally it is a measure of worth. By engaging in a relationship with my sister my friend is essentially putting my friendship second to feeling towards my sister (wether that be lust or love). Now every time you want to hang out with your friend you now need to keep in mind they are in a relationship with your sister and hence possibly censor any complaints/frustrations about her.   Plus you know how your friends and guys in general are. Your friends especially probably let you know all the messed up thing they have done (at on point or another we have all made poor decesions regarding the oppisite sex) to women, intentionally or otherwise. And it is only natural to want to protect your loved ones (your sinling in this case) from such.   Finally, there are people who all they will be able to think about is that their friend is sleeping with their sister. Now this is incredably immature outlook but it does exist.
0	Tips incentivise good waiting in both cases. If you know that doing your job well will result in a tip then you have a reason to try harder.   The difference is that in North America, the tip is the default stance and it is taken away in the face of poor service. In Britain (where I'm from) the default stance is you pay the price on the menu and you tip for good service.   At minimum, waiters should be paid enough to live reasonably. They should never have to rely on your tips to survive, no matter how bad at their job they are. Use tips as a way to reward good service by all means, but as soon as it is a crutch on which service staff have to lean, there's a problem.
1	I actually love that you brought him up. The pick isn't some "hot list" champ that skyrockets in popularity after Koreans play them in a certain role/way. As long as you maintain situational awareness in fights, he provides a decent amount of cc and, like you mentioned, has that great sustain in the jungle. Also, very good timing for this segment as now I notice many more people trying to learn how to jungle after the jungle items changes made it much more pleasurable in general.
1	What's the point to having a damage threat when you already have a sufficient amount of damage threats? It's like investing all your marbles into offense, when you also need a defense. CLG previously made Doublelift their sole damage dealer, but changed when the "old guard" (hotshotgg and chauster) left. Previously CLG would play the classic "protect the doublelift comp", but now they have changed. Now you see Dexter, Link, and at times Aphromoo as damage dealers in addition to Doublelift.   The League community has this misconception that because Seraph is Korean and he stomps in NA solo queue, he is some god and that he only has bad stats on paper because CLG is "holding him back" from his true potential. If you think about it, in league if you run a squishier comp with no true tank, you usually win if you snowball/have an marginal lead around mid game. However, if a team with more damage threats plays against a more "standard" team with a balanced amount of damage threats and tanks (eg CLG [tank top, bruiser jungle, offensive/utility mid, strong ad, and support]) and the more offensive oriented team goes even, has a small deficit, or has a small lead with both teams fighting 5v5 in a mid game team fight around Dragon, the more balanced team will win simply due to their front line's damage soaking capability compared to the offensive team's. On the contrary, I can see the more offensive team winning if they were to 1. execute their team fights as smaller spread out fights or 2. they escape the team fight living with a sliver of HP.   Hypothetically, even if CLG were choose a very offensive oriented top laner, the risk is much higher than the reward. Clearly, a lot of enemy junglers focus(ed) a lot of their attention on top lane when playing against CLG, so if Seraph were to choose Nidalee and get camped his damage would be lack luster compared to enemy team's top laner. Now I know what you're thinking, "Dexter can just help Seraph by initiating a gank of his own or counter ganking; however, CLG is known for being more objective focused when they can be. In these situations that Seraph picks an offensive top laner, the enemy jungler will obviously think "Ok Seraph picked an offensive top laner which means he wants to win lane, so Dexter will either 1. Gank for him 2. Counter gank or 3. Wait for me to show and get a free drag." All of these situations are not optimal for CLG. In the first situation, given the right ward coverage by the enemy jungler, they can see Dexter going top, and try to get a free early drag because the jungler is top. 2. If Dexter is looking to counter gank, GENERALLY the enemy jungler will know the counter gank is coming, therefore the enemy jungler can go down to bot side jungle and attempt for a free drag. 3. CLG gets a free drag, BUT Seraph dies thus putting him behind. In addition, with a more offensive champion, Seraph will be even farther behind because he has two responsibilities on the team which are soaking some damage & outputting more damage compared to a tank who's sole purpose is to soak up damage.   Out of the 19 post games stats I looked at, CLG won a total of 12 games. They won a total of 4 games with Seraph on a either a more offensive carry like Lulu, Jax, Ryze, or a bruiser going offensive item(s) like Renekton. However, in 2 of those 4 games, there was another damage soaker such as Dexter going full tank Elise except for sorc boots (He went Sorcs, spirit golem, and locket on Elise) or Aphromoo on Braum (Braum is innately a damage soaker with his shield.)   On the other hand they lost 4 games where Seraph went an offensive champion with Dexter going a bruiser champion such as Jarvan, Lee sin, or Vi and Aphromoo going a squisher support such as Morgana, Nami, or Thresh.   CLG won a total of 8 games where Seraph went built full tank on champions such as Shyvana with Dexter going a bruiser champion and Aphromoo going Morgana, Thresh, or Nami. They lost a total of 3 games of those 19 games where Seraph built full tank on Shyvana with Dexter going a bruiser champion and Aphromoo going Morgana, Thresh, or Nami.   It's pretty obvious why CLG doesn't play these more offensive oriented champions, because their forte is in the standard set up of having a true tank, a jungler who can build tanky after building one offensive item (2 in the case of Vi) and still output a good amount of damage while soaking damage, a strong offensive mid or a utility based mid, a strong meta ad, and a meta support.
0	Just keep doing what you are doing man. There are a lot of people that see you and think good for that guy for fuck sakes.. and im one of them. You just don't hear from us because we feel like it would be rude to go up to someone and say hey good work im proud of you.
0	I'm sorry but this is actually a terrible idea. Engine braking will never lock the wheels up, yes, but driveline drag or the shock to the wheels if you're not careful on your downshift can be enough to break traction. Ultimately it doesn't matter if you use the brakes or if you use the engine: the issue isn't slowing the wheel speed down so much as it is keeping the wheels from breaking loose.   Threshold braking is a much better idea because it always takes traction in to account. If you take a little time to find the slip point in bad weather, you should be able to get a good feel of when you still have traction and when you don't, and adjust accordingly.
1	In the end... I learned only one lesson from this "chat restriction"... Don't type in chat at all because regardless of what you say you will be reported.     Curse words..... even though a filter fucking exist... doesn't matter get ban/restricted   Constructive criticism.... doesn't matter... even though most people learn from their mistakes when they are addressed if you call someone out on a mistake you will be reported.
1	Recently the sub has been reminiscent of WoW's forums after a patch. Patch days in the WoW forums were pretty much a cluster of hate/rage/angts/crying...it's so pretty much the Holocaust...literally the holocaust of forum chat...
1	Well you get better by trying to understand why you lost and when you do change your game accordingly: also learn from your mistakes and try to look at what pros do and try to understand why they do the things they do also try working on your mechanical skills (helps alot to play champs with big outplay potential) so you can just win almost any lane match up. For the record bronze v doesnt really have very good mechanical players so you can 90% of the time win by just being mechanically better. And lastly try to look at builds pros do bronzes often build stupid items (dont know about you but i know afew of my friends do it often).
1	Okay man. I don't understand why you have a hard on for XJ9. I'm not going to write any more essays over a piece of shit like him just because you seem to have a spiritual "problem child" connection with him.   Destiny wrecked him because he was trying to have a logical conversation, but XJ9 is a psychopath and he has zero empathy or regret for his actions. He wasn't fucking trolling, cut that bullshit out. He couldn't understand how what he did was wrong. That is a serious problem. If he accepted that what he did was fucked up, I could sympathize, but he clearly doesn't. Ever since he was banned, he never ever sincerely considered his actions wrong and ALWAYS tries to come off as the victim in this situation. If given the chance he would 100% act up again, and I'd rather not be playing a game with volatile players like him. He hacked accounts, sent death threats which were proven to be him (they were proven, so stop with the "we have no proof" idiotic argument sympathizers are throwing around) fucked up ranked games over a personal vendetta he had against his girl. Just the fact that you're saying XJ9 isn't a toxic person shows me you have some fucked up connection with him. Riot has all the evidence they needed to ban him. He should stay banned, and I'm glad he is.
0	It's a long story. My best girl friend from high school (I'm a guy) was losing her place around christmas and needed a place to stay, so she moved in. We were always fine, or at least it seemed. She was never late with rent or anything and always pitched in for food and whatnot for the house.   But, she didn't clean. Her floor had to be black with dog hair before she'd sweep it. Empty the trash? No. That's a guy's job.  What's a dishwasher?  I'm going to turn on the air conditioner with all the other windows open!   It got old. Quick.   She had a dog too. The dog hated me, for no reason I swear. I have never abused it, ever. I had tried for the 8 months she had been living with me to get the dog to warm up to me, but she wouldn't. She loved Mumma and that was it, nobody else.   About a month and a half ago, we throw her a huge birthday party at our mutual friend's house. HUGE. Vodka watermelon and gummies, jello shots, a fire, a pool, everything. It was probably the best birthday party I've been to. Between everyone, we must have spent $400 getting this party together for her. We invited all our friends (there's about 15 of us all together, its an awesome group!) and everyone had a great night.   That night, she met a guy. And you know, did things. You would expect this, everyone's drunk and makes mistakes and whatever. Well, after that night, she starts leaving for the night to go hang with this guy. I don't say anything for about a week. I figured she made a new friend and they really hit it off. No big deal.   This goes on for a month and a half.   One day, she gets up, and sits at the kitchen table. I get up and start getting ready for work. As I'm about to leave, she gets up and walks out behind me. I assume she wants a ride to work, so I take her (without her even asking, might I add. I felt that was rude of her to just ASSUME) to work.   She gets out of the car and says, "I'm going to need a ride home at 10."   I tell her, "I've been working 6 days straight. I honestly may pass out early tonight. Find someone else to get you because I can't guarantee I'll be awake that long."   She looks at me and says, "No, I'll need a ride home at 10. I'll see you then."   EXCUSE ME?   I'd had it. Fuck that attitude. I had been doing EVERYTHING for her and not asked for anything in return, and this is how I get treated? Noooooo.   So what did I do? I went home from work and went straight to bed!   I finally had to say something to her. Her attitude was atrocious and she didn't seem to care that her dog wouldn't eat, drink, go to the bathroom, sleep, or leave her cage unless she was home. The look on this dog's face was awful. You could tell she was depressed, and she wanted nothing to do with me, so I couldn't help her.   I left her a note (because she would go out all night, and come home at 6am) one morning for her to read when she got up and it basically told her she had 3 options:   1) She needed to be home at night to take care of the dog. The dog was clearly having some sort of issue, but she didn't seem to care.  2) She needed to give the dog to someone who could take adequate care of her. 3) She needed to move out. I wasn't going to be her dog sitter and storage facility.   She wrote me a response that was pretty kind, and raised some questions in me. She said the reason she had been out all the time is that I never made it feel like "our" place. She felt trapped, and that she had to be stuck in her room when I had people over.   This is ridiculous. We have the same friends (remember, the group of 15) and we all hang out together. There's no reason she has to be stuck in her room when people are over.   How could this not be our place? Half of her old place is in storage in my house. We both decided we wanted a chalkboard wall in the kitchen. We both hosted parties at the house. We did groceries together and planned meals together for dinner. We rode to work in the morning together (she never helped for gas, either. But that's a touchy issue for some).   She went on to say that she appreciated me giving her a place to stay and that she would be gone sometime early in the following week, which was fine. I didn't want to start drama because I really didn't want to chance losing our friendship.   Fast forward to the following day. She comes home shortly after I return from work, and everything seems fine. A little uneasy at first, but fine. We start talking about it, and we decide that this is definitely better for the two of us.   The following day, I go to work. She hadn't come home (again) the previous night so I asked her when she was going to start packing her belongings. She doesn't respond. So I text her again a few hours later, and suddenly, her mom's calling me.   What?   "Why are you bugging her at work?! We said she'd be out by early next week! We don't have a truck to move the big stuff because mine's not stickered!"   Why is she having her mother call me? I was just curious when she was getting her stuff out. I didn't want to become a storage facility, seeing she never came home. When would she actually start packing? And your truck isn't stickered? How is that my problem?   Keep in mind she called me at work.   We agree that in a couple days, all of her stuff will be out.   Yesterday, I'm hanging out with a buddy of mine playing playstation, and she comes in with a couple of friends and her mother and start moving belongings out. Nobody says a word to us. We leave them alone (again, not trying to start problems) and go about our thing. They were taking a good chunk of her stuff out, so I figured they were moving everything that day.   "When you leave, can I have the key since you're moving out?" "I'll give you the key when I have everything out." "Yeah, that's today. Can you please leave me the key when you leave with your stuff?" "I'll give you the key when I have everything out."   And then, suddenly, a wild Momasaurus Rex appears.   "WHY ARE YOU BEING SUCH AN ASSHOLE TO HER? WE SAID IN THE NEXT COUPLE DAYS NOT TODAY! WHY CAN'T WE KEEP THE KEY UNTIL WE HAVE ALL THE STUFF OUT? WHAT, DO YOU THINK SHE'S GOING TO ROB YOU? IF YOU THINK THAT, YOU'VE GOT SOME FUCKING TRUST ISSUES BUDDY!"   I've had enough. I stopped talking, and let them go about their business. I honestly hate confrontation, and i'd rather walk away from it and let them do their thing. Out of sight, out of mind. They left for the day with most of her stuff. She left behind a couch, a deep fryer, and some little things.   Today, she came back for the little things and the deep fryer, but leaves the couch in my spare room and leaves me a note on the table. She demands a towel that I used and misplaced be returned, and she will hold my house key until I return it.   ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME? A TOWEL?   I can't believe a towel is going to keep me from getting my key back. After everything this girl as done.   I went over to her new place (she's living with the guy she met at her birthday while she was wasted) and got my key back. I told her I was sorry for the way things turned out, and that was that.   I pride myself in being calm, and I was calm throughout this whole ordeal with them (her and her mother). Never once did I raise my voice, and never once did I try to overpower them when they were talking. It blows my mind that people can be that rude and inconsiderate.
1	Both of your posts capture the actual reason why people want to make smurfs. Most (not all) of the people commenting with hate towards smurfs don't understand the reason behind smurfing and let their ignorance lead them to blindly hate smurfs.   There are also a lot of comments from people that clearly don't understand how the game and matchmaking works. Adding more players starting "fresh" at 1200 mmr won't change anything because it happens to everyone at the start of every season. The comments saying it will increase the amount of players who just don't care about their ranked games because it's their smurf isn't true. The amount of players who do that is insanely small, because most people make their smurfs because they care about ranked games. It's not going to entice people to not care about ranked games, because no one wants their ranked statistics on any of their accounts to make them look bad.   A while back Riot implemented this neat thing called smurf buster. I made an account back when they implemented it to test how well it worked. It took one game for it to recognize that my skill level was above that of a new player and I was always playing against smurfs after that. This means unless you team up with your new friend in queue they more likely than not, won't be playing against or with smurfs.   It's fine not understanding why someone would want a smurf, but most people don't make them to pub stomp players who aren't as good as them. Most people make smurfs to try and improve themselves! Yes some toxic players do make them to pub stomp, but again those are toxic players (if they can even get matched with them), they are going to be toxic and antifun no matter what.   The reason I wanted to make a smurf was for easier solo queue climbing. I had taken a break from league and I came back to play some ranked, did horrible in my placement matches (2 wins 8 losses) and got placed in bronze 1. I had a higher than 90% win ratio on more than 3 champions(curb stomping pl3bs and didn't even make a smurf). It didn't take long before I reached gold. I didn't lose a series until my gold 1 promos into plat. Now the whole time I was grinding out these ranked games I considered how much faster it would be if my smurf was 30 and I could just do my promos over again and easily get placed in gold. Right here my thoughts about wanting a smurf weren't too hurt lower elo players but to make things easier on myself without having to interfere with so many other people. This was to show that most people don't have malicious intent when making/wanting a smurf.
1	You can climb the ladder no matter what lane you play. The hard part is getting the lane you want to play in Solo Queue. For me this was easy, since Jungler is the least picked role, even less than support. :) As for your argument about top lane, my brother who also plays LoL is a top laner (plays pretty much only that) and he climbed to Challenger on EUNE playing only Riven.   And as a Diamond player who was Gold 1 with over 100 games in Gold league 3 weeks ago, I guarantee you that anyone can get to Diamond with the right mindset.   You don't need to be talented. If you focus on improving, you WILL improve. The trick is to know what mistakes you made, and why. Recognize them and you will keep getting better and better. Don't think "BUT IF my team did that then my play would- NO. Forget about the variable of your team. YOU are the only variable. Think about what YOU should've done to change what happened, not what your team COULD have done.   I climbed from Gold 1 to Diamond V in 8 days after I changed my solo queue mentality (and after I started playing some Evelyn instead of hecarim only :P). Getting from Diamond V to Diamond III took longer, like 1-2 months. As long as you can recognize your mistakes and ignore your team's mistakes, and never expect anything from them, you will always get better and better.
1	They happen and do feel worse than winning streaks. The best you can do is take a bit of a break if its really frustrating you. Play champs you find fun, maybe get some non ragey friends to queue with. Try dominion or maybe some ARAM games for the enjoyment/pace of something different. Play another game, play when you're drunk, etc. Learn when you specifically make a mistake, and try to figure out how to improve from your mistakes.
0	Well, as adults, when you work, you pay into this thing called unemployment. You don't have a choice, you can't opt out of it. When you are out of work, since you payed into it, you get to draw off of it (if you happen to be eligible). When you get a job again, you go back to paying into unemployment.   Unemployment is there for when you are looking for more work. Your full time job, is to get a job. If we force people to work for unemployment, we are forcing them to work, for something they have already worked for.
1	Ok while this is a valid strategy depending on your allies/enemies, this 'tip' is more of an alternative playstyle (more risk, more reward) than the usual w-with-doranshield.   Taking W first is vital if you are defending off invades or participating in level 1 action. The higher up you go, the more you will encounter teams trying a 5 man invade to take advantage of unaware or lazy players. When 5 players meet 5 players, your q does 100% nothing for your team. Not having W stun up can be MASSIVE in these situations and you will regret it if a big clash happens.   A lot of supports are IMPOSSIBLE to trade with without your stun up. Tresh, leona are extremely popular and will crush you if you try this q harass stuff. In the vid hes doing it against fiddle, which is the kindof champ you can do this against. A lane with high kill potential (blitz, leona, thresh, ali) will poop on you a lot.   Another problem is the level 2 all in. By taking Q, if you do NOT win the lvl 1 trades hard and they manage to outshove you, a lot of bot lanes will all in and remove you.   By taking shield, you are again a lot more vulnerable to people going aggressive on you. Ring provides more damage and mana, but less defensive stats. The obvious result is that jungler ganks, powerful skillshots (hooks/leona/zyra/jinx) and targeted cc (ali/annie) will kill you MUCH easier. Its risky to try this against skilled and smart opponents.   The reward can be good, because obviously you are a big bully. If you want to try this sortof thing i can also advise a 26 ap, magic pen + armor runepage. If your opponent gets surprised by this at level one, its one of the easiest and quickest ways to win botlane all by yourself.
0	Currently they're pushing the medications? I'm pretty sure that's only a select few. I know from personal experience that if there's even a chance they push non-stimulant ADD/ADHD medication well before Adderall, which needs to be prescribed by a neurologist/psychologist.
1	Welcome to the world of journalism EVERYWHERE. When you "know" more than the average Joe on a subject, you'll always notice this trend from journalists, a mass amount of them don't do enough research into their subject (just look at the media's portrayal of what a "troll" is) and will get a lot of things wrong, but most people just don't know enough themselves to call them out on it.   Even the majority of "news" nowadays is scavenged from places like Reddit and so forth.
1	I am not praising myself.Its just a straight up question. Supposing I destroy my opponent in top or mid lane by playing champs that have early lane dominance or any champs for the sake of argument.What should I do after enemy mid or top tower falls?Even though I am plat,after crushing my opponent I just run like dickless chicken not knowing what i should do.These 10 minutes of midgame usually 20-30 mins I lose my immense cs lead,not able to pressure bot or any lane.
1	With all respect, that is a terrible idea. In my 1500+ games I only witnessed a similar situation once or twice. Also people with bad connection would spam this while the problem is with them. Don't you think this is too specific to make a whole report function for?
1	IDK why you're downvoted for asking a question =_= This is one of the villains from The Princess Bride, Vizzini. He's famous for an intellectual "duel" he has with the hero, Wesley. Thinking he's won the duel (it's over which one chooses to drink from a poisoned cup), he mocks Wesley, saying, "Never go against a Sicilian when death is on the line!"   In the movie, he then falls over dead, since it turns out both cups were poisoned but the hero is poison-resistant because he's made of awesome.
0	Seriously. If it's not something you'd be comfortable saying in front of your grandparents you should assume it's not something regular society wants to have to deal with.   I swear way too much and it's brought home everytime i'm around my grandparents. That guys is a ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffreaking joke! Seriously though what a ddddddddddddddd--aaaaahhhhhhhh----annoying person!
0	I doubt this will get read by anybody since I'm a bit late to the party, but I went through the exact same thing for almost 6 months. We were really good friends, but she had a boyfriend, so I basically got friendzoned extremely hard. She was incredibly fun to talk to and I would drop absolutely anything I had planned just to see her. In June she broke up with her boyfriend, and in September I asked her out. She said yes and was extremely glad I asked, and now the past 3 months have been the greatest of my entire life and even though it hasn't been long, we can both confidently say we want to spend the rest of our lives with eachother.
1	I actually used both services and in conclusion I currently only use Paypal   The first time (and last) that I used Moneybookers (thats how Skrill was named before they changed the name because of bad reputation), they said that my account was suspicious and that as a penalty they will close it and I will have no more access to my money, I didn't fight this since I only had about $5 in the balance.   While on Paypal the other hand I had a great experience, I left my computer on while logged in on my Hearthstone account, my cousin bought for me 40 booster packs (costs 45 euros).  I didn't open any of them and I called Blizzard to take them off my account, and reverse the payment, needless to say Blizzard said all payments are final, so I went to Paypal (after Paypal I would've turned to AMEX).  I showed Paypal evidence of me cancelling the contract with Blizzard and resecuring my account so Blizzard can't save my Paypal info (worst mistake ever).  Paypal used their anti-hacking policy (a policy when user's account is compromised and money was spent unwillingly) against Blizzard and reversed the payment, and since Paypal accused Blizzard of an unsecured system, I got to keep those booster packs or Paypal would've taken it to court.
0	I work overtime because I have to, not because I want to. We get assigned too much work. No overtime would mean not hitting deadlines.  Not hitting deadlines would mean losing my job. Lucky for me, I love my job and the overtime doesn't bother me much.
1	Sion/Warwick are THE BIG ones.... Champions like Nidalee and Cassi are just things that can be fixed with a touch up on the model instead of a full blown VU and kit wise it's not hard to just change the passive and change the numbers on ability scalings.
1	I don't have any problems with your ideas; Cory presented an argument, you posted a counter, I differed from your post. That's it as far as I am concerned.   I only said that the problem people are having is the way in which you are responding. This is an open forum for free ideas, why bring aggression into it? Even the guy on your side admits you are being a bit harsh:   > Cor doesn't really make the effort to make polite overtures.
1	Let's not forget about the fact that the enemy team will have norm runes, giving them a HUGE advantage early game. The xp bonus won't do much for you until mid game, as even then  you have a small window of opportunity there. Really not a good idea IMO. You sacrifice too much, ESPECIALLY depending on position and the quints you normally use, for example a jungle with Move speed quints or life steal quints; something you DON'T get by leveling up, will just give them a disadvantage.
0	there arent even emulators for high end pcs for xbox 360 games. and the xbox one isnt exactly on the high end of specs when considering computers. would you really want them to raise the cost of the console by a possibly large amount just so you can sell your xbox 360 instead of just keeping it and playing your 360 games on it?   and this isnt getting into the fact that the consoles are built on two totally seperate architectures. powerpc for 360 and x86 for the one.
1	As an old lock screener... DONT. It makes things so much easier if you have it unlocked.  Map awareness, skill placement, heck even just walking is so much easier.   To break yourself of the habit, try keeping your thumb on spacebar with the screen unlocked unless you are moving it somewhere, this will keep it centered on your champ.  eventually you will get used to it, and it will help A TON
0	Uhm. Seriously? A generation of young men eradicated, countless civilian deaths and rapings, cities bombed to the ground, the country being split in four, and a HUGE historical shame that has become a part of German identity, I am having trouble seeing the victory here. Germany (Hitler) went to war to create a third German Empire, the Third Reich. "Their land" was not theirs until 1989 when DDR and BRD were reunited. There was no winning the war for Germany at all.  Today Germany is a powerful country in terms of politics and military, I agree, but that has nothing to do with the war. Shortly after WWII what was later to be the EU was founded, a trading deal between France and Germany, and later Britain. I think the European teamwork (lacking a better word in English, sorry) has way more to say in the matter of Germany being brought back to power.
1	After watching their games for quite a bit, I feel like the only one who currently has "gameplay" issues is Link (we all know why).   In seraph's case, it seems to be 90% because of communication. And I don't think it's just because he isn't entirely comfortable with english yet. He's too quiet.   It's not the first time now that we see him completely failing his teleport or being out of sync with his teamates.   They will never be able to pull out clutch plays and decent teamwork/rotations with that kind of communication.
1	And that's fine too, that wasn't what was said. I completely agree that the clothing on certain champions isn't terribly creative, but that's hardly the focal point of the game anyway. Shrug. I hope that Riot starts making more champs like Leona and Shyvana personally. More armor clad chicks or more monster girls, but I can also agree that tasteful clothing would be just as welcome.
1	The only time I've played taric, my laptop was zooming along at 5 fps, so I tried to play support as best I could for a jackass Jarvan (I main Jarvan so this made me sad panda).   Long story short, he keeps berating me for sucking based on my low cs, completely oblivious to the fact I'm healing him constantly.   (Even more)
1	I wouldn't count out Curse. TSM is playing hot and cold but 6 months is a lot of time to get better. I can only imagine that the longer WildTurtle is a part of the team the more cohesive and dangerous they'll be.
1	The only thing I'm damaging is his shitty ego if he wants to give to charity he will either way, if he wants to reach higher elo he'll simply name change and not stream. The only reason he gives to charity is so he gets out of that shit storm he's in, so he has a way to excuse himself so people at least feel sorry for him.   If I told you that I've given to charity will it make either of my points more valid?
0	I think this thread is better than most.   Yeah, there are guys who place their hurt feeling above the feelings of women (or anyone, really) who gets freaked out by someone walking behind them when they are walking alone.   A good percentage of men in this thread who bring up their hurt feelings are also looking for ways to mitigate the situation and make women they are walking behind more comfortable.   I for one am primarily concerned with finding ways to be less threatening.  I am not a threat, but there is no way for a stranger on the street to know that, so I want to visually minimize my ability to  be  a threat.  I understand why a woman would feel threatened by me, and I don't take it personally.   I believe all of that in my heart, but it still hurts my feelings.  I don't think that's "trivial", even if I myself believe it to be of less importance than your (or the-hypothetical-woman-walking-in-front-of-me's) fear of assault.
0	Hey friend... What does
1	i dont hate you anymore umashi. I use to think that you were of the many bandwagoners who would ride the community FOTM, bad team = bad ind. player, and the "Hate rude guy because I'm a pussy guys" bandwagons... but I was wrong.   Where you probably went wrong in my book was your "Movement Meta" blog post, and since that post, I've irrationally hated you. Now I know, being a no longer blinded-by-hate fellow theorycrafter that: WE ALL MAKE MISTAKES (i mean, I've been calling Wukong op for a while [although I've never even played against one. at least this means I'm not on the "Getcrushedopopopop" bandwagon.) Oh, and all your guides trololol
1	The point of changing Banshee had nothing to do with Ryze, it was bad for several reasons and when specter cowl got introduced to improve MR options for lane (back when AP was dominating top lane) it just got changed because it made more sense :     catalyst just made little sense in build path because it was mostly a late game defense items for carries (back when tanks were better off with FoN or Spirit Visage), you would buy the item late in the game when catalyst passive is wasted      if you didn't need the mana before that point you don't need it at that point either (except for Ryze but it wasn't really broken on him anyway)      mana makes it a shitty item for manales champions and they wanted MR items to be better for tanks as well when banshee got changed (again back in AP top domination, ie. Elise/Rumble/Vlad/Kennen/Singed/Zac)       So there would be no problem having a supportive item build out of catalyst with resist. It wouldn't even be good on Ryze, Ryze needs to rush RoA and Tear, then depending on how the game goes there are several paths :     Snowballing - Seraph -> Void for maximum damage   Need MR - Spirit Visage - for CDR and MR and improving his ult spellvamp      Need Armor - Frozen Heart - Mana/CDR/Armor        Even if it gave MR instead of AP Spirit Visage would be a better pickup, not to mention that two catalyst passives don't stack and wouldn't very efficient.
1	The thing is I am not asking for Riot to moderate it, I am not forcing people to go play norms, I am simply asking politely to go play him in norms. Mmr has nothing to do with them playing in norms I don't want them to perfect him I want them to play in norms to find out his abilities. You are getting way too upset and it is probably because you suck at Twitch and your support is raging at how bad you are.
0	I feel the same way about the physical abuse I went through as a child with my ex stepdad. He was really sadistically power hungry. There was one incident when he gave me 5 minutes to get all the pants on that I could. I got on three pairs of jeans and a snowsuit, then went and got him the back scrubber from the shower, and bent over the couch. The first hit put me on my knees, and I know he hit me at least one more time. Apparently my aunt and grandmother noticed I couldn't really sit comfortably, so they planned for my aunt to "accidentally" walk in on me in the bathroom when I came to her house after school. Instead, she walked in on me changing and pretty much forced me to show her my ass. Not gonna lie, it was pretty much all just black. She started crying and got her now ex husband and they took me to DFACS. There, they made me stand against a wall with my pants down, while a lady took pictures of my ass with my aunt holding a ruler next to it (measuring the bruises). The whole experience was absolutely HUMILIATING. On the bright side, I've always felt a strange sense of safety around my aunt ever since.
0	The shit you're spewing is vile and dumb and could be corrected with a visit on wikipedia, anyone taking the time to entertain you is naive and way too kind.
0	I applaud this, but would still recommend managing your expectation. Think of what you're giving as a steak dinner. It's freaking delicious and certainly satisfies hunger, but sometimes we just want a snack and there's no one around to cook the steak, so we grab a burrito from Taco Bell or snack on some potato chips. It's not healthy, and it's nowhere near as good as the steak, but it's manufactured to be loaded with stuff that tastes delicious and makes us full. that's what porn is; it's manufactured to hit all the sexual sweet spots a guy may have, but it's not a nutritious balanced meal. it serves an immediate need, makes you feel a little guilty after you're all done, but is always there when you need it.
0	Think hard about yourself, internet stranger.   If you are nice TO get returned benefits, you are not quite the selfless lamb of god you pretend to be(if you consider stopping the niceness, this  might  be the case).   If you are nice just because that's the way you roll, you wouldn't be too upset about being unappreciated. Just keep being a silent hero and the people that notice are the ones worth keeping closer than the rest.
0	The problem with being conscious of "triggers" in daily life everything you post or say is that every single thing is a potential trigger, consider just fictional examples: the color yellow (from the game adaptation of I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream), the song Singing in the Rain (A Clockwork Orange), the phrase "Niagara falls" (old vaudeville routine).   If you're posting about something commonly triggering like about rape or abuse sure, say "hey I'm going to talk about being molested here", but the problem with people being UPSET about lack of warnings is that literally anything could trigger anyone, and thinking that hard before saying anything lest someone be offended that you talked about a fat person without an anorexia trigger warning is exhausting and not really practical.
1	u/SmoothBeans gave a good definition. I'll add it's just failing to play well when the games actually matter. Like in the regular season you have to win a certain number of games to advance to playoffs. It doesn't really matter which games you win, especially at the start, as long as you win enough. But when playoff time rolls around, you have to win  this  game. The pressure is on. There is no next chance. Some players thrive under this pressure. Others crumble.
1	Our legal systems actually have more than just a rehabilitation aspect. It splits into 4 parts: -Retribution, not only for the victim, but in fact society at large that has been harmed by the crime. -Quarantine, in order to safeguard society from the negative behavior (of course due to smurfing not really enforceable in league, but at least here they can't compete). -Deterrence, which in this case is specifically towards other pros, seeing as many of them do serve as rolemodels to many players among us. -Rehabilitation, yes, there is this aspect, but 1 year seems like a fair amount of time for this to take place, IWDominate came back after his 1 year ban.   Given these 4 factors, I think the 1 year ban they received serves all the purposes of a modern legal system, at least from a liberal western perspective, and shouldn't be cut short. Positive behavior does deserve a just desert, but this should go to those that have always acted positively, not those that were punished and based on the punishment had an improvement in their actions. Also riot needs to punish pros specifically, because many players already feel that there is preferential treatment by riot towards pros, so them taking a strong stance is good overall.
1	Seems to me like there are a lot of people who watch professional players and absolutely swallow anything they say as gospel. And most of all, most people probably go "Well, I'm not sure I agree, but he's the pro so I won't argue about it." (that is, if they don't agree in the first place)   I feel like its only a small percentage of people who argue like that, and its either because they have an outsized view of their own ego, or they don't like the player in question (this happens a lot with people like Saint who are polarizing).
1	by 22 minutes, your team should have all the outer towers of the enemy team. in most games, you are the one that is going to have to lead your team to take them. between 10:00 and 22:00 you should do your best to get your lane's tower, not lose your lane's tower, and get the outer tower of other lanes. this is about 600g and a lot of experience for your team.   after you get all outer towers, you should keep side lanes pushed.  if you push and no one comes to stop you, then you can take the 2nd outer tower for free.  if one person comes and the other 4 are on the map. you can 1v1 easily and put huge pressure on that side of the map.   even if you back off after pushing the side lane, you will force someone to go bot, meaning you can 5v4 mid or in their jungle while one of theirs is bot.   putting pressure on side lanes by keeping the side lanes pushed is a VERY strong strategy.  it also prevents backdooring on side lanes, and gets you a lot of farm and experience.   even if your team does a 4v5 mid because they are dumb and dont see you bot, then your pressure bot will force a lot of the survivors to go bot or heal to stop your push.   in most cases, they will send at least 2 people bot to try to stop you, this takes a lot of pressure off of your teammates, and can easily lead to a 4v3 with the remaining players or for your team to collapse on people chasing you.   this strategy is not recommended after 35:00 minutes, because death timers are too long.
1	The passive doesn't have to be used in a teamfight. It excels in 1v1's. In such a case, you can towerdive, shred the enemy, die, come back and still shred him with AA's.   Also, better to utilize it like the Anivia passive. It saved you, now run. I understand that everyone wants him to crush his enemies while never faltering like in his lore, but ingame it's different. Pick your battles. If the health you got from your passive is enough to keep helping, have your support peel then wait for the cooldowns before striking. If it's not enough an they're focusing you, good, they're spending time, mana, and abilities focusing the offtank. You've succesfully peeled them from your team and served your purpose.   Aatrox is terrifying in the right hands, because a good player can manage his bloodwell like a good Morde player manages his shield. He'll know when to engage and when to just poke. He'll know when to 1v1 and when to back off. He'll stack the passive on scuttler while rotating and will pop his abilities at the right time to get the surprise passive off.   Also, nothing's more annoying than an Aatrox with guardian angel and a good Zilean on his team. He'll just never die and can stay in the fight forever, drawing attention and dealing damage.
1	Yeah, but in Smite jungling doesn't work as well.  The xp doesn't work the same as in LoL when you have two people sharing it.  In high level Smite play, you would have no dedicated jungler, but each lane will end up clearing their jungle camps close to when they spawn (and in Smite, there are a lot more buffs in the jungle to claim, without specific buffs having to go to your mid, for example).  The same balance ideas may not work in both League and Smite because they have made different decisions in terms of balance in other parts of the game, and because jungling is so different in Smite, you cannot simply apply it's jungling optimizations to League.
0	I recently transitioned from a school that is designed for kids with emotional issues.  There was a set of rules that are meant for different kinds of people, like for example, drawing on yourself is a nono, so is having a pen.  Me and my friend joke about it being prison, and, well, after watching prision documentaries............   no but seriously, there's even "quiet rooms" (broom closets) they throw your ass in if you do so much as disobey the advice of a teacher (no matter how bullshit their request is). There was a kid who didn't really like anything the teachers instructed him to do, and he would decline being forced to do something "retarded and gay" that was really something like stop talking over a teacher. i can't put a number on the amount of times he's been in the box of doom.
1	I only really follow the NA scene, so I'll compose a team from there. Top: TSM's Dyrus Jungle: C9's Meteos Mid: CLG's Link ADC: CLG's Doublelift Support: TSM's Xpecial   Dyrus is easily demotivated, but otherwise he is undoubtably the best, most consistent, and most versatile Top in NA, with a mid-sized champion pool that he is extremely well versed with.   Meteos is a very efficient Jungler, he has a unique style that can be easily predicted, but he doesn't need his hand held and he gets huge during his games.  He is also the primary objective and gank caller, so he is proficient at reading the game.   Mid lane was a hard choice between MandatoryCloud and Link, Mandatory cloud tends to take on a carry role such as Ahri or Karthus, but Link has shown such versatility with his champion pool, as well as being unbelieveably consistent, he damn near never loses lane, he takes the vote with me.  Don't forget that, even though he regularly took on a supporting role and CLG had a losing record, he still was not far off from MandatoryCloud in the total kills.   Doublelift is the obvious choice for ADC, his mechanics are unrivaled by pretty much anyone, but he tends to make silly decisions that either lead to him being a God and making a sick play, or randomly giving the enemy a kill.  This, however, leads to the support pick.   Xpecial and Doublelift have played together before, and afterwards they said nothing but good things about each other.  Xpecial is more willing to go in with/after Doublelift and they synergize well with each other, making the plays Doublelift is known for even more amazing and sucessful.  Xpecial is not the primary playcaller for TSM, but along with Meteos I believe they could work well together and Xpecial could pick up what Meteos doesn't.   Remember, these are all my opinions, feel free to hate, love, or argue to your hearts content.
1	I'd look at the items Panth and Kha'zix are getting. They are both almost completely physical damage dealers who often get an early Brutalizer/LW. As Vayne/Janna, your typical build does not include armor. However, in a lane like this, you may want to get some armor to counter a physical all-in lane's armor pen. Otherwise they are likely gonna do true damage to you/Janna.
1	Your beer is stronger than the generic mass-marketed swill that dominates advertising time.  That is indisputable.  However, American craft brewing is incredibly rich and diverse and we probably make beers that are stronger than Canadian beers.
0	I agree! People would be  shocked  if they knew how much energy was expended to get their naturally grown quinoa (not just picking on quinoa, but it's a great example for this) from Bolivia to their local Whole Foods. Miles and miles of delivery trucks, thousands of gallons of jet fuel or diesel for barges, followed again by miles and miles of delivery trucks...In balance, it would likely be ecologically better to eat a chicken raised nearby that only has to travel a few miles to reach your table. And this is not only true for food, but true for  everything you buy . Everything has a footprint! Everything comes from somewhere, and has hidden costs to get to your store.
1	By more options, I mean, you have team (a), that only does standard setup, bans skarner, morg, etc. And only plays to the meta with which they were received. Now, you have team (b), that has more than just the standard game layout as it is now, and can choose to expand upon their own tactics by say, doing this strategy.   With that in mind, it matters not who team (a) bans, as they'll indubitably harm themselves in gearing towards trying to prevent just one facet of team (b)'s gameplay.
1	A major mistake many people make is that they stick strictly to their build and don't change it situationally. Lets say you are playing Sivir against a team that has no magic damage but your build has magic resist in it. Change the build for that one game and get armor and not magic resist.   This^   I've seen so many games where people moan and gripe about how "OP" someone is and they refuse to deviate from their build by getting some sort of defensive items.   It drives me nuts seeing people get stomped but refusing to try to counter the enemy team.   Item builds can have some consistency, but they are not set in stone.   Personally, I use the builds in guides as a starting point until I figure out what fits my play style. I also ask my friends what's worked for them and why.   For example(please don't flame, only done normals so far, but I found I did well with this build), Taric, I decided to just play him as a super tanky support(mostly defensive items, with very little focus on mana or AP). And I did pretty good with it, lots of assists, tanked and team fights with easy, etc. I later went to go look for a highly rated guide on using taric as a tank and couldn't seem to find one that improved upon or was really relevant to my taric playstyle.   That was a bit off-topic and people will probably make snide remarks about it, but if I had just strictly followed taric builds/guides I would not have found this playstyle that I have a lot of fun with. It's awesome watching people blindly focusing on to me and watching my team rip them apart.
1	The difference is Oceleote admits that his oponents outplayed him while Chauster believes the only reason for the loss was not because the other teams were better but just because they didn't put in any effort. As much as I like CLG people often misinterpret Chauster speaking whatever is on his mind as the truth when in reality is still biased he is just blunt.
0	They don't have to? If people don't feel confident on their privacy online they won't be using google therefore google makes no money. So they say they will 'encrypt' things so people that have no idea what encryption is feel more secure, and keep clicking on ads. While bending forward for the NSA.
1	Yep, so this thread is kinda pointless because like I said most people on reddit are like you, they preach against rage and try not to do it, sure they screw up sometimes but they try.
1	I really hope this is the beginning of them taking over the servers and getting rid of the useless "GM's" that "manage" the game. They are absolutely useless when it comes to player support and will not even consider helping you unless you directly PM them while stroking their egos.   What we need is a structure similar to Riot NA where there is a dedicated player support team (hopefully none of the existing GMs will get hired for this as they have already proven their incompetence), that will help out with establishing a regional Tribunal as well as tech/customer support.   Please Riot, just take over already. Garena has already proven they have no idea how to manage your game.
1	I personally did t play ranked until I had 500 wins. After that many wins I found I had a decent understanding of the game (when to go in or back out, when to chase). Also from platitudes g that many games I learned to focus on my own play and not rage at my team (not raging actually makes you and team play better). From all of that I've managed to get to 1300 elo from 1000. Plus it gives you time to play with your friends and get some good teamwork.
0	100% agree. I was in a rut for about 6 years (12-18) and went through all the stops. They put me on Zoloft which just took away all the feelings(which isn't fucking normal.) I stopped it cold turkey when I was 17(I was on 200mg/day) and decided to join something. I walked into a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu school and never looked back. I got into shape(That helps a lot with depression) and made essencially a new family through the school. They knew my situation and my instuctor called me every night to "Go over my day." Some people actually do care, and it's about srrounding yourself with those people. With BJJ, I've emmersed myself in it and haven't been this happy my whole life. If you REALLY WANT a change, change something. Only you can can get yourself out of the rut which is sad but true. Jesus christ did I just vent like a motherfucker, my bad.
1	As a support/jungle main i don't have to worry about last hitting and getting tunnel vision doing that. I can basically AFK farm shit in the jungle while watching the mini map or zone out the enemy bottom lane to deny them.
1	So, how do you go about being a support main and enjoy it? I'm by no means a good support, but I'm working on it because I don't wanna be that guy in ranked that "can't support." However, as a dude that likes to play Top and ADC, I'm used to action and big numbers so I find myself getting pretty bored with zoning and warding.   Are there any champs you would recommend giving a try to maybe spark some interest in the role? I usually play Leona (5-1 in ranked so far) and do enjoy her all-in playstyle, but lately I've run into some pretty nasty, high damage poke supports that cut me down to half health before I even get a chance to land a zenith blade. I've played a couple fiddle games and liked it, but it feels like you need an ADC (and team) that is capable of taking advantage of your fears and reliably turning them into kills.
1	The only way to properly carry with LB is to pvp constantly. You need to win your lane early and gank often. Her lv 1 ult is not on a long cd so kill mid at 6, have blue on and head down to bot and kill them down there. Rinse and repeat. Because after everyone groups up, she isn't going to carry as hard as other aoe mids will. In team fights you really only kill 1 target due to the cd on the ult.
1	I don't think globals are toxic in the game, there is counterplay to let's say a shen ult, you can take his turret most of the time and it has a long cd, tf's ult is balanced now that he has to dissappear from the lane giving the mid of your team the oppurtunity to call mia or to see him via wards. Take out the global ults and things like Kassa and Nida will be the next one being changed cause they have the second most strongest mobility in the game, the next thing will probably be things like laners with strong mf buffs and boots of mobility getting nerfed, you don't want to start that, believe me. Still i believe your idea is pretty good, you'd have to rebalance Ohmwrecker though and that will probably increase the total cost of it leaving the jungler to buy it and stabilizing the "locket meta" on junglers preventing any individual ideas for jungler builds.
0	It is well documented that black people are convicted more for pot while having similar usage/possession rates.  It's a pretty reasonable hypothesis that cops will disproportionately arrest blacks for other crimes, too.  I really don't think you could prove that blacks don't commit more crimes, however.   I don't know if that's what you were trying to say, maybe you just meant it's besides the point, which I somewhat agree with.  The disparity in conviction is a pretty obvious race issue, and (considering our prison system is basically a network of gang recruitment centers) likely a contributing factor to a higher black crime rate.
0	North Korea is just saying these things to boost morale in their ever-unrestful population. People are beginning to lose faith in their glorious leader, and these threats are little more than empty promises intended to "prove" to the north korean people that Best Korea still holds some sway in the international setting.   The military exercises by the United States and South Korea are just a reminder to the North of who has the biggest dick at the end of the day, and for KJU to not get too big for his shit-caked britches.
0	No it's much more complicated than that. Let me explain the basics...     Cakeday and You!   Table of Contents     Intro - Cakeday and You   The Weekly Rule   What Do the Stars Have to Do with It?   The Percentage Rule   What  Exactly  Happens on Your Cakeday?   FAQs * Coming soon *     Chapter 1 - Intro Cakeday and You   What is a "cakeday" you may ask? A cakeday is a special day for every redditor. It is an opportunity for redditor to stash hoards of interweb points with little to no effort. It's your cakeday? Great take a post a picture of your cat,  BAM!  Front page. Okay great? So when is my cakeday? In order for your cakeday to happen there is a set of rules and conditions. Read more to have a better understanding of the mysterious and wonderful cakeday.   Chapter 2 - The Weekly rule   Your cakeday can be triggered every other Friday under  the  special conditions.   The conditions are     The fifth letter in Friday is an 'A'   The Friday lands in a even day if the month is odd or an odd day if the month is even   You have posted at least 9 pictures of your cat or 4 pictures in a gw subreddit   You have more than 1 comment karma   The MD5 Hash of your email is divisible by 81 after you change the letter into either their hex value or the number letter of the alphabet they are divided by 2 rounded to the nearest whole number.   Meet 2 or more of the following requirements         Thingy   Requirement           Posted or Commented   31 times       Secretly own a cumbox*   N/A       Gotten more downvotes than upvotes   Twice       Slept with your sister or broke both arms   Only on the weekends       Became an Internet Sensation   N/A       You Only Lived Once   Must report back       Is a bot   N/A       Gotten Gold   1       Given Gold   10       Don't need Karma   N/A       Own a dog   yes       Own a cat   yes       Get recommended by other redditors   3       Love reddit   Official Marriage Certificate       Interweb Champion   Must be awarded by a President or Monarch         Exceptions to the Friday rule     Monday   Tuesday   Wednesday   Thursday   Saturday   Sunday     Chapter 3 - What Do the Stars Have to Do with It?   As you may know the reddit mascot is an alien, as a result the stars have to do  A LOT  with cakeday. You may have completed what was stated in chapter 2 but if the stars are an inch away from where they are supposed to be you aren't going to get your glorious cakeday.   The following chart will help you determine of the positioning of the stars are okay and the type of post you are allowed to submit for your cakeday post.       Zodiac Name   Misc. Conditions   Post type           Aries   It must be a quarter moon today   You are allowed to submit a picture of your pet       Taurus   You must actually own a bull   You are allowed to submit a OMERGERD ITS MAH KERKDER post       Gemini   You have to be wearing a Yankee's cap   You are allowed to post Looksies it's my cakeday upvotes pls       Cancer   You must actually have cancer   You get to post whatever you want       Leo   You must own 12 2$ bills, for non-Americans own 2 of the rarest currency note available in your country   You can post a OMG my cakeday is almost over here's ___ post       Virgo   Must be female or a good looking male   You are allowed to post a gw post (pls)       Libra   You aren't required to do anything :D   You aren't allowed to post anything because you didn't notice it was your cakeday sorry :c better luck next time       Scorpio   You've had terrible luck today at least it's your cakeday   Anything that will only get 3 upvotes       Sagittarius   Must have a Good Guy Greg referring to you   Post anything without mentioning your cakeday       Capricorn   Lots of corn   Post a picture of your various cattle and corn crop       Aquarius   Your feeling hipster today   Post something nobody's done on a cakeday before       Pisces   Nobody likes you   Sorry ^but^it's^true^:c         In order for the above chart to be accurate you must*.   ^^* ^^if ^^you ^^reach ^^the ^^edge ^^continue ^^at ^^the ^^opposite ^^side     Flip a coin if it's heads move down 4 rows from your actual zodiac symbol, flip again.   For every heads you flipped add 6 to 98 divide that by 3 if it's even move up 8 rows.   Divide the day of the month by 3 round up and move that many spaces up in any direction   Roll a 6 white (only kind that works) sided die move that many spaces down, repeat 6 times     Chapter 4 - The Percentage Rule   If you followed all the directions above you could be close to your cakeday. The percentage rule states that for every other Friday that passes with the requirements met above you have a 25% chance of it being your cakeday. Every cakeday triggers a 9 month cooldown time and you cannot have another until it's over. The chance of having a cake day is also halved. For every even number of cakedays the chance increases by 2 (and is also halved).   Number of Cakedays|Percentage |---|--| 0|25 1|12.5 2|8.25 3|4.125 4|4.0625 5|2.03125 6|3.015625 7|1.5078125 8|2.75390625 ..20|3.01025390625   What  Exactly  Happens on Your Cakeday?   The first thing that you will notice is a message in your inbox from the admins letting you know that it's your cakeday and what you are allowed to submit as your cakeday post. You are to reply to the admins in a timely fashion. Failure to do so will result in no cakeday. Once you reply the admin they will give you the OK to submit your cakeday post. Your cakeday post will have the following benefits.     Every upvote counts as 1.1 upvotes instead of the usual 1   People will actually mostly care about you I think   Unicorns will fly out of your ass   The world will seem more magical   Your post will probably get more attention than it deserves   Some people will be assholes to you   Some people will still be assholes   You might get on the front page   You will get a cake indicator next to your name     FAQs   Coming soon.     ^^
1	I agree with you in most of what you said. The problem I see is that football players now that they will get "banned" for doing shit and behaving like douches.   We dont know if IWDominate knew that he can get banned from professional gaming. He knew that his account may get permabanned but that is his personal problem.   Imho its right to ban players from professional games if they act like IWDominate did but you should get a warning like: "Hey IWDominate change your behaviour or we will ban you from the professional scene".
1	I don't see how the fact its a said way in AMERICAN leagues relate at all to League of Legends and its international competitions (NA and EU LCS). I personally find forcing people to wait until the last minute to even start discussing their options for the next season a really stupid concept.
0	I know 2 landlords personally that do this as a living. 1 is nice and legit the other not so legit but they both have deeds to about a dozen houses. The problem isn't really cost as you can get just about anyone unemployed especially someone strung out on something to do a days worth of labor for maybe 50 bucks. But the thing is,  having a whole block up for sell at once like that isn't common,  more likely to have a few pairs of houses instead of a big group
0	Because people have different plans? Maybe she's content with being pregnant at 18 and raising a kid with a father who has a low-paying job. Maybe they're not even going to be in a low socio-economic status; maybe they're going to run a successful business with their high school diplomas; maybe one or both of them are going to go to post-secondary education anyway. Who the hell cares? She's happy and people who care are happy that she's happy.
1	Ugh, Google is freaking insane with their copyrights, YouTube went off an edge of this a while ago...   And one kinda important thing: You all know what Twitch was made for, right? Video Games. If the video game creator copyrighted their music, guess what? That game is now basically unwatchable on VODs. And considering how if the system picks up ONE bit of copyrighted music, it'll result in a fully muted (commentary? What's that?) VOD for HALF AN HOUR. Overkill, stupid, and overreacting. Okay, it's Google.
0	While I'm sure this sentiment has been well established through the comments I'm going to address it anyway.   How does drug addiction start? Its a long process and differs in the details for most all addicts... It's a slow process, and can take a long time for you to develop the chemical dependency. In my experience it starts young, teenagers are impressionable and cave easily to peer pressure. Think of being thirteen years old, shy and feeling like an outsider to most of your peer group, you don't have a group of real friends, and you spend most evenings and weekends alone, playing video games, wondering why everyone else is able to make friends, but you aren't.  You move to high school, things get shaken up and the social groups that existed before have shifted, you meet new people from other schools and start to feel accepted. You get invited to a party for the first time, and have no idea what to expect. You arrive at the party and feel welcomed, you are new, people want to be around you, and you want to be around them. Suddenly someone offers you a bottle, you can't say no, you don't want to go back to being alone, you don't want to lose this feeling. You take that drink, you feel alive. You never want this feeling to go away.  Next party, you're offered a bowl, you know drugs are bad so you say no thanks. Even though you know you made the right choice you start to feel like an outsider again. The others at the party don't make a big deal about you saying no, but everyone else is heading into the bathroom to hit the bowl. What the hell, why not? One puff wont kill me, I want to be included. You go along into the bathroom, you sit out the first round, but its coming back your way, you want that feeling of being accepted back, of feeling wanted and important, you somehow think that hitting the bowl will make that better. You grab the pipe, inhale... hold it... exhale... The group seems excited that you decided to join in, buddy beside you slaps you on the back and says "Welcome to the dark side..." That feeling comes back, like a warm blanket, you belong. It keeps getting easier and easier to not say no, and it keeps getting harder and harder to let go of that feeling. As you grow older new drugs are introduced, it seems like everyone else is doing it, so it can't be that bad... Maybe all this addiction stuff won't affect me? I come from a good family... It will never happen to me...   Forward to years of trying to get that feeling of acceptance back. Each time you sniff a line or hit that pipe you hope it will come back... But each time it doesn't, you think maybe that one wasn't enough, if I do a bigger line, a bigger rock, maybe it will come back...   You're alone, you haven't talked to your family in months, those friends you had, well they grew up and moved on, went to college, got jobs, got married... But not you, you couldn't let go, something was holding on to you, something wouldn't let go of you.   Eventually you have nothing, you have no one... You take solace in the fact that you can still escape through drugs...   Addiction is so misunderstood. It's a gradual process, and it's so much more than just the substance.  People congratulate addicts on sobriety because its a hard thing to overcome. Addicts don't congratulate other addicts on periods of sobriety, addicts know that can be taken away at any time.  It's not a matter of intellect, it's not a matter of willpower. Stop stigmatizing addiction, we take full responsibility for our addictions, you will never hear a recovering addict blame someone else for their addiction.
1	I agree with this in principal, and I think people should be more flexible in normals. However, I think this is commonly used as an excuse to troll or piss about because you were unhappy with how champ select went which is unacceptable. Also the meta is there for very good reason and the only counter meta stuff that works is often played by pro players (remember lane swaps used to be really rare & ap trynd).
1	The problem with this is, what is fun for you isn't fun for everyone. Say someone really likes to play a specific champ. They are really good with them and it is the one they choose. Now you have people who don't like/understand how to play that champ instantly saying "that's a dumb pick, we should kick him". At what point is that fun for the player who enjoys playing the way they want and not the way you want them to. You are going to vote to kick someone because they don't pick the way you would prefer. Now there are bad picks and it happens that is part of solo queue, if you want to be sure to get solid picks start a ranked team with friends.
1	I understand that you feel the need to correct misinformation presented in the community, but comments on a non-Riot-owned discussion board is not always the correct medium, especially in a case like this. As demonstrated with the earlier post, in heavily opinionated cases like this, all these informal comments do is incite witch hunts, hate, bullying, and harassment. There is absolutely no reason a formal post on Riot's official boards can be used to address potentially volatile topics such as this instead of Rioters' personal Reddit accounts.  It is not like it would not hit the front page of reddit instantly and the corrections themselves will gain greater readership instead of hoping that some of the community happens to read all of your posts on the topic.   There is a difference between having a Rioter respond to a post to discuss aspects about the game itself, or player created content, but discussions that pertain to player cases especially those involving youth have no place on Reddit. It is not like a post by a Rioter has no influence on the upvoted/accepted community consensus on emotionally charged topics.  If we use Incarnation as an example we could look at two  cases:   1) Article claims Incarnation cleared for 2015 season.   Rioter Response: "Incarnation will not be unbanned for the 2015 season."   Upvoted Community Response: "I'm glad that jerk is still banned what he did was unforgivable."   2) Article claims Incarnation ineligible for 2015 season.   Rioter Response: "We have completed our review process of incarnation's ban and have decided he will be eligible for professional play in the 2015 season."   Upvoted Community Response: "He is such a skilled player, it is great to see he's reformed and look forward to seeing him represent our community on the rift."   What is the difference between posting these comments in a formal post and as a comment on Reddit? If you post a comment on Reddit, you are facilitating the discussion on a medium for which you have zero control.  If the discussion takes place on a medium that you own, not only can there be better control over the types of conversations that take place there (differing opinions vs "he should kill himself"), but Red posts can be easily found regardless of how buried  they may be in a sea of responses. It is irresponsible to conduct these types of discussions on a third party board. This situation deals with a specific person.  The issue is big enough that the community knows and cares about it. You address the error and any misconceptions in a clear and formal post and if you feel the need to, link to said post as a reply. The point is that the discussion starts there.   Look back at the response from the "XJ9 back" thread. In no right world is that the correct place to make that type of announcement that deals with a specific targetable person or team. This isn't a "Sorry guys we made a mistake in the patch notes." You would not have announced the C9T bans in a comment on here. Not because they're pro players, but because you want better control over your message when it's a sensitive topic that deals with specific individuals.
0	A 17 year old girl from around Houston, TX went to court over excessive truancy. According to official records, she missed 10 days in 6 months. Because she's 17 and this is Texas, she was tried as an adult, and the judge pictured above, Lanny Moriarty, fined her for $100 and sentenced her to 24 hours in jail.   The reason people are upset is because of  why  she missed school: her parents had a fight and her mom left, so she took on 2 jobs (full-time at the dry cleaners, part-time for a wedding planner), to help support herself and her two siblings. Despite all of that, she's still an honor student, which shows that she is gets school, she just doesn't always get  to  school.   The scumbaggery comes from Judge Moriarty's reaction to people's outrage. He told news reporters he was making an example of her, because supposedly, "If you let one run loose, what are you going to do with the rest of them? Let them go, too?" [source](
1	Wasn't their approach to Nami just like this? They increased her power only a bit every patch till she hit a comfortable spot. I think a similar approach would be better for champions that are just little over the top or they would like to adjust like Gragas, Ziggs, Renekton etc.   Now they just do a lot of testing and reverting on the pbe and it feels as if they will never decide what they want to do with the champion. But I'm also fine with the likes of Kassadin changes taking longer than usual since he's a very hard champion to balance.
0	While I agree with you, you must admit this was well executed though. Especially since I saw the original post earlier today and it indeed blew my mind, so when I opened reddit a minute ago and saw this post at the top, it had much personal relevance and entertainment value.
0	Well im screwed. Im about to go deposit $4 dollars in my account so i can buy a whole $10 worth of gas with my card because i only have like $9 total in it. And i need all the gas i can get since my car estimates i only have 7miles left (keeping in mind that one gallon gets me 33.8 miles). So i really need gas to last me until Thursday. And mathematically, im fucked. $10 is going to get me about 3 gallons, which is roughly 100 miles (i drive about 40 of actual distance daily(but with LA traffic i used up about 50miles worth)) which by Thursday is going to leave me with maybe (if im lucky) 10miles worth which is less than a gallon again. It's gonna be close.
1	The idea is that you're already walking towards them. Think of it like this:   You're at 1000 range, moving towards a champ to auto attack them. Instead of right clicking on them, you cast condemn. Either of those options makes Vayne walk towards the enemy champ.  But with condemn cast, if they flash or shen taunt or nidalee pounce into your 550 range, they'll get condemned away.  The trick is right clicking on them right before you reach the 550 range so that your condemn doesn't go off if they didn't try to gap close.
0	As someone with seven years working exp as a ex barista  I can honestly say that I've never actually spit in someone's drink. But I have witness it and I have drop food on the floor and gave to a customer, also a shit load of coffee grounds from the starbuck bar and served urnex in coffee. But all those customers where assholes and got what they had coming.
0	You are right, there was a compliment in there. And you're welcome, it really was funny. But for me and few other people, being told what to do drives us to do the opposite. Call it a disorder or cognitive dissonance or whatever makes a person feel better, but being told what to do despite that we intended to like/subscribe makes some people not want to.   I would ask not to be told what to do, but that would be selfish and my selfishness may cost your subscriptions and I don't want to be responsible for that. The majority aren't rebellious to blatant marketing and if I were trying to get many viewers, I would certainly target the observable majority.
0	This is to all of the employees out there. You are paid to do a job that you applied for. Do that job and if you are worth it the company will promote you. The biggest issue I see with new employees is as soon as they get hired they feel entitled. They want paid time off as soon as they are hired, they expect way too much for having done way too little. If you find yourself in a position where you can leave and and make more money then good for you.  OP, maybe you are one of the good ones who doesn't bitch and complain and gets stuff done, if that's the case, good for you. But what you don't understand is that there are a lot of people out there who are lazy and whiny, they bitch about change and make the supervisors job a living hell because they can't just shut up and take direction. If you want to make yourself invaluable to a company shut up and do your job as best as you possibly can, you will have chances to go above and beyond. If you have a way to make improvements that are beneficial to the company , write a good professional proposal. My employees come to me with good ideas, I tell them to write me a proposal and I will back them on it. 1 in 10 actually sends me something, and of the ones that are sent, i bet 90% are half ass'd. Take some initiative. If you fail , do it again! If you keep trying you will get better at it and your employer should notice. Ask for feed back all the time. They will tell you how to get promoted. Listen to what they say and use that information the next time a position is open. This is not rocket science history. Just be smart, listen more, talk less. Good Luck   EDIT:
0	Go fuck yourself!!!!   How about because no one understands/no one notices Body Language!   We live in a world where everything has the same attention span as a 30 video of a cat falling over... body language too
1	With regard to questions regarding the decision-making behind Riot ToS, you may wish to reach out to them directly.   Speculating, I would say that Riot doesn't want to encourage the sale of accounts raised to level 30 by illegitimate means (botting) because those bots are also a violation of ToS and ruin low level games/new player experiences. Additionally, buying an account raised by another player (without botting) is against ToS because of the potential for Eloboost abuse. At the end of the day, your account is not actually something you own, which is part of the EULA we all accepted when we signed up.   With regard to why Riot doesn't have a service in place by which players can purchase 'fresh' accounts, I suppose it's because they don't really want players to smurf in the first place, since in an ideal world everybody would just play on their mains and be done with it. They don't outright forbid smurfing, but they aren't obligated to make it easy on you.   At the end of the day, high ELO q times are a problem for an extreme minority of LoL players, but readily available smurf accounts would have potential to seed unranked games (generally only players new to ranked) with an amount of high elo players. An unranked game with one Diamond smurf ruins up to 9 other players' experience.
1	Has the "Loss Forgiven" been completely forgotten by Riot?   I had a friend playing a ranked game, and 9 of the players disconnected simultaneously. The one lone guy pushed down 3 towers before the opposing team returned. They then quickly killed the lone guy and pushed all the way back to win the game, all before the 20 minute mark. (To point out, my friend was in the winning team.)   Because of these circumstances I decide to look into if the losing team got "loss forgiven". But alas, they received a normal defeat, accompanied by a nice loss of ELO (thanks lolking.com for the info!).   Not five minutes later, Riot have posted a forum thread about the issue and put the notification in the launcher that the problem is already being worked on. Now correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't this Exactly what the "loss forgiven"-button was designed for? It's been ages since I saw it used now, and given the Major issues on EUW I'd really expect to see it more often.
1	Okay kid I'm sorry but if you think sunfire/warmogs are good items for Sej over Tanky support items you are a 1300 elo player max. Now on the rare chance that you are just amazing mechanicaly and just stupid as fuck and somehow mechanical skill carried you above 1500 (Which I seriously doubt) you got carried by matchmaking.   Wow bro calm down.   > if you don't realize that sej is a SUPPORT JUNGLE   Actually I'd say she's an INITIATOR JUNGLE in all caps. Support junglers are characterized by short-CD utility abilities (generally CC or debuffs) like Maokai's knockback, Naut's everything, Alistar's Headbutt + Pulverize, etc. Sej is not like them. Sej is more akin to either Amumu, in that she tries to use her ultimate as efficiently as possible, and past that point she's fairly useless excepting damage. Whereas Mao or Ali have high-impact non-ulti abilities that thrive on CDR and spamability, Sej without ult accomplishes very little.   > Okay assume you have at at least half a brain and realize that aegis/shurlias are a must as first items.   They are great, cost-efficient items if you are behind and need the stats ASAP. If you are getting picked off / chased in team fights, or if you are getting bursted down instantly, Shureliyas / Aegis can be very valuable. Late game, though, an Aegis isn't enough to keep you alive as Sej. She has no innate tankiness: no AS slows, no shields, no spellshields, etc. An IE PD LW AD carry is going to drop you faster than any other tank in the game if you don't build intelligently.   > Okay you have good hp so you don't need that so much   Sej gets a ton of damage from health, it's a very important stat on her. With scaling MR runes, health is pretty much all you need against AP (with the exception of high sustained damage like Ryze or Cass or Karthus, but a good clean initiate can take care of that). Your biggest priority is the enemy AD carry, and that comes through Randuin's + a huge health pool that'll take them a long time to take down.   > Now instead of doing almost unoticable dmg with sunfire you force the other team to consider you as a focus factor.   FH makes you less desirable as a target. Do you know how hard it is to kill a 3k HP, FH + Randuin's Sej? That deals about 80 damage per second? It is just not worth it for the enemy AD. You've blown the ult, you deal meager damage and offer little follow up other than slows. After the ult you pretty much offer your team damage and stickiness on the enemy AD. If you're not doing damage to him, and you're too tanky for him to kill, you can be ignored.   That's not to mention that the CDR you get from Shureliya's and Randuin's will take you to 40% if you run 0/21/9.   It all goes back to the concept of a taunt. That's the tank's role. Some champs get lucky like Shen or Rammus and have it in their kit. Some champs have soft taunts, like Nunu or Caitlyn, where they can draw focus through high-reawrd abilities that the enemy focuses on interrupting. Sej has none of this. The way you "taunt" enemies as Sej is by making them say OW OW OW WHAT THE FUCK GET HER OFF ME. You don't do this with 4k HP, 250 armor and 60% AS debuffs.   FH is a great anti-AD item. Don't expect to build it every game. Sej operates differently from those hard CC champs who provide value the longer they stay alive. Only build a FH if the enemy AD carry is dominating you, and only build it if you've already built Randuin's (your ult -> dash make it easier to get the active off on the enemy AD, which is more valuable than FH's passive).
1	thanks guys.  ya i dont really like ali as support either, but we needed a support and he was all i had atm.  (i immediately bought soraka and janna)  ive looked at builds, and after reading what you guys said the skill order of q over the heal makes sense.  the heal isnt all that great, but the increase of cc from lvling q is great.   the whole cait=poke makes sense too.  she doesnt have anything to burst with.
0	Lazy" is one of the most unhelpful of human concepts. No one is lazy. Motivation can be reduced by two factors: desire for an outcome and the belief you can achieve that outcome.   If you have an outcome you desire but don't act on it, then either you don't really want it, you don't really believe you can achieve it, or you are consumed by a more pressing need. Rationally you might be able to believe you can do the thing and you really want it, but humans are far from purely rational. Or perhaps we are purely rational in the sense that we believe what we've experienced over what we've been told.
1	Just because someone starts being toxic doesn't mean you need to bash them. It's a lot more likely you'll get reported for verbal abuse if you try to take it out on him, and honestly? He/she isn't worth a time ban on your own account, just because you're frustrated. Better to mute him, play the game out, report him at the end, and move on.
1	The problem with Shaco is that he literally does his own thing the entire game.  Roaming, ganking, picking fights and deceiving away, setting up traps and waiting, talking smack in all chat.  He attracts the type of player that doesn't want to play as a team.  The result is a champ that is incredibly fun for the Shaco player, but incredibly unfun for the other 9 players.  Whether Shaco is on my team or the other team, he pisses me off.  He is the very definition of anti-fun, something that Riot has said they want to remove from the game.
1	Riot has a contract with the North Pole and unfortunately elves are unreliable and because of global warming their livable habitat is shrinking everyday so with less employees Santa must keep the elves working longer in his workshop so everyone can have a nice Christmas.
0	Protip: go to a thrift shop and get either a navy or charcoal suit. Black belt and shoes. Bam. Formal wear.  A dark blazer and match the pants as best you can if you must.   Provided you don't gain a lot of weight you can wear the damn thing forever.
1	Well, I'm glad to see for once someone actually acknowledging that hey might have done something wrong instead of the usual "Y I gt banned for this ROIT PLS!!".   Lets see:   Game 1: Your actions weren't really anything banworthy, maybe a bit yapping back to a flamer instead of just hitting ignore, definitely not ban worthy in most games (problem with tribunal is the 20 sec wait time, most people just scroll through and look for swearing and ignore the context). Most likely just a ragereport by Olaf or TF (1 report overall)   Game 2: You got goaded into an argument but once again, too often people at the tribunal simply look for purple ragetext. And once again only 1 report by all so a ragereport by Diana is likely. You should have most likely just hit ignore on Diana instead of going into the whole "pro pro pro" arguing   Game 3: Once again, you let yourself get dragged into an argument, no matter how faulty the Brand might have been, ignoring him is your best option. Once again, only 1 report and this most likely from the Brand. Yes, Brand deserves bans so much more than you do but the system sucks sometimes :S   Game 4: I see a repeating theme here, you are losing your temper. This time mostly by actions instead of speech of other players but nonetheless, you should just keep your opinions on your side of the monitor, typing to Sona how stupid he acted won't really help you at all (except make you feel better momentarily and then ending up regretting it later)   Final Game: Here we go again, nothing really banworthy except a few "STFU", but as stated earlier, people at the tribunal mostly just look for the purple text and ignore the stuff leading to it. Diana is much better candidate for bans in this game by his actions but since you are the one in tribunal, most of the people will skip over his parts.   So to sum it up:
1	Hey, as an avid Orianna player who picked her up when I first started the game - which, incidentally, turns out to be the time where she got the most nerfed - I think she's in a good place right now. She's strong enough that we occasionally see her in tournament plays (Salce, Froggen? ...)     R delay: I'm pretty sure the small delay is by design. I occasionally cringe when they manage to flash out of range or walk out because of that, but I've come to accept that my ball placement isn't good enough yet.   She doesn't have crazy damage but can be useful through a whole teamfight with her low cooldowns and good utility, which isn't true for burst casters such as Brand, Annie, Cassio and the like.   I have a feeling that if they buff the ball's speed they will need to nerf the rest of her kit to make up for it. It's probably the only thing that prevents her from dominating any opponent in mid-lane early - you have to be smart enough to predict the opponent movement or they have to be stupid enough to walk into your ball.   Movement speed: the MS steroid every 8 seconds or so makes up for it, especially since it's also an AoE slow for when you're running away/chasing.   Damage on E: I guess I would be fine with a slight buff there but I'm not sure it's really necessary.   Her passive is great for early engagements in lane or early ganks too, where you just need "that extra bit of damage". Also, in some teamfights/skirmishes, you're safe enough to be able to AA between your cooldowns, so it's far from useless in my view.
0	My dad complains that it's like a highway on our street due to the amount of traffic using it as a shortcut.  He is often woken up by the 4 giant snow clearing trucks during the snowy season.  Also whatever snow is on the road will be swept into a nice large pile in front of our driveway.
1	ZYRA PARTIALLY COUNTERS TEEMO. If you activate a plant on top of a teemo shroom, the shroom will pop. If you use a single seed with q(5 second cd) it is worth it to get rid of those pesky shrooms.
1	I think they handled it poorly. I don't remember who said it, but 80% of the people who lost their runes got them back shortly after the servers came back up. Yet, these people still got the RP. It would seem unfair to the majority, because those 80% couldn't have possibly been playing, anyway.   Now, had they credited the 20% that didn't have their runes back immediately, I'm sure there would be much less of an uproar (give or take the few that cry regardless of what Riot does).   I don't care either way (obviously I want free RP but I'm not going to ragequit/ragepost/kill babies over it).   Also, Pendragon may have trolled a little bit too hard.
0	You're right, teachers do still have to work over summer to better their teaching abilities, attend teaching clinics, develop and set the curriculum for the future and much more I'm sure. But think about all the ways students are bettering themselves as well over summer break (or at least have the opportunity to). From the younger ages with summer camps and other things to learn different life lessons. Whether it be getting out and being social with others at weekly summer camps, or learning how to build a fire with boy scouts. Or possibly playing with other kids on recreational sports teams, etc. This opens up different ways of team building for the kids and different learning tactics in irregular environments. Sure it's not necessarily "working" but kid are sure as hell learning some big things everyday that will help set the stone for the rest of their lives. Or what about college kids? Sure they can take summer school and take classes year round. But being able to take the summer internship will benefit them tremendously in the long run. Hell, some students  need  the summer job to continue to attend college. I hope it doesn't sound like i believe teachers are pointless and don't actually work  that  hard. They really do work hard, it is astonishing. Teachers are under-appreciated. But that week break in the middle of each semester could be used to the advantage for both the students and the teachers. We all need to step away from school/work for a little while.
0	Because she can't separate the condoms and your sexuality in her mind, and is having nasty intrusive thoughts that she's denying by hiding the condoms from sight rather than you.
0	I've always disagreed with this statement. I'm a simple guy that enjoys very very few things but ask me what i don't like and you got a list longer than a toilet paper roll.   I'm extremely negative and almost always stuck in a perpetual state of sadness and depression or neutrality of being unhappy with myself or anything i ever do/say, so finding someone who actually just wants to be with me makes me stop and think about them and all the shit they are willing to put up with from me just to be around me and it kinda makes me happy, happier then I could ever make myself on my own
0	Although that is a popular meme, I really do think that way, and often cause awkward situations IRL because of it.   In this case, she had already spoke about it in a different reply, otherwise I would have not thought to ask. I felt uneasy asking, but went ahead anyway, trying to be less direct about it with an immature term "romantic lovemaking".   I already explained why I would ask an asexual that question.   My social skills aren't that great, so sometimes I can be misunderstood, and I can cross the lines without understanding what I'd done wrong. In this case, with the reasons I have given, I felt that it wasn't bad as the topic had already been mentioned.   If I wanted to talk about creepy/perv things, there are much more interesting targets in this thread. This one however, intrigued me as it isn't something I am familiar with. If I were familiar with it, perhaps I would have known better in the first place.   And after all that, we probably still won't come to terms because we just don't think alike.   P.S. that subreddit is interesting.
1	I can say that they don't need to do this just to attract new players but to retain old ones as well. I uninstalled League a few days ago because I realized two things:   1) My rune setups all became incredibly out of date with the last patch (I had armor yellows for every page and basically nothing else available, lifesteal quints for when I played marksmen, and so on).   2) I would have to spend several  weeks  playing league to update them, since I only could play 1-3 games per day tops thanks to college taking up a good chunk of my time.   That plus me getting tired of putting at least one player on ignore  every game I played  meant that I had literally no desire to play. Hell, the last time I played was two games when URF came out, and before that was an ARAM back in 4.2 or 4.3.
0	OP is a crazy lying fuck, downvote and move on.   18Bfriendzonest [-1][S] -9 points 6 months ago (10|19)   Original: Me and my husband have been married for a year now and I am beginning to think he has been cheating on me. My husband is very wealthy and this makes me think he may be using all this money he has to cheat on me. Because I was feeling this way I got him a chastity device and I got him to wear it. He made me take it off after three days saying "It is uncomfortable, I cannot pee right." I think he is lying. Why would he need it off if he is not with someone else? I do not know what to do, should I divorce him?
1	Stay away from him early game if you're a squishy. I only saw one player using him and he was stacking CDR items which, if I understand the nerf notes, only helps early game. He was played very aggressively in the early game which could hamstring champions who depend on a high CS.   Mid game I went 1v1 against him with Mundo and it wasn't even close. Although it was the first game I played as Mundo, and Croc was well geared at midgame due to his early game ownage.   Late game, however, he was dropping fairly quickly during team fights and even 1v1. Although, the player who was using him was not all that great. (Would take 2 or 3 v1 and tower dive at less than half health)
0	I think the problem with most videos is that they're extremely biased.   Most people watch some one sided video that doesn't give all of the facts or the impacts that supporting their particular cause might have.  Suddenly you have all kinds of new experts on some issue who don't actually know what's going on.  The awesome power of candidate political ads are a great example of this.   Nothing pisses me off more than someone reposting some candidate's political ad with some comment about how right they are.  This extends to particular social issues as well.
1	In my opinion Thresh is currently in a fine spot after all the nerfs he has gotten.   I understand the lantern nerf because the ability was designed to be a saving ability for only 1 person, it shouldn't shield the whole team. The thing I am mostly worried is, how will the shield choose the target? If you throw it in middle of 4 people will you randomly shield the wrong target? With this change though they should add more shield value since it is not that big at the moment.   The box nerf I don't really understand. I have always liked the concept of the ability since you trap people inside there and you can hook or flay them back in if they are trying to escape. I feel with this new change it is way too easy to escape the box and not suffer any consequences. I honestly think they should not implement this nerf because box already got nerfed with the casting time not long ago. I am fine with the casting time, but I don't really want the abilitys concept to get destroyed.   Also about the item changes... Talisman and Mikaels are awesome items for Thresh and many other supports. We all know Thresh loves cooldown reduction and now Talisman will only give 10% which is rather sad. This will delay your 40% cdr a little, but I hope the movement speed bonus on talisman will be worthy enough. When you rush talisman,sightstone,boots and mikaels you sacrifice a lot of your tankyness to support your team. Chalice is getting nerfed as well so your are even more squishier than before.   I honestly think that Thresh will need some old nerfs reverted or these ones not implemented. Buffing his old tankyness back is one choice for example. His teamfighting will be hurt really badly if these changes go live. You will have 10% less CDR in teamfights, You can't shield multiple people and also your box is not that useful anymore. These changes will be kinda major to his peeling potential and overall gameplay.
1	Look closely.   > The making of a toxic douchebag ...   >... like me. This is less a rant, I am actually pretty calm right now, but more of an explanation, why there are people like me in this game, shouting at others and telling them after the game to leave ranked. If it happens to you over and over and over again that you bring your team in the lead, win lanes for them, push towers away etc. etc. etc. (see typical!!!! screenshot) and they refuse to listen to you, even though you ask them politely, i.e. without any "fk", "fking", etc. then I get mad and then I tell them, how they piss me off and why this community is so terrible. You will find a lot of tryhards in ranked like me. And you should accept it, as it clearly is a difference in words, when you compare it: normal -- ranked. It is NOT the same.
0	Unfortunately, it is becoming more common. Bankers look for ways to get new accounts all the time because they get bonuses based on the # of accounts opened during a certain time period. The latest way of doing this is a "minor savings" or "minor checking" account. These can be opened by just about anyone as long as they know the kid's SSI, and are SUPPOSED to help kids college funds, but the person who opened the account still has access to the money. I don't think many of the kids that have such accounts ever see the money or even know the account exists.
0	Stupid? Now if someone told her beforehand and she did it anyway, that's stupid. But not knowing beforehand? That's ignorance not stupidity. You can't get mad at someone for being ignorant because they don't usually have control over it. I never knew tattoo's like that were a thing in the holocaust until this thread. You calling her stupid is similar to calling me stupid. Are you saying that I'm stupid because I've never come across this before? No one ever told me about it and I can't do research on something I don't know about.
1	Cho'gath: Hiemer, Hiemer 100%. I play Cho a lot (and yes, Gentleman Cho skin, the only skin for him). I enjoy going mid as him and confusing the fuck out of people. Counters that I've found aren't really items but rather people. But Hiemer is amazing against Cho, his turrets don't get knocked up into the air by Rupture and Feral Scream doesn't do much against them.  Plus they take longer to kill than standard creep.  Hiemer meanwhile can pick at you from a different spot with his full range of abilites while his turrets go to town on you and your minions.   CC Cho away from you on all costs, so he can't Feral Scream silence you (and preventing you from helping with a 2-3 second silence, which can help save your teammates) and will keep you out of Rupture range, which will slow you and prevent you from running away if his teammates show up.   Also, don't run from a Feast'ed Cho, he's not that scary. Yes he has a lot of HP, but that's about it. His only plus as a tank is having tons of HP, which makes him take longer to kill.  If you get in a team fight, focus him last because he is a tank that can't force you to fight him, as he doesn't have a taunt like Shen, Rammus, or Galio.
1	Probably a little late in here but im posting anyway.   I think the reason you got reported is because you stopped trying or at least made it seem like you stopped caring about the game once you knew you are doing really bad. You didnt even try to redeem yourself.   You became very lighthearted, joking around, throwing smileyfaces through the chat instead of clinging on to the game and trying to change tack. You made it very clear that you wanted this to be over with, seemingly ashamed of how you played up until this point. What you dont realize is that others feel really annoyed by that. They were still trying, they didnt do all that bad, they were willing to carry you, but quickly realized you gave up.   Dont get me wrong, it's a very healthy attitude and makes you able to go optimistic into the next game, but it's really not fair for those teammates who did well and are still willing to move heaven and earth to win with you on their backs. Teammates that hate being called "tryhard" and hate the "if it isnt me carrying I dont want to win" attitude.
1	Well, here's my pitch, and I hope I'm not too tough on you but I want to help. My usual response to people looking for advice is to  play  the game more, because experience will lead toward improvement. I checked out your profile and you have plenty of said experience, but something apparently isn't clicking for you.   At this point I have no doubt that your cs and basic mechanics are intact and just dandy, but what I suspect may be your issue is when it comes to making the so called "grand decisions" of the game. Every game is determined by a few important actions/turning points, but you're only in control of your own. I think mechanically you match or exceed everyone where you are right now at your skill level.
0	Oi! No sensible arguments to be had with the likes of her. A troll in an aging porn star's skin, she is. She'll invite you onto a milf shoot, bite off your cock, and mount it on a pole attached to the flag. She masturbates with the tears of the poor while minorities are forced to read her books aloud. Her vacation home in Mos Eisley has a Sarlacc Pit in the guest bathroom that has a penchant for illegal immigrants and her vagina was the cause of the last ice age. Her stance on abortion is only a clever ruse so that she can consume babies alive so she can cut cancer farts at modern science exhibits. If someone says her name out loud, Voldemort shits himself and Satan locks his car doors. [Sixteen]( people were killed in a flash fire on the ninth floor of the Hartford Hospital in Hartford, Connecticut the day she was born...God had missed the proper hospital and then declared himself an atheist.
0	Funny story about that:   There was a kid that use to say that all the time to me, but then one day he went to far. So I decided to punch him in the face. He ran home and told his dad. He came back with his dad and was like "ha. now my dad is gunna beat you up then we'll sue you."   Little did he know his dad was there to make him a man. His exact words were "If you are going to act tough, you have to learn to fight."   I started laughing my ass off! His face was priceless!   So, since i landed one blow already, i thought i'd be a gentleman and let him have the first blow on the actual battle.   He slapped me...   I got so infuriated that i went super saiyan on his ass. I just wasn't stopping. I was destroying his face.   The best part was that his dad just sat there and watched his son get whooped!   It ended when he backed up into a hair and fell over. He was crying hysterically.   His dad then told him that he was an embarrassment to the family and left him there.   It was one of the highlights of my life. It felt so good to put that kid in his place and I lived happily ever after!
1	I clicked the video for an informed comparison of the dynamic of the two games, not to hear this loser complain about my possible prejudices.
1	Gonna try and think up an item and it's cost:  120 AP  250 Health  15 MPen   AP value + Health Value + MPen Value:  2610 + 667.5 + 400 = 3777.5 rounded down to 3700 total price for cost effectiveness, subject to change   NLR and Guise costs:  1600 + 1485 = 3085   Total cost - Build Path cost 3700 - 3085 = 615 Build cost
1	Whats happening here, is that you are opening up the client while still having a game open.  From there you can still have the previous end game screen up viewing defeat/victory AND be looking at post game stats.  from there with the victory/defeat screen open you join another game and BAM the error youre blaming riot for, is actually ur own fault!
1	Not if you understand statistics.   He had a 88.6 or whatever ratio simply spamming punish. There's 2 things to take from this-     Of the cases  this individual  judged, that punish rate was significantly high.     There is also a decent chance that 2 or 3 cases per day were very close to borderline. Looking at my voting record, I woud say that cases labeled 'Majority' or 'Minority' are close to breaking even, given the presence of 'Overwhelming Majority', 'Strong Majority', and other modifiers. Out of the 77 completed cases I've reviewed since the Tribunal update, 18 fell into these categories. Thats more than a quarter of the cases that were decided by only a few votes. Back to this case- If all of his punish spamming tipped the scales in favor of punish, it's going to artificially inflate his percentage correct. I'm not sure exactly how many people judge each Tribunal case, but I would feel safe in venturing it's not more than 10-15 votes per case
1	Wat? are you serious? I got raged at, being 12/2/10 Jax split pushing and TAKING THE ENEMY INHIB, because this guy playing Corki gets caught out every other minute in the game and they lose teamfights 4v5 (anyway they didn't have to fight).
1	Seems OP to me. His laning is so powerful. If you auto him once then he flings you into his creeps and slows, making you take tons of creep damage while he whacks you and W's you. If he has a good amount of HP from Doran's shields or whatever his W does insane damage. Plus, at low levels it's hard to kill any Volibear with a brain since his passive heals a lot in lane.   Saying that Volibear's Q is worse than Singed Fling is stupid. He gets a good MS buff for 4 seconds while Singed gets a worse MS buff from his ult. Plus he has a nice slow like Singed's slow but it's easier to hit.   Also, a good Volibear can do very good damage with HP items and a Wit's End with his W which is a super powerful nuke and R autoattacks.
1	Meh just some drama the community sees fit to judge. Dyrus raged at Reginald. Reginald raged back and kept on raging at Dyrus. Now Dyrus apologized and Reginald apologized people still keep on bashing Reginald even though Dyrus started it.
0	240 18yo male here: I consider myself to be really fat, so while I'm pretty sure I'm just fueling fire in this flame war and your recent history suggests you're an anomaly to human kind, I have something to say:   Personally, I'm really ashamed of being fat. Back when I was younger(basically up until I was 13), I had never really considered my diet or my exercise habits: I'm pretty sure I would have at least two sodas a day and calories did not matter to me as much as they do now.   Why does this matter? It's because I am aware that I'm fat, and that I really do feel bad. But the thing is, I know I'm fat: I'm changing my ways just so I can feel better about myself. I personally work out about 3-4 days a week(not as satisfactory as I'd like, but I'm a college student so I'm somewhat busy and I'm pretty lazy as a person) and I watch my calorie intake to the best of my ability. I'm working at losing weight, and I'm so happy when someone says "man, you've been really working at this!" in the gym.   The thing is, with people like you around, we enter this vicious cycle of depression and angst, leading to (what we thought as normal) binge eating and bad habits yet again. As much as you'd like to think we're ignorant or oblivious to the fat jokes around us, we know what's going on. The only way I stopped my friends from making any more fat jokes was by making fun of myself so often they just didn't know what to say.   That said though, I'll keep working to the best of my ability and I'll do my very best to not be so "fat-induced" for people like you.
0	Brandishing is when it is exposed in a threatening manner or with implied intent to use it. If I confront somebody on my property at 2am with a shotgun in my hands I brandished a shotgun (this isn't illegal though) or if someone is in an argument and pulls their coat to the side revealing a pistol in their waistband (this is typically illegal) it's brandishing. Exposing would be if I accidentally reveal my holstered gun or take out a gun in a non-threatening manner and without implied intent of use (ie showing somebody who asked, getting it out of the way to get to my wallet, etc.) In your situation it was a mistake on his part for causing it to look like brandishing when he was exposing his gun. Sorry for the long response.
1	ASSUMING it's true you can kill a ward, it would still be unfair to remove the temporary invulnerability of the minions.   If someone were to TP into a fight using a minion, an enemy would instantly see the minion, and have 3.5 seconds to kill it. Not having to use a sweeper, and also beeing allowed to use spells makes 3.5 seconds a hell of a long time to kill a single minion (except superminions). Just imagine Ziggs throwing a single bomb 700 range away and instantly the TP threat is nullified.   The wards on the other hand can be placed everywhere. Movig to the location of the ward that's beeing TP'd on, dropping the sweeper and killing it is alot to do in 3.5 seconds, considering there's most likely enemies nearby ready to kill you if you waste your attacks in the middle of a skirmish.
1	There is demand for eSports, look at twitch's incredible growth. There is an increasing demand for video games, look at GTA V or Minecraft. eSports are hard to understand for older people that didn't grow up with them, or who just find it alienating. It's a disconnection between generations. And like there is demand for eSports and video games, there is demand for people catering to the older generation's close minded idiots. Sorry if it may sound harsh, but I find it hard to call someone who doesn't understand something and immediately hate it for being different than what they are used to. That thinking is what slows down progress. Now this straw men journalists merely cater to that niche. Because it's easy to write articles that only seek appease a certain audience's ego. It's sadly how most journalism is done today, it just appeases a huge enough number of people that they can just ignore it.
0	I just gave up drinking coke 5 weeks ago. I used to wake up every night with crippling acid reflux and I'd vomit acid like the little dinosaur that kills Newman in Jurassic Park. I've only done so once in the last 4 weeks.
1	I was an avid Starcraft player for like the past 10 years, played BW up until I got a beta for SC2 and played it incessantly. The longer I played sc2 however the less I enjoyed it. It's lonely as fuck, I had several people to play team ladder with and it's not very fun. So I would ladder 99% of the time, and although I got to like top masters during my peak it felt like a really hollow achievement. Most of the games were stale, meta rarely changed and consisted of people using the same 2 or 3 builds per matchup. I really feel like Blizzard dropped the ball, they could have had such a big audience, the growth in 2010/11 was insane but they did very little to nurture it and while mechanically it is very challenging, I feel like the casual/'fun side' and even the strategy side of the game is very underwhelming
1	ACtually, there are some reasons why I don't take drugs. It costs a lot financially, you might get criminal esp. if you are OOM (out of money), but I also think the short-term happyness/consumption doesn't outweight ALL the trouble you have afterwards, such as drug withdrawal with pain and whatever connected to it.
0	I haven't seen many episodes of Pawns Stars but the ones I have seen it has a lot of historical context with all the stuff they buy, sure there is some random shit at times but every item they give a brief history on it or the person to whom the item relates to.   I would rather see one 30 minute show and learn about a model T car or a 200 year old gun or a relic once owned by a very famous/influential person than watch a two hour long documentary on one topic that puts me to sleep  or bores me to the point of changing the channel.
1	Afaik Riot doesnt have own servers in europe it uses third party companies for that. Said companies dont have the resourses for how big EUW population is which results in many problems like we experience. Not sure if yesterday's problem have anything to do with it since it was about missing data after maintenace.   Riot said they are building a data center in europe which should be operational soon^tm ...   Apparently europe is like a nightmare for big online games, i think i saw someone say this kinda of problem has happened in other big games in the past.
0	I have a story about how the book store DIDNT screw me, I had a book for a business class (I had to buy my books from them new) it was like 242$ for this particular book, at the end of the semester, I checked online everywhere for how much i could sell it back for, and the best I could find was 90$ but I wanted to see how much the bookstore wanted to screw me over, so I walked my books down there. For this book, they offered me 121$ (Half of the brand new price) I said "I thought you were going to screw me over." Book store employee- "Nope  the school wants these books back for next semester, so we are offering more for certain books than you can get online." I actually sold two books for half their value, staggeringly higher than I could have gotten online.
1	If you really want to improve, you need to be able to play most role.   You shouldn't only practice one role, but if you really need to do it, play a champ that you can play top, mid, jungle or even support!   You want to be able to play champs that has ok/good early game, decent mid game and a really strong late game. That way, you just have to stall the game and just win because your champ is better than the other team.   But that kind of champion is really hard to find.
0	I've done everything from running a printing press, to law enforcement, to working as an engineer at a TV station, to heavy manual labor. I'm 60, and five years ago I was on a roof in 100+ degree weather shingleing (brutal). I couldn't believe it when my 34 year old son (no degree) quit his 9 to 5 office gig two years ago because "it was too hard". He hasn't worked since.  I've broken bones on the job, and came back the next day to do a full shift. Try working in a sweat shop factory for a few weeks (welding fumes everywhere, seriously dangerous equipment, Troglodyte co-workers and supervisors) and then fail to realize that working in an air-conditioned space on a computer isn't "too hard".
1	He is not as much dead weight as much as 4 man camped every game. In all of TSM losses teams normally camp the hell outta Dyrus and feed off of him to get the ball rolling. A lot of pros even foreign give Dyrus a lot of credit and Dyrus is normally even or very close in CS with 3+ deaths over the other top laner.   I'd Say the dead weight is putting every game on Bjergsen's shoulders. In a lot of the TSM videos he has whined in their loses where the team doesn't have mid priority. Yet Santorin is almost always camping his lane and he uses it as a scapegoat. Honestly they should focus top and mid IMO for the early game, and have mid help bot when Bjergsen gets ahead. Instead of focusing 85% of the resources mid and the rest bot.
1	I hate that this happened due to time restraints.  It was a bummer I'm sure to everyone watching the stream, but it was also difficult to watch in Dallas; a standing crowd was allowed to spectate 2-3 feet behind clg.eu in game one and dignitas's perspective had to be watched from an angle the way the booth was set up.  Personally I'm a huge Scarra fan and I love watching he and Froggen go head to head.  It saddens me a bit that I couldn't even clearly see what was going on even being there.
1	Can't agree enough. LoL is becoming one of the most anti-noob games. I wouldn't be able to start playing this game now.   Its pathetic, people are smurfing so that they can own new players, and then they rage at the new players for being new..   Also, nothing pisses me off more than the report function. At the end of every game (Sometimes not even the end), people always have to say "Everyone report X." It's very annoying, and the people saying it are hypocrites. You want to report someone for calling you a retard when you called someone else a retard 10 games ago? Seriously?   Regardless of all that though, I dont think there should even be a report function. It's an online video game, you should be able to say whatever you want to someone. If they're raging at you, then mute them. It's really that simple. Starcraft and Diablo 2 didn't have report functions (Well they kind of did, but it was a lot of work, and probably wouldn't get the person banned so no one used it) and everyone was far better mannered in those games.   Btw, I've never been banned, but I see people on forums complaining about being unfairly banned, and when I look at their tribunal case I agree with them; they really didn't deserve to be banned.
0	A yorkie showed up in my front yard.   I put up signs and checked with local vets and the police department, but noone came looking for him. At that point, they guessed him about 8-10 years old. When guesses put him at 14-16 years old, I had bonded with no animal in my life more profoundly than JD. The last couple years were a constant state of worry. It was when he started losing his teeth that I got worried. It was when he lost his first canine that I started panicing.   Unfortunately, my advise for current elderly dog owners would be, you'll know. Odds are it wont blindside you (well, it will, but not how you think). He was such a crazy, high energy, little thing that I figured he'd go out like a light bulb. One minute jumping around like he always did. Next stroked out dead.   Nope, one day he just decided he wasn't going to eat anymore. Being a yorkie (stubborn eaters), I had been through it and didn't cater to his denial for food for 3 days. Then I caved and got him a new brand hoping to get his attention. Then I tried going to the go to what got him eating when I first found him, lunch meat. After a week, I got desperate and got a baby syringe and started feeding him meat based baby foods.   I was unemployed at the time. It was horrible. I basically just laid with him and died with him. It was 2 or 3 weeks of spending my full days laying with him, trying to force feed him some baby food every 2 to 3 hours, watching him waste away, hoping as hard as I could that he would just eat something on his own again. It got to the point where he would get up and try to walk to his dog house, and would only be able to take a step or 2 before he collapsed. After this back and forth, him trying to get to his dog house, but not being able to make it, me picking him back up and bringing him back to the couch, I tried to feed him again and he immediately threw the food back up. It looked and sounded painful.   I had been wrestling with the thought, but that was the moment I thought "I need to call the vet". I couldn't compose myself enough to make the call, so my wife called a local mobile vet for us. I took him into his backyard, and he had a burst of energy (I think he knew) he hadn't had in weeks. Strong enough to walk half the length of the back yard to his favorite spot. He surveyed his yard from his favorite spot, hobbled back over to me, and collapsed on the ground. I picked him up, brought him back inside, and the vet arrived...   summation in the form of a
1	My top 5:     Chronoshift (resurrection + healing is the obvious #1)     Stand United (I've always had a thing for flying and teleportation, and since there is no technical "flying" ability, teleportation is a definite #2 for me. Also teleporting to a person no matter where they are is better than TF's limited range teleport to any point in my eyes)     Sanguine Pool (Not as practical as some of these other ones, but probably the best party trick ever. And you can dodge bullets and shit, which is pretty cool too)         Charm (Charisma is one of the most important traits to have, magical charisma that works on anyone can get you jobs, relationships, friends, and financial opportunities. Knowing how to balance this with natural charisma would be the hard thing, reliance would lead to fake relationships)       Twilight Shroud (invisibility isn't one of my favorite things, but it would come in handy sometimes. And I don't want evelynn's because permanent invisibility unless I assault someone seems pretty...iffy.)
0	This will be my first time telling this story on reddit.  Coming home from getting dinner for my wife and I on a rainy night, I'm going about 38 mph in a 35 zone.  Out of freaking nowhere, my window shatters. I had no idea what I had hit, and I couldn't see anything through the broken glass and rain, so I turned down the nearest street and stopped.  Upon stopping I was told by an eyewitness I had hit a pedestrian. I immediately called 911, gave them my information, and in about 4 minutes police were there.  I was on my way back to the scene (which was about 100 feet away from where I stopped), when I was met by officers with guns drawn.  I was told to get on the ground where I was immediately was pistol whipped and had my face forced into the asphalt.  I was arrested and put into the back of the cop car.  I was taken to jail where I was booked for felony assault, hit and run (even though I was mere seconds from the accident and only didn't stop immediately due to shock), and DUI.  The DUI was dropped as my bac was like .01 or something, they just thought I was drunk cause I admitted to having a drink about an hour earlier.  I lost my job working with foster kids, I had to sell my dream car to pay my lawyers and bail, and was in mental agony for months awaiting trial. The lady I hit was given 250 thousand bucks by my insurance company under the condition she refused the right to sue me in civil court later.  After months of bullshit and being drug through the ringer, I plead down to lesser charges just to be rid of the bullshit.  All this after being able to prove she wasn't in a crosswalk, was wearing all black, had a blood alcohol level of .34, and ran into me.  That drunk lady ruined my life.  I lost my life savings, the dream job I had worked so hard for, and the child I had been fostering for over 6 years.  I had to rebuild, and I wish to everything I could sue her.  Things happen, shitty, shitty things.  I'm gonna have to identify with Stacy on this one.
1	I'm hovering around Gold 1 and I main top. I've tried everything I can think of in an attempt to find a top laner that doesn't either lose lane horribly to Ryze, or doesn't get drastically outscaled by Ryze.   Any melee-range laner is pretty much out of the question, but I've tried Jayce and staying back and poking, but if I miss an accelerated blast, he just runs at me while it's on cooldown and way outdamages me. Then, if I try to knock him back with hammer-form, I just get rooted in place and take an extra Q. Besides all of this, his ranged form isn't actually that long of a range if you can't EQ.   I've tried Vlad and just letting him shove to turret and try to stay out of his range. I lose a lot of CS to the turret and being zoned, though, so he usually outscales me pretty hard.   Someone like Kennen I thought might be good but I haven't had success with it.   Mundo gets punished very hard before he gets any MR, and even after that you still get outscaled overall (Ryze will do more damage, as well as being very tanky)   The only thing I've found that can beat Ryze is heavy jungle pressure and camping, which isn't always a possibility, and if my jungler  can't  come top frequently to help, the lane just goes completely awry most of the time. I've just been asking the team first pick to ban him, and if he isn't banned, then to just hope they don't pick it.
0	I had a car payment accidentally come out of my credit union account, which I wasn't using for anything at the time, which had a whopping $15ish in it. They bounced the payment, then charged me a $50 fee for the "convenience", cancelled my account without ever contacting me, and sent the remaining $35 fee to a collections agency. They never once contacted me about any of it, I had to find out from the collections agency because I didn't realize it had happened and had already made the car payment using my regular account just assuming it hadn't gone through because of some bank error with my regular bank. The whole time I just thought it had been an error with my regular bank, I had no idea that my car payment tried to come out of my credit union account.   Not only all of that, but previously I'd stopped using the credit union because they had NO way to deposit cash because there were no local branches and the ATM's they contracted with don't allow deposits. To make a Check deposit I'd have to go to this one particular UPS (yes, UPS) branch and have them deposit the check (no cash) to my bank account through their register.
0	My 4 year old neighbor could take her seatbelt off, her mom was basically fob from iraq and lived here for a couple years, she eventually got her liscence and began to drive, her daughter herself and her 20 year old neice were in the car while she went 60 on a sharp turn coming out of the highway when the car flipped 3 times and her daughter gotout of her seatbelt beforehand and she flew out the2 back and gashed her head open, my mom was on the phone when the with the translator when the nurse came in and told the mom that her that her daughter was dead.
1	So, you are saying you dont belong in Bronze, right? If you dont belong in Bronze, you would be able to climb out after some Time. Where do you think have most of the Gold/Platinum or even Diamond Player started in Ranked?   Bronze, my Friend. But these People had enough Skill and were passionate to climb the Ladder to the League where they are now. Hell, even i started in Bronze back then i started playing Ranked. Took me a Week to get out of Bronze. Four more Weeks to get Gold. You know why? Because the only one i gave a Shit about was myself. I NEVER blamed anyone for there Mistakes or Missplays. The only Player i blamed was MYSELF. If someone started Shit in Chat = Ignored. It's as easy as that. I tried to improve myself over the Time rather than improving my Teammates.   And why would you flag someone as Feeder? This would end up in horrible Witchhunting and even more qq from People like you because ''i only get matched with tagged Feederteammates, GG rito qq''
1	SGS had a really strong early game in mid and top lane.  Tofu's Rumble snowballed pretty hard, and Chawy's Karma always had ReginaId pushed under his tower.  However, a combination of TSM's botlane outperforming SGS's and a few mistakes from SGS put TSM back into the game.
0	If you watch his UK Kitchen Nightmares you can see his true personality. There is still some of that brash attitude but he also genuinely cares about the people he is helping.   He is also a big supporter of a charity dedicated to helping addicted food service workers clean.
0	Don't forget to eat enough calories and protein and make sure you fit it into your sleep schedule.
0	If he gives you a bad reference, sue him.   Most companies in America won't give any sort of reference because it opens them up to lawsuits.   When I managed for Chipotle, we were told to not even bother calling references and if anyone called us for one, I couldn't say anything.  I had to give a 1-800 number that would only tell callers the dates someone was employed with us.
1	That's already been dealt with though.  The point of this post now is the fact that Riot is basically removing ALL importance of mid game.  I've noticed that it is a bit frustrating to be supporting an ADC, we win lane really hard, but then after shutting them down to like, 1/9 or something, they come back because my team accidentally gets caught or something.  I'm not okay with the fact that we COULDN'T come back at all before these changes, but I also feel like if they remove the importance of early game completely, then what's the point of playing the early game champions like LeBlanc?   I really like the idea behind Riot wanting to stop snowballing, but nerfing early game to the point where it doesn't matter isn't the way to go about it in my opinion.  When you can just turtle the game out for 50+ minutes and still win even though the enemy team is 15k gold ahead and 20+ kills ahead of you, it's not right.  Snowballing does have a place in LoL, however not like it did before.   I think that in order for snowballing to work right, is that if you win laning phase, good for you, they can still come back.  However, if you win 9/10 team fights, the other team shouldn't have the ability to win just by turtling everything out.  It's ridiculous at that point, because if you literally get  that  far ahead, but they still win because they had more tanks to turtle out the team fights or sieges, I don't feel like that's a good idea.
1	Why can't we have a possibility of changing a champion when we are already in group? We would just change it, then if team captain approves we change champion, if he doesn't, we stay with an old one. If I join que as Jinx, and I see team could really use Sivir, why can't I do a simple change? I agree that que should start with picking role and champion, but that's it, after joining group I can just go afk, since there won't be any talking since we can't change our champions, all we can talk about is a simple plan for the game(so far in chat I've seen hoping for a missing player, nothing related to game). And since we can't change our champion, we can't adjust to potentially better strategy as we talked what we could get to make it a better comp. Right now when I que for team builder I feel like I'm wasting time, I have 10min+ que time in blind pick and it still is faster than team builder and has the same effect.
1	The odds are stacked against you, putting your skill and history aside, there are only a small percentage of professional players out of the whole community.   Understand what professionally players do. As a professional player you are contracted to a team to play in tournaments etc. afaik you are paid a salary so like any other business you are expected to get results.   When you compare your situation to that of a nba/nfl player you forget how mainstream those sports are within society and how talent is coached from a very young age. Had you been nurtured to play LoL by experienced professional gamers then you could use that comparison to bring into question why it's improbable for you to turn pro.   By no means am I saying you CAN'T be professional, I'm a believer that you can be what ever you want if you dedicate yourself. Just don't ruin you life to "go pro" because if you do you'll have nobody to share that experience with and will be very empty.
1	Try googling for ui mods, there's a few available. If you have no luck, perhaps try finding someone who knows how to make'em and ask nicely. =P   Could you perhaps post a screenshot, though (there's a special button for that in LoL, IIRC, BTW, I don't think printscreen works)? So we can see what's up - because, honestly, I had mine set to ~1/3 of the way down, and IMO the UI still took up too much space, and everything was too big, but I found a neat UI mod with great instructions on how to install after a short search with google and everything looks way better! =)
1	Actually, SCII has been criticized for nerfing too early as well. Coming out of SC:BW, a lot of Starcraft players were uncomfortable with how much Blizzard got involved with balance rather than letting players iron it out themselves. One particular time this happened a lot of people were on the fence as to whether Blizzard should or should not have gotten involved. Back a little over a year ago in one particular matchup (PvP), the meta strat was to 4gate. If you didn't, you probably died to one. So every PvP for a while was always the same strat for many months. Eventually Blizzard came in and nerfed some timings and other things so people could get away from that. Many pros were upset because at the time of the nerf some particular pros were finally finding a way to break the meta but it never got to develop because Blizzard had stepped in. Some pros were complaining that Blizzard was too hands on in SCII and that this didn't happen as often in SC:BW which allowed BW to develop as amazingly as it did. The other side to this was that the lower level players were getting frustrated with only 4gate and so Blizzard had to appeal to the masses since it is a business after all.
1	No, just keep playing, you're definitely where you're suppose to be, and that might only last a couple of days or maybe weeks and you'll be climbing. I started playing in the middle of Season 2, the moment I hit lvl 30; I jumped into a ranked game and kept playing and eventually I had hit 480 ELO, but I kept playing and learning, I finished Season 2 at silver, then in season 3 I went from silver to platinum 3. If there is one thing that happened everytime I had hit a new tier, it was that I would hit Gold 1, then fall down to Gold 5, then just over 2 day's I climbed to Platinum, same thing is happening now, I had hit Plat 1, got in my promo's, failed now i'm plat 3, but I'll hit Diamond some day, just keep going.
1	This all day long, i was on with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after learning the maps and controls and such like against AI, we told everyone before hand he was new and he went Ashe, i took Pantheon and we said we were going top lane. Soon as we start two other guys went top and we got barrated with things like "little noobs go bottom" "GG guys lost already got a noob", now i'd like to state im level 15 now, and even though these guys claimed to be on Smurf accounts and were going to boss the game, they fed and the lane collapsed and they blamed it on us for being noobs even though our lane stayed strong and i ganked mid a couple of times to help out.
1	As I said before retention rate is pretty important (mine wasn't nearly as good as his.) also my cpm was like .8 or something with TGN before I switched to polaris where it went up to like $1/1000 views (I think it can go up to 2.50 in my contract, but that wouldn't ever happen.)   Anyways Pewdiepie has a premium network, I guarantee you every network on yt offered him a contract cause they want his views and money, so obviously due to competition he got a hella good contract. I bet he's got at like $2.50-3+ per 1000 views. I worked out how much he makes in a year before, I think it's about  2mil. Then you gotta add on sponors (if he has any) and merchandise and a shit ton of other stuff (
0	Another tip: spend the first part of your sexy times focused on her completely, don't worry about her touching your wiener. Two or three good solid orgasms on her part will pave the way for lots and lots of wiener play.
1	You're assuming this guy is one of the guy's that gave money. 'Reddit' didn't throw thousands of dollars at it, a very small proportion of redditors did. I like the
1	EYE CATCHER   Hey reddit. I'm LagsAlot.  I'm a high diamond level midlane main on EUW.   I  upload things made by myself like  Montages ,  Commentaries ,  little Guides  and some plays by myself. Example : **[Reverse Twisted Fate Outplay](   Come and visit my stuff if you are interested in the things I am doing. I try to upload as many videos per week and I don't have a real schedule but I try to upload atleast 3 videos a week.   Click [ here ]( to see my  1st Midlane Montage  including Nidalee, Yasou and Zed plays and [ here ]( to see my  Nidalee only Montage . [ Here ]( you can see my  Youtube channel  at all.   I wish you a wonderful rest of your life.   Have a nice day.
0	This is just plain wrong.   On communicating with third parties:   "(b) COMMUNICATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.  Except as provided in section 804, without the prior consent of the consumer given directly to the debt collector, or the express permission of a court of competent jurisdiction, or as reasonably necessary to effectuate a postjudgment judicial remedy, a debt collector may not communicate, in connection with the collection of any debt, with any person other than a consumer, his attorney, a consumer reporting agency if otherwise permitted by law, the creditor, the attorney of the creditor, or the attorney of the debt collector.   So unless you're skiptracing for location information, in which case you must    (1) identify himself, state that he is confirming or correcting location information concerning the consumer, and, only if  expressly requested , identify his employer;    Also   Does the FDCPA require disclosure of a callers identity to a non-debtor third party?   The U.S. District Court of Maryland recently ruled on this issue and the answer appears to be No.  See Lynn v. Monarch Recovery Management, Inc., 2013 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 41700 (N.D. Md. March 25, 2013).  The issue of whether a debt collector violates 15 U.S.C.  1692d(6) by failing to provide meaningful disclosure of its identity to a non-debtor was at issue in a suit brought by a non-debtor who alleged he was being harassed by calls from a debt collector seeking to recover debts incurred by either a prior resident or the non-debtors brother.   While the FDCPA requires that a debt collector provide meaningful disclosure of the callers identity, see 15 U.S.C.  1692d(6), it also prohibits a debt collector from communicating with any person other than the consumer in the collection of debt.  See 15 U.S.C.  1692c(b).  There is tension between these provisions as a debt collector confronted by a third-party gatekeeper . . . while attempting to contact the debtor, cannot both provide meaningful disclosure pursuant to  1692d(6) and comply with the requirements of  1692c(b) preventing the disclosure of a consumers personal affairs to third parties.  Lynn v. Monarch, 2013 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 41700 at *35, citing, Fashakin v. Nextel Communications, 2009 WL 790350 (E.D.N.Y. March 25, 2009).   To reconcile the apparent conflict between these two provision, the court granted summary judgment to the debt collector holding that Monarchs failure to meaningfully disclose its identity to a non-debtor plaintiff cannot subject it to liability under  1692d(6).  The ruling confirms that the FDCPAs meaningful disclosure requirement is limited to communications with a debtor.
0	Dear OP,   I do not celebrate my birthday. I do not  like  celebrating my birthday. I don't celebrate it with my family, and they have the decency to not force cake and ice cream on me, a diabetic guy, to celebrate something I do not wish to celebrate.   So, what makes  you  feel so entitled?
1	Maybe our cards dealt differ.   My experience people pick lanes just to tell you how to play yours. You could be 5-0-3 as an ADC 10 minutes in, but if your CS is only 50, you're bad. Or if we don't get first blood it's AFK time. Or if they messed up an invade/smite steal they AFK. Or the guy that just beats down a teammate for being "Bad," literally just going off. And when they get muted, they find a new ear to vent to about them, whether it is the other team or us. Effectively they just started up LoL to argue. Or the racists. Or the Jungle that doesn't gank, he just comes to each lane and steals farm. Then proceeds to dive enemies hugging their turret after stealing a few waves. Ends up feeding a lane. People don't ward or call mias. And forget constructive criticism, not even the direct kind. I could ask "Lets get some more wards out on the map," and get told to "Fck u men, wrd suport not me job. N0b." Or I have even rewarded Baron+Dragon as an ADC/Top/Jungle/ even warded Tribushes and River when I didn't see my team with them just to get told "Asshole, warding it my job. Stop!"   None of this is an exaggeration, all of that has and does happen. Drives me insane. It severely cripples my morale. But I guess, pun intended, "Diamonds are made under pressure." If capitalizing on every mistake I possibly can, and ramifying any mistake my team makes is what I need to do to climb the ladder, so be it. Those skills are probably vital to top-tier success anyway.   Overall, there are so many minor things in Solo Q, that it is very hard to attempt to carry your team to victory. I feel like the planets have to align with God's butthole sometimes.
1	Okay, I think you misunderstood what I said. I understand that pidgin is an alternative messanger. I was dumb to assume that others have basic programming skills, sorry about that. You see there is a variable in league that represents your status, when you type in that text field you're changing that variable, in the league client this variable is also programmed not to exceed x amount of characters. In cheat engine you can allocate this variable in the way I told you, then edit that variable in a way that is not allowed in the client since cheat engine doesn't even "see" that in the lol client this variable is limited. Pidgin doesn't see that this variable is limited as well, which means that if you change the variable (your status) in pidgin you don't have a limited amount of characters, if you have to allocate it or not isn't really relevant. In other words, any 3rd party program that lets you edit your status in league, unless programmed to the same character limit, will let you to have a longer status message.   And depending on how the league client's servers work, in my theory this is what happens (since this is how most peer to peer networks work), this variable is stashed on a server and your local directory, when you edit the variable with a 3rd party program you never actually edit the servers data, you allocate the local data and change it, not the servers. But since lol is a semi-peer to peer network (peer to peer basically means that people are downloading info about about a summoner from the summoner in order to lighten the pressure from the lol client's servers) the variable is downloaded from your local directory when asked for, aka, when people on your friend list login. The only instance where the variable is changed on the servers is when you edit it on the lol client and press enter, at least of my awareness there's no 3rd party program that lets you send that kind of information to the servers. So your local variable isn't the same as the one on the server, it will appear as changed, temporarily (until you restart your lol client).
1	I think you might be missing my point, I'm not the best at explaining things anyways. Junglers in the current version of the game don't have as much of a problem with setting up ganks, especially at high levels of play. Most squishy champs have some form of escape (Corki with Valk, Kass with Void walk, Jax with leap strike) as well as flash being the most commonly used summoner spell. What counters escapes is hard CC (Fears, stuns and knock-ups) which eve has none of now and would have little of if this remake happened.   The remake that the person suggested is more centered around wards making the game slower paced. Junglers don't gank often enough to make the game fast paced because of wards currently but making new wards that gave less vision  of enemy champions would just make players turtle up and play even less aggresive.
1	But but, i tell you. these spells doesn't land at the same time? if i say there is a bug. there is a bug!
0	That's not what I meant but I can see how it looked that way. I meant in a strength sense like i've been arguing this entire time, If you looked at a graph of natural strength the man would be higher then the woman, in an emotion or thought process I would say women are above men. But when it comes to sleeping on the couch, our asses should be the first if such an act is necessary   EDIT:
1	Oh, do I have a story for you. I was placed in Silver V after completing the 10 seeding gamea. Being excited and all about being in Slver, I kept playing until I reached the promo series. I lost both games in a row because my team forced me to go support even though I kindly pleaded not to due to the fact that it was my worst role (it is now better than my adc). Both games I was made to support. In one of them, I kept getting caught, and the other one, my ADC was straight up stupid. After losing the promos, I was filled with rage and kept playing Ranked, hoping to go back to the promos. Unfortunately, I was blinded by anger and messed up more and went down to 0 points and stayed there for a week or two. I couldn't win games and ended up with a losing streak of 18 games :( My MMR got completely fucked and now is associated with one from Bronze V :/ hell, my friend in Bronze II has a higher MMR than I do even though I can easily outplay him.
0	Fine, a more technically nuanced reply.   You are talking about brute-forcing a password. That's a retard's game.   What you don't seem to understand is that passwords scale up exponentially. Hardware does not.   If I have a password that takes  x  tries to brute-force, if I add ONE letter, that same password is suddenly 26 times as difficult to crack. Not counting upper/lowercase or numbers.   How many times more powerful is your hypothetical hardware than a $400 laptop? 26 times? It's not. But if I were really paranoid, I add  yet another  single letter. Now the password will take almost SEVENHUNDRED times the time to brute force than the password I started out with. Can you buy a system that's 700x more powerful than a $400 laptop?
0	D.C. GAH. Young me (10-12 years old) and family went there a while back, and stayed for several days going to museums and the like. Well, I had a pair of jeans I really liked. Cargo pants. Heck yes. Little me loved pockets and putting stuff in pockets. They were even better than that, though, because they had zippers, and stuff wouldn't fall out! Now, the problem with zippers is that they're made of metal...but hardly any metal, right? Ha. So I put on my fly zipper and two pocket zipper pants, and we head to the Holocaust museum.   Now, the Holocaust already set me off. My parents had a hard enough time getting me to go into the building in the first place. We get our little booklet, and head through the detectors. I'm the third out of four to go through, and all hell breaks loose. Alarms beeping, guards running up and pulling me away from everyone else. Other guards are shoving my father away while he tries to comfort freaking-out little me, and all the while my mom can't even see what's going on because they haven't let anyone else go through the detectors. They bring out the wand and go allll over me with it. Every time it goes past the tops of my pockets, it beeps. They tell me to empty my pockets, but my pockets are empty. They tell me to stop hiding whatever it is, and just empty my pockets! Again, I tell them my pockets are empty!   Fast forward 15 minutes, a very angry father and mother stomp away from the security booths, followed by a small boy who is absolutely miserable, and a rather indifferent older sister. The boy curls up in the corner of each room of the museum.   It happens at every single museum he goes to that day.   He now has small panic attacks whenever he goes through store detectors. They're smaller than they used to be; his entire body doesn't tense and tingle, and his heartrate doesn't race, but the memory of that day hasn't left.   Oh yeah. Edit:
0	So, /u/cbessemer, what did you do last night." "Spent hours reading
1	I aint anything like that , I am the type of that that is tall , has belly fat yet I am really athletic ( top of the class except for doing shit like flips then I am average ). I am a strong guy but I am also a guy that is considered idk ... Chubby ? well no ... I don't even know what the word is. I call myself Fat cause honestly if I had any motivation I would lose weight really easily but I don't have the motivation and since I ripped some of my muscles on my legs and my achillies heel it has been tough losing weight cause most of the time it is just pure pain instead of stamina problems. I am a Muay Thai fighter but I stopped cause with Muay Thai and other martial arts , you put your body weight on one leg and since that just hurts too much for me to handle more than 30 minutes I can't do it. Running I can do maximal of like 2 minutes untill it starts to destroy my leggs and I have to take rests every 2-5 minutes and massage my legs. Thing is I am trying to lose weight but with everyone just saying that I should lose some weight it get's even more depressing cause it aint so easy trying to work out with a handicap like that.
1	You need to understand it from start to finish.  This is excellent decision making by both players.  Annie starts with a great 2 man flash Tibbers to stun both.  Jinx sees shyv coming and attack moves north to get away.  Annie waits to pop her shield to block all the burst from thresh and lucian.  Jinx starts running to get shyv to try and move ahead of her and open up the rocket.  Then the real clutch happens.  Annie drops a 2 man stun on the enemy team while barely avoiding the boxes insant kill and jinx pump fakes Shyv to get the rocket off.  Then Jinx having not blown her flash to do any of that runs away from her turret so Shyv is foreced to ult away from Jinx's safe point and flashs brush to brush as soon as he makes his move so he can't see her and she can get away.  After all that she uses her barrier to bait shyv away from her annie so that they can both get away.
1	Stop looking at what you  think  you are doing correctly.  Start looking at what you are doing wrong and how you can improve on it.   >I mained top.. from 50 games I lost my lane 5 times. I cant remember when enemy had better cs. I buy wards, ping. Watch the map.   What went wrong after you won lane?  (hint: winning lane doesn't really mean much unless you win lane like 5/0)   >I played support as no one wants it, so I thought ok... If I play this good it will increase my chances. My adcs usually have 20 cs by 15 minutes. I beg them not to push the creep wave as we will be ganked easily. They chase enemy, I ping ask them not to turret dive level 3 but they dont listen and then blame me for not protecting   Everything is just blaming your adc here.  What could  YOU  have done differently to change the outcome of the game?  Zone the enemy, lay deeper wards to have a long heads up for jungle, poke the enemy hard as a caster, etc.   >I played mid - the most picked role and the most difficult one. I'm nothing special here but at least I can farm decently and don't get killed if enemy is good.   Again, what did you do late game?  Winning lane honestly doesn't mean much in this game.   >Jungle - There's no way to do this properly. I'm not a pro, but last couple of games with Kha, I had the best KDA, only positive in the whole team.   This is the reason he is so popular.  4/5 games he will always have the best KDA on his team.  He's a powerful ganking early game champ.  What did you do wrong after laning?   >I place more wards as an ADC. Later they flame how my damage is weak. I had 4/6/19 as Cait for example.   Ok you died 6 times.  What could you have done to prevent any of those deaths?  Could you simply have placed your trinket wards better and just the occasional ward?  How was your positioning in fights?  Are you chasing after low hp enemies or focusing on just kiting the closest thing to you?
1	Very thoughtfull of you indeed, however i think it will be a non 'clickable' link and people would have to copy paste it into their browser. Some might do that but a majority will just click punish anyway, since that is the way things are dealt with in the tribunal.
0	I had a customer, who was the biggest spoiled princess I'd ever met. She came in the store, interrupted my conversation with another customer, and demanded sweaters. Every piece of merchandise I offered her was something she already had at home. Instead of handing it back to me or placing it down on the table, she rolled up the sweaters into balls and chucked them back into the shelves. She also knocked down clothes from the hangers and didn't even stop to even consider picking them up. She also handed me her iPhone and told me to charge it while she shopped. When paying for her sweater at the end, she threw her credit card and her ID at me. She was Canadian  (from Ontario in LA), so I was a little surprised that she was so mean. Well, since her phone was still dead, she had to ask me for directions. I lead her straight to Skid Row.
1	Well this is my theory, with all the knowledge and speculations we have so far. Vel'Koz is related to the Watchers, and Lissandra somehow. He is most likely a Watcher himself (Big eye, seen all over howling abyss, "Watcher"... how can you not name a guy with a big eye a watcher) The Frostguard Icon, also heavily looks like Vel'Koz. But he is also related to Xerath! If you look [here] ( several of these videos involve the Xerath rework, so what does this mean? People think that Xerath made a deal with the Watchers so that he can be freed from his chains. But how did Xerath come in contact with them? There was a reddit forum about this but I can't seem to find it. Also, if you look [here] ( the person is previewing Xerath's reworked skills, starting from Q-W but then he skips E and goes to his ultimate and that's when the Vel'Koz teaser appears... He then shows the ultimate and shows Xerath's E last. People have said that Xerath's E somehow looks like Vel'Koz's eye.            And about the numerous watchers thing, how DID Vel'Koz get through the gates? Why did he join the League of Legends? If you go onto the league of legends wiki of Howling Abyss, this is the story of the bridge, from Greyor the spirit who was bound to the bridge by Avarosa.   "Everybody's forgotten who built this bridge and why. Everybody's forgotten the war that gave this place it's scars. Everyone, but me. I was there! I saw the battle! I died here, and I never left this place! I was bound here to stand guard and sound my  war horn when our enemies come back. And now, now the howling grows louder, and I sense something evil stirring in the abyss, my hand reaches for my war horn. This place will soon see a battle again. One that will shape the Freljord for all time. And if the Freljord falls, so too will the rest of the world. Yes, this is more than just a bridge."   "now the howling grows louder, and I sense something evil stirring in the abyss, my hand reaches for my war horn". The Howling Abyss buzz was roughly 9 months ago... is this "soon" enough? But why would Vel'Koz join the league if him and his fellow Watchers got out? Wouldn't they want to regain control? The only answer to this could be that Vel'Koz was the  only  one who got out. How did he get out? We have the man of Chains Xerath, who's deal with Vel'Koz might've been "free me from my chains, and I'll help free your kind", but only released Vel'Koz from the gates, maybe because he didn't fully trust them? Perhaps Vel'Koz ran off from Xerath, and joined the League so they would free his kind? But how did Xerath free them? Maybe he worked together with Lissandra?             We must also keep in mind that Vel'Koz is from the void, which probably means the Watchers are all from the void too. This also means that all of Freljord have been exposed to it, (or at least Avarosa's generation) and that also means Lissandra's powers came from them. But if they were all from the void, how did they have ice powers? Lissandra's lore states   "Centuries ago, Lissandra betrayed her tribe to evil creatures, known as the Frozen Watchers, in return for power. That was the last day that warm blood ran through her veins."   Are Vel'Koz and the Watchers much more than just Void creatures? How did they give Lissandra ice powers? Why were they called Frozen Watchers, if Vel'Koz doesn't look anything near Frozen now?
0	I'm 48. If I started smoking 1 pack a day when I was 18 at an average cost of $5.00 I would have spent approximately $56620.00. I've got way more than that in my bank account but you can't see it, you'll just have to believe me, or not.
1	In season two tier one boots were 50 move speed and every champion was 25 move speed slower(they moved 25 from boots 1 into every champions base). So boots were a lot more important and since the jungler would also have boots due to machete not being in the game if you didn't get them it would be almost impossible to escape a jungle gank.   Also all of the dorans items were 475 in addition to losing the move speed from the boots. Lifesteal quints were not popular due to being a recent addition so the potions on an ad carry were fairly valuable as well.
0	While people probably won't see this, I'm a student going to a university that is one of the best public universities in the nation (and by some standards, world), and I'm doing okay considering my situation. I come from a middle class family, am white, and am not accumulating that much debt. I'm going for engineering so I should be able to pay it off.  However, thanks to scholarships (and ONE grant), I am pretty much not paying any tuition. My issue is that neither FAFSA nor my university care about medical debt. My mom had a fuck ton of health issues (heart attacks [yes, plural], a stroke, appendicitis, MRSA, a hole in her heart, triple bypass surgery, and stints) and has since only been off-on employed. My dad makes a decent amount of money, but due to the expenses of feeding a family of 4 (not including yours truly over at university), those medical expenses, mortgage, etc, I can't get much money from him to help me pay for living expenses. Overall, yes, it's expensive, but even with extenuating circumstances that my university does not care about, I'm not doing that bad.
1	or their other mantra "we heard your complaints and are working around them accordingly to make X champion/item more viable, we promise that this will be fixed soon" and it never happens
0	The morning wasn't without a little excitement. He caught one guy who was speeding. When the officer talked to him the first words out of his mouth were, "I don't have any drugs."   He called for back up and found a baggie of crystal meth in the center console as well as a gym bag full of wallets and a bolt cutter. Turns out he had been going to the local 24 Hour Fitness and cleaning out all the lockers.   The most surreal part for me was riding back to the station for booking. The officer was talking to me like it was an episode of COPS. "Criminals like these aren't that hard to catch. Why? They're stupid. Smart people don't do meth. Right, pal?" As he finished his sentence he tapped on the metal grate that separated us from the rear seat.   If any of you have a chance to do a ride-along I strongly recommend it. It humanized police officers for me and gave me a newfound respect for what they do.
1	its not really respectful to the other pro who was already in the analyst desk  you guys flaming and getting mad because "( insert pro name here) couldnt join at the world, therefore he should be at world analyst desk"  is not very logical move plus its really really disrespectful   for the love of god there is reason why scarra wasnt choose to be there or other pro players   i mean..... if you really wanted to see them at world too bad dude they didnt pass the playoff.... therefore no world for them be glad riot was nice enough to put pro players in anaylist desk   personally i dont think na people will understand how korea team will play and analyze since you guys barely beat them all you guys will do is " OH THATS SUCH A NICE MOVE" or " OH GOD ITS SO GOOD" "LOOK AT HIS MECHANICS PERFECT DECISION" i would rather have a interview with the winnning team just like ogn instead of some boring analyze that you guys cant pull off in rest of your life   i mean you guys love ogn and wants riot to follow like ogn have intro like ogn have tournement like ogn have team like ogn   might as well copy ogn from top to bottom
1	True, but you have to think of it in terms of user operations as well here. We're talking about well over a million people changing the list around at any given time. They could make the action be done locally to preserve server integrity, but simply thinking of this in terms of a local application is not in any way applicable here. This is a datastream that is modified by user actions, it really depends on how they retrieve/modify the team data. It could be that it's all stored locally, in which case this request would be easy you are correct there, but if they implemented it so that it's only one list (datastructure) that they store server side, then each team list is one list that is viewed remotely by multiple users. This is the most likely design decision they made unless they saw this request coming and planned for it. It's much easier to just store a list temporarily server side and display it to a user. Changing the list to local storage changes the variables effecting server stability. There are a lot more variables here than just a list in memory, and it all depends on where the list is stored and how they generate it.
1	Being an effective support hinges on your knowledge of several things:   1) Your team composition and knowledge of their abilities   2) Their team composition and knowledge of their abilities   3) Vision   -and a whole plethora of other factors.   Support has one of the hardest jobs because their role is to be the eyes and ears of the team. Micromanaging is difficult, but your teammates will (usually) appreciate all the knowledge you bring to the field.   The ability to micromanage at a high level comes with good ol' honest practice. One of the most important things to learn to manage are timers. I began by putting baron/dragon timers in chat and reminding my team of respawns about 1min-30sec before it happened. I started timing wards so our jungler knew when it was a good time for him to gank. Keep a close eye on the time, because constant awareness is your best friend.   The mental focus it takes to time all these things actually helped me tremendously when learning how to judge team fights.   In team fights, I mentally do an evaluation as to low and high risk teammates. If I see that our AP carry is going to be CCed down because our own CC missed, I make sure to prioritize saving that player. If I see our tank is successfully tanking all five enemies, I prioritize his defense. All of this happens in a split second and honestly comes with some more practice. Learn the signs of a risky decision and make sure to counteract it, and in some cases, protect them before the bad stuff even happens. Half a support players job is to make sure your team doesnt get into trouble in the first place, not just to bail them out of it.
0	Okay, story time.   Me and five buddies went to San Francisco for a musical festival a few months ago. Per the restrictions of the festival, you were not allowed to bring in any sort of alcoholic beverage at all. But being the poor college students we were we said "Fuck that, we're not paying 10 bucks for a beer." So we decided to bring in our own alcohol, as most responsible,  21 year olds do.   So my friends and I are sitting in the hotel, taking shits, getting dressed, putting our alcohol in our backpacks and hiding them the best we can when one of my friend pulls out the Everclear. Now this was the first time I've ever encountered such a strong drink and wanted no part of it until I'd at least had my breakfast. My friend, Ryan, was on the same boat. To hide the Everclear we poured it into a water bottle but mistakenly left it on a night stand, and put an actual bottle of water into a backpack. About 10 minutes pass, people are still getting ready when suddenly Ryan practically gags/vomits/drools Everclear all over the hotel room. Everyone was pretty confused why the fuck someone would be spewing water of their mouth but seconds later we all knew what had happened.
1	No annotations this time, see when you dont rush the
1	I main jungle, and I find that when you get the idiot junglers - the one's who just do not understand what to do - they'll leave a lane which is behind on the lurch, regardless of whether or not it's opertune.   For example I recently played a game on NA as Swain - the enemy team 3 man ganked me at level 1 so I fell behind in exp (obviously).   Not only did I get no jungle presence because, and I quote "You're too far behind" (because 2 levels down against a lux is true terror - known for her durability, that one) - but he then proceeded to dive top without the assistance of the top laner. He died.   Also refused to give pass blue buff so I could sustain in lane, and at no point ganked mid, or come to think of it, bot. Ended the game equal gold to my team (except maokai who was behind, funnily enough), but with 7 deaths because the lane had snowballed so heavily. So logically it was all my fault. I'll admit, there were times where I made mistakes, but nothing that didn't reinforce the flow of the game already.   >
1	The funny thing is...you're thinking of problems that would need to be fixed. Many people see solutions for the problems you see. The real problem is there are problems we can't even comprehend, ie what sort of stat tracking can the client provide, a way to figure out when laning ends, etc.   Even the simplest shit like 'don't lose elo in a 4v5' people are afraid of implementing because of things that would be so easy to fix. 'Oh, duo queues', 'oh more reason to troll'. That stuff would be  so easy to counteract . It's a sad system when something the community  universally agrees is terrible  (playing a 4v5) doesn't get selected against as a part of elo. It's literally the most simplified system there is.   Also the fact that you lose / gain more elo your first games...it's just so stupid that someone playing their first fifteen ranked games can impact their elo in such a way they have to play another couple hundred where they are the single best player just to get to where they were when they started out.   It's past the point where we should be asking Riot for a new ranked system. They're too profit-oriented and understaffed to do something like that. What we really need is an automated 3rd-party ladder / tournament system. Solo queue is solo queue, this would be something different:   1) A binding clause saying that you will never purposefully troll, feed or shit talk, or you are permanently banned.  2) That you will communicate with your team.  3) That you will not argue with your team if they disagree with stuff like roaming Eve or Leona Jarv bot.  4) Duo queues are only available if the two of you are within  x amount of  ranking system  here.  5) Play so that your team wins, or don't play at all.  6) A report / commendation system to help admins determine whether or not players are matched up skill-wise where they need to be/   Past that, in terms of actually giving people rankings:   1) Add a stat tracking system that pulls as much info as possible out of the spectator mode, and see what trends you can pull out of it.  2) Allow moderators to adjust player rankings and stats (ie, a loss because two players DC'd and the other team took 30s to push down mid).  3) Complex, per-role rankings. If you get to 2k elo playing Amumu, it sure as shit doesn't make you a good Ashe. I tanked my elo on my main by ~250 by playing solo top, which is a role that I've never wanted to learn. I honestly play at the average 1500 players skill level in terms of pushing, freezing, trades, counterpicking / number of heroes I play. Why is it that I need to decide if I want to get crushed solo top in the 1800s, or have boring games as AP mid in the 1500s?
1	I love how first blood is almost a bait now for the enemy, forcing them to use summoners. One game I was supporting and my ad (was not my duo) we both gave there bot lane a kill around 1:25 in game. but we walked back in lane, didn't say much about it, however we had summoners, they didn't and we ended up stomping the lane and win the rest of the game
1	Most traditional sports are introduced to people as a fun way to pass time. People then people get good, and start competing properly and training seriously. In the west, we have only just started to really enter the serious training part of e-sports, where as in Korea, they have seen the fun, started the training, and now have to be professional. So right now, even if teams in NA and EU are really training seriously (which the may or may not be), they need to make the game appear fun, and draw more people into the lower professional scene, so as to expand it, then, when there is enough of a semi-professional basis, they then have to be serious, so as to show that the E-sport is not just a game, it is a serious sport.   Its a bit like getting a child to enjoy sports. If you make it fun for them in the beginning, they are more likely to play it again, and then after they find it fun, you can expand this if they have talent for the game. Now most will only ever be a minor player, but some can be turned into pro's. However, if you introduce the sport as pure hard work, have their first taste of the sport as them training to exhaustion (mentally or physically) like the pro's of that sport do, they will be less likely to take up the sport.
1	If you want to break it up to be easier to read:     Hi, this is one my first times posting on reddit so please don't be to harsh. I'm very interested in league of legends game theory, not only playing but thinking about what's OP what's UP and what needs balance changes...I think a lot of us can agree that since the latest major patch there have been some issues that need to be fixed, I'm not saying I know how to fix the game I'm just giving my input and would like to see what everyone else has to think of it.   TOP LANE   First we will start with top lane, now we all know of the nature of top lane before the patch, it was essentially a very snowbally lane and this made for toxic gameplay. What I mean for those who don't know if a jungle ganked top early, and I mean a level 2 gank and got a kill off, or even burned a flash if the player is skilled they will snowball off of any advantage and the lane would be ruined for either top side for basically the rest of the laning phase. Riot tried to fix this by introducing flask the flash+wards+mass pot start insured that both sides would be safe and would be able to safely cs so that each player had the chance to get some cs, shop, and once one side got ganked the lane wouldn't completely be over. The problem is that top lane has essentially become a super safe farm off considering that a good top playing will always have his lane warded. I think to fix this issue is to make flask 325 gold and also give a ward that last for 1 minute 30 seconds this would give the option of either going flask + the ward given from it and either by a second ward to play extra safe or get more pots, nevertheless it would make the lane more interesting with more options and it wouldn't be as difficult to gank early with the ward from flash being less effective. Also I think that flask is a bit OP atm and needs a slight nerf and I feel this would be a decent change.   JUNGLE   Now let's move on to the jungle, the new jungle is meant to be able to support every type of jungle control jungles, carry jungles, support jungles. It gives the support jungles such as maokai and amumu the ability to scale with jungle control with the sightstone item, buffs will always be valuable early so control jungles like shyv and nunu can always be decent, but the biggest problem in-lies with carry jungles such as nocturne or gangplank the main point of the new jungle is that it should be treated like another lane, if you pick a carry jungle you should be able to sit back and farm the jungle for 25 minutes, and come out with enough gold for items to carry. It's quite simple I think the jungle creeps just need to give more gold, however this is a problem, the game shouldn't be a farm off till late game. The game needs to be active early however all lanes start with wards and good players will always have wards and normally know where the jungle is. So it comes down to all 3 jungle types need to be viable, control jungles will always be viable, the only reason they arn't seen that much is because these type of jungles do a lot of invading and are better suited off for arranged play not solo q play, support jungles got nerfed because they thrived off of early ganks and gp5, in season 2 if a maokai got an early gank off, backed and got philo and hog, if he doesn't throw his advantage he can win the game himself....this means that it is now harder to get these early kills that snowball them, as with carries the main goal for carry jungles is rush 6, get a couple items and when you gank it needs to be more coordinated, and it's much harder to 'carry' as the new role intends. What I think could fix the issue is to simply make jungle camps give more gold early, the first to second clear needs to give more gold. Last season a jungle or both would get an early kill and it would set them up for the rest of the game. It is clear riot doesn't want there to be early ganks on mid or top(before 5 minutes roughly) so let's assume that everyone is good and wards there lane and no ganks are gotten off by the jungle that they will be jungle farming the first few minutes if they gain more gold early they can choose a path easier, either a more jungle oriented path i.e., wriggles or spirit stone, or go straight into better carry items, phage, shiv, brutilizer, or for more tanky diving heroes, giants belt, glacial shorud, this would give more options to either clear the jungle faster or 'making plays items' you could call it.   MID LANE   As for mid, particually AP mids I honestly think it's simple AP mids dont scale hardly as good as they used to most AP items cost less gold but gives less stats so at the end of the day all this means is that APs are worse at 6 item, I just think buffing deathcap, morellos, would help a lot, also I think dorans ring needs a buff I think that it should be an item purely for laning meaning if you put 475 gold into this item you should if played evenly with your opponent when lane if they are rushing something more for mid game, like deathcap or haunting guise I think a good buff would give dorans ring back to 100 HP and double the mana regain if you kill a minion but make the item unique. This would also give mids more items to go for meant for laning, with the morellos nerf and dorans ring not being very good atm imo at least I think the only real start for laning specifically is going rod, however now a lot of people are just rushing mid game builds for example deathcap haunting guise sorc shoes. Hardly anyone anymore will go a couple dorans or get hextech because it has been obvious that if you want to be viable as an AP mid you need to get yourself out of laning and be able to be a threat in team fights.   AD CARRY   ADC we can all agree ADC was kinda OP with 6 items, however that is exactly how they are supposed to be, you should be shitting your pants if you see a 6 item ADC, also you must remember you also have an ADC and as a team you should recognize that your goal is to make your ADC as scary as theirs will be. AD got nerfed and although they have different starting paths I believe it can still be worked on a bit. We will start with dorans blade, if as an adc you buy dorans blade you should be making a clear statement that you are trying to win lane. I think the same thing should be done as I do with dorans ring, increase the HP make the passive 10 hp a hit, but make it unique. Although 10 hp a hit sounds good, it's supposed to be good if you are willing to put 475 gold into a laning item it should exceed in lane, also that is 475 gold late on a bloodthirster, an IE, a shiv which could make a huge difference. So that's my first change, second change I think is that the attack speed nerf eccspecially to PD needs to be reverted, attack speed is needed to make carries scary at 6 item, PD needs to give more attack speed more move speed and the ignore unti collision needs to be on shiv, PD is for late game and move speed and attack speed are so helpful on a 6 item adc, shiv is more of a laning item imo and the ignore minion collision would be better on a laning item. As for that late game, GA gives less defence, and there is less lifesteal, even though BT only gives 2 % less now that might not sound like a big deal however it is considering ADs are slightly worse and those that beat them which is assiassians and bruisers got buffed it makes the adc issue worse.
1	Lemon is talking about some valid points here, but the way he presents it seems to trash anything other NA teams are doing. CLG went to Korea to learn from their play styles, CRS has a dedicated Analyst and Coach, even TSM has faced off against Koreans in the biggest stage many times.   Strategy analysis is good. Statistical analysis provides rationality in explaining success. The problem is, if you start losing nobody believes a word you say. In retrospect if C9 loses this is lemon calling everyone trash ala Doublelift style.   Watch real sports Lemon. Sabermetricians and NBA stat trackers have some of the most sophisticated software out there, but their weight only holds as much as their ability to get good results.
1	Part of the draw is the learning curve. DotA seems pretty cool but I don't have enough to time to devote to it to be at the level of play I want. League is simplistic enough for me to continue to play it at a reasonably high level but complex enough for me to draw value from my relative mastery of it. That really is just a preference thing. DotA>LoL>HotS when it comes to complexity and possibly skill required. After trying HotS out I fully understand how DotA players must view LoL but it comes down to the point that level of complexity doesn't directly translate to level of entertainment. LoL strikes the right balance for me between complexity and simplicity for the same reason American Football resonates with a large majority of Americans for entertainment value even though it isn't the most complex sport.   As for strategies, I largely play solo right now so a more strict meta is preferred since it's hard enough to get 5 strangers to work together within one. Meanwhile, the pro scene has a few variations on the standard 2-1-1 and I like the pace of the action in said meta for pro-play stuff. I think from a strategy standpoint team comps in LoL are actually pretty important but players in solo queue just don't think about them enough. (EDIT: I like the 1-5 role system for DotA and the thing is good league teams use it but because we don't use that language in the comunity at large, solo play is really just 4 trying to be 1s and the 5th trying for a 2 even though there isn't enough gold to go around.)   As for items, Riot is slowly making improvements but it's another case of me just preferring the moderate option. Also, after playing HotS for a couple months, LoL's items feel like they give me a TON of strategic options but that's probably because going from 0 to any number feels like a huge leap.
1	Basically, Riot will not update the client because they would lose money, and also even if they did make a new client they probably wouldn't be able to implement things they should've implemented years ago, like built-in replay system and more.
0	It seems like people tend to hold beliefs and disbeliefs about anything (gods, democracy, the stock market) only because their desires are aligned with those beliefs. I figure the desire for friendly association is a good part of the reason why most of the people I know from my hometown are theists and those in my graduate program are atheists, although the interaction between association and belief goes both ways. I've never heard a really convincing reason for either theism or atheism that didn't speak to the person's own desires.
1	I'm a diamond player on EUW, and my friends IRL are unfortunately silver or unranked players.   I invited them on a lan party for 5 days and we played normal games and arams.   You wouldn't believe the shit and harassment and anger I got for playing with my friends :   "Thanks for ruining our time and fun, go back to ranked"   "Diamond shouldn't be able to play in aram and normal wtf"   And so on, I wasn't even carrying the game or doing anything fancy (I was playing AP taric jungle for christ sake and alistar AP support for christ sake), but that's enough.
1	Ok, I might get downvoted for this, seeing as I posted earlier but it's so far down so it feels like it won't get noticed, apologies Aristite for using your comment to make it shown. But here it goes: First off, I have not played Jungle Shyvana s3 so I have nothing to add and/or complain about there, I will just have to take your word for it.   Secondly, I mildly disagree with you about the top lane weakness. After around 10 games (not a great number for empirical data, but bare with me please, I haven't played her since s2 until last week) against various champs, I have over 12 kills, less than 5 deaths and over 15 assists on a game average, haven't lost lane once. I do not intend to boast, just putting it out there for some data. Loads of times(not all) you can adapt to the lane by items, especially now with the new items, and don't hesitate to ask for an early gank if you feel that the enemy champion will counter you.   >W pushes the lane SUPER hard   3 things to take into account:     Wards wards wards. I cannot emphasize this enough, wards saves lives.   Whole point of W is just that, pushing. By putting pressure on their top laner, he must either sacrifice turret or ask for help (a lot like Singed's purpose). Once enemy toplaner get enough sustain, the lane will just become a  null state  which makes your worry fade.  *By pushing it up to their turret, you're free to either steal some jungle or gank mid by going through their jungle. By doing this enough times you're forcing them to either ward both tribush and river (if you're blue side), or they will be forced to act by going to golem (if you're purple side). That's not a lot I know, but every ward costs gold (unless jungler with Sightstone puts ward for the top laner). Just make sure you have escape options ready (such as Dragonform, 100 seconds ain't that long cd, especially when you can reduce it by fighting).     >No sustain, terrible ranged poke   Although this is true, hitting the E is a lot like Lee's Q, maybe not have smartcast toggled? (assuming you have it on) Anyway, she's a fighter, she's meant to be up their ass, fisting as much as possible with her Claw(too brute?). With her mixed set of damage she should be able to somewhat trade, if you can calculate when it is worth it or not, many people tend to ignore the fact that minions also hurt for quite much early stage. W can help with that as it also drops the minions around. But alas! You had a legit arguement for this as well!:   >and enemies can easily punish Shyvana by running away while W is on and then jumping on her as soon as it ends.   Simply put:  know your limits.  When it's around 2 seconds left of W, turn around from your "chase", you will be back behind your minions by this time so if they jump you, you should have some coverage by minions. If they run back everytime you run towards them and using W, they will lose gold from minions if you execute it well i.e. when they're going to your minions to get the cs, which either forces them to take a few blows or they fall back and lose the cs.   >Allow Shyvana's E to hit every unit in a straight line/a cone in  dragon form   Gonna assume you meant Human Form, as the dragon form already does it in a cone, which is the purpose of dragon form; to enhance the spell making it much more worth than being in human form.   Your third point about the impenetrable armor, I like it a lot.   How I start most of the times with her (toplane):  Masteries: 21/9/0 Runes: ArP reds, Armor yellows, mr/level blues, lifesteal quints. Items: x2 Rejuvenation beads, 1 pot, 1 ward (CANNOT afford to die early game with her, unless enemy laner does too). Items in general per game: Ravenous hydra(I actually rush this because it fits my playstyle to push then roam), boots varies depending on enemy team, Black Cleaver, Maw of malmortius/Wit's End, Trinity Force/Frozen mallet, Zephyr/Last Whisper/GA.  Note:  Yes, I do realize that I lack attack speed, I just value raw damage before quick hits, that way it doesn't matter if you can't catch up to people all the time in the chases, as long as you dish out more damage at once.   Item order:  x2 Rejuvenation beads -> Vamp scepter -> level 1 boots -> Ravenous Hydra/level 2 boots, depending on what you face top, sometimes you need that ninja tabi -> Boots lvl 2 or Hydra, depending what you built before -> hexdrinker if you lane vs magic, brutalizer if you're against another bruiser -> Hexdrinker/brutalizer -> Black Cleaver -> Phage -> Maw of Malmortius/sell Hexdrinker buy Wit's End -> Last Whisper/Zephyr/GA -> Trinity Force/Frozen Mallet.   Youmuu's Ghostblade can be bought instead of Black Cleaver, I just prefer the extra health but definitely Ghostblade is a valid item, seeing its activation provides attack speed and its passive gives +10 more ArP than BC. 20 less damage though, personal preference what to pick in my opinion.
1	If they are getting past your wards, you are doing it wrong. I always start with one ward  towards the north entrance of the tri-bush to river exit, so that way I can see if a jungler runs from the tri-bush, or comes through river. As soon as I can afford it, I will always drop one in the tri-bush, one in the river near dragon, and then situationally I will drop one in the far side of the lane bush on the opposing team's side. It is your job to keep COMPLETE vision of the lane, and to let your team know when they are coming. Keep your ping hand strong, and don't fucking be afraid to drop millions of the fuckers.     Play a support that can capitalize on mistakes. Blitzcrank, Taric, and Leona are the best for this. Soraka is highly outdated, and Sona is decent, but requires a slightly more advanced playstyle. Lulu is situational, and requires more team play to be effective. You want bursty supports with hard cc because then you can punish enemy laners for making bad mistakes, while outputting tons of damage that will help your laner get kills     Know how to make decisions. Sona runs up level 1 to taric and graves at level 2? Good players will know that sona can be burst down easy, even at level 2, as long as both players react quickly and ignite. Support gone up the river to ward? Jump on that ADC, as long as your team mate is within bounds I would even flash. Drop him 100-0 just like that, throwing all your summoners as long as you know you have him. Playing hard cc tanky supports really helps you be a more direct player, because you usually make half the plays. Especially Taric, I'm not sure the exact number but he's running around with 150 or so armor if you build aegis, and you're basically another tanky support initiator. Know when to fight and not to fight.     Learn from your experience. Pay attention to what went wrong. Sometimes, your ADC will be a complete dumbnut and will screw everything up, but you have to learn to isolate these and not pretend like everytime it was their fault. You will make mistakes too, and learn from them. Actually think about what you did wrong, and it helps even if you say it in chat. This way people don't flame you and see you as responsible, and chills the rage a little bit. It also makes it more likely for you to fix the problems.       Few tips and tricks for bot lane -Quickly start to realize what kind of adc you have. Some will be responsive, some will not. Some will ALWAYS go in, even when you're just trying to drop some harass. Learn and plan accordingly   -Don't try to ward the river while they are pushed to your half of the lane. They can easily just run up and kill you, especially if their jungler is nearby. I still make this mistake a lot.   -Pay attention to cooldowns/levels. Whenever I play a Taric vs Sona lane, once I get ult I will immediately just make it rain on one of them. I do this because I know by the time my ult is back up, theirs will be just getting up (assuming they used it). Sometimes this is not smart, but you will learn when it is a good or a bad thing. Pay attention to when they burn flashes, ignites, exhausts, and act on them. Sometimes there is a 30 second window between your exhaust being up and theirs, and that is all you need to start the snowball   -Watch for position. The ideal positioning in a lane is adc being more towards the river, center of the lane, while support is in the lane bush, parallel to the adc. If someone is sticking out way further then the other, you can usually burst someone down before the other person can get into the fight. If they are together though, and both sides are about the same health and cooldowns, then be careful initiating onto the support, as the offchance they survive you will be screwed because now they will drop their cooldowns on your adc and you will harshly lose the engage.   -Know how to play the late game. I'll keep using Taric because I see you like him. Your job is to support the adc. You guys are in a team fight? Your job is to peel for your adc. Save your stun for whoever gets to him first/whoever is the biggest threat, while saving your exhaust for the same threat after he's stunned (if he's not already dead) or a new target. The only time you should be leading with a stun and burst combo onto someone is if someone is wildly out of position, and you are the only one in range/only one with balls to engage. Like if their ap carry is right up front clearing minion waves, while the rest of their team goes "cya gaiz" you fucking flash stun that little bitch AND SHOW EM WHOS BOSS IN THIS FUCKIN RANKED GAME.
1	Reds: M.Pen is pretty much the only way to go.   Yellows: I'd start by trying out flat ManaRegen. Levels 1-6 or so are where he really needs the mana regen, so getting more early is better. Plus you should be getting blue buff later.   Blues: MR or MR/lvl. More ManaRegen isn't really needed, but you'll need MR to be able to trade blows.   Quints: M.Speed is good here, or else maybe HP.   Masteries, I'm a fan of 0/21/9. YOu get mana and mana regen from utility, and you're then tanky enough to be able to stand near a teamfight and spam spells. Granted, I haven't played much Ryze recently, so I'm really just going on what I've read.   As for going with all mana, if I'm remembering correctly, flat mana doesn't offer as much actual damage as going AP, and won't really help your mana problems once you run out, while mana regen will. The only time to do this is if you absolutely have to dominate your lane early. Don't ask me when that would be though.   Scaling Mana will give you better damage, but at high levels it's pretty negligible from what I remember.
0	I lived in Washington D.C. and I went to the KFC in N.W. (near Howard University) I was with two white guys and a Greek kid. One of my friends asked the Greek kid about the $5 he owed him and Niko responded, "I don't owe you S, (N Word)" Everyone stopped, looked at us... the silence was deafening. Some guy chuckled and everyone went about their business. I've never felt so awkward & relieved at the same time.
0	that shit is a stupid comparison. 90% of the people working at a soup kitchen have other jobs that pay them. and the other 10% are actually employed by organization that funds the soup kitchen and get paid. What, you think those people at soup kitchens just work serving people all day every day and don't get paid by the charity organization or work at another job? How are they alive? Where do they live? If they just volunteered every day and didn't get paid, they'd be on the other side of the counter and be the ones asking for the free food. Volunteering at a soup kitchen is something you do on the weekend or a day off. It's not a job like being the CEO of a multimillion dollar organization. Being a CEO isn't a side thing that you do on the weekends or when you have free time. It's probably harder and more stressful than anything you've ever had to do, unless I'm totally wrong and you're the president or some shit of the Salvation Army or United Way. And good luck telling your parents, wife, girl friend, boy friend, husband anyone who supported you financially that, "yea thanks for helping me get a degree and paying for a lot of my shit so that I'd be qualified enough to be a CEO of a giant organization. I'm going to go and not get paid now while doing the job only a small minority of people in the world are capable of doing well."
0	I know many of my friends on Facebook would like reddit but they just aren't interested in "getting in to it". Since I'm not going to be a douche and try to cram reddit.com in their face, I simply post those things they would find interesting or enlightening on Facebook. It's not about making myself look smart or clever or original. It's that helping them enjoy the intarwebs a little more makes me feel good.
1	I think the problem is that athene's unholy grail gives way too much mana regen. If athene's were nerfed, then Nidalee would have a cap on the number of spears she can throw without some cheesy nerf to her kit.   This also applies to champions like Ziggs/LeBlanc. Athene's is really game breaking in my opinion as it is promoting a poke/disengage/waveclear meta that minimizes risk. This is boring to watch and creates an unhealthy disparity between the solo-queue meta and the competitive meta. Even champions that are meant to be played as assassins (LeBlanc) are played as poke champions in OGN/LCS.   Yes, many champions (mid and support) would require kit changes, but I think don't think the meta will ever change from poke/disengage without nerfs to this absurd item. Athene's essentially removes mana gating after level 6 or so for most AP champions. This is extremely unhealthy for the meta. Many of the champions that are OP because of athene's, such as LeBlanc, Mid Soraka/Lulu, cannot be nerfed by direct kit nerfs without effecting other healthy playstyles of these champions. (DFG LeBlanc, support Soraka/Lulu   If you just look at the gold valuation (taken from lolwiki:   It is obvious that Athene's is OP.   Gold Value   60 ability power = 1305g 40 magic resist = 800g 15 mana regen = 900g 20% cooldown reduction = 633g Total Gold Value = 3638g   Gold Efficiency The base stats are 139.9% gold efficient, without the passive effects.   140% efficient BEFORE the stupidly strong passive? No wonder every mid gets it.
0	This exact same thing just happened in my campus conservative publication. White privilege is NOT a personal, individualized thing. Yes, many white people have experienced personal hardship. I, as a white male, have experienced hardship. But that doesn't mean that I am not privileged.   I personally have experienced economic troubles, as my parents' attitudes toward finance were carefree at best, downright irresponsible at worst. I have not eaten meals so that I could ensure my parents had money to pay the bills. I worked from the time I was 12 (I am currently 20) in order to buy my own clothes, so that my parents didn't have to. I worked my ass off in elementary/middle/high school to earn my way into an Ivy League school.   As a white male, I am less likely to be arrested/go to jail for marijuana use. I am more likely to graduate college. I am more likely to achieve a higher socioeconomic status than my parents. I am more accepted into that socioeconomic status. I am more likely to be elected to any national political office. I am not discriminated against based on my name. People don't leave my side of the street as I walk by. That Ivy League acceptance came with a scholarship from an alumni class that has only given scholarships to white students (not sure if intentional or not, but I doubt it). My network of people has been gained predominately because I am a man and not a women.   Everyone in this world will suffer hardship, from the person who was raised on the silver spoon to the lowest of the low. But, culturally, certain groups will inherently have more advantages in society and, as such, those GROUPS, not individuals, have "privilege."
1	I think it is reasonable to state that at the moment Alliance and SK are the strongest.   Fnatic can and will probably catch up because they are so strong individually.   SHC is surprising me at the moment but I think they are beatable if you honestly prepare for them.  Millenium had a great first week but they got completly destroyed by Alliance. I think it's fair to say that they are probably 5/6 place.   Gambit and Roccat seem to be in some Deep shit and they will probably be 7/8.   I am not yet sold about the CHW but I think that they won't/can't be any higher than 5th in the regular season:
1	In a way it's a win-win for the troll and a lose-lose for you in the case he doesn't get banned. He does this to get people either dodge and make them lose Lp off the spot and end up not getting reported, or play the game with you where he will intentional feed and make you lose more Lp than if you dodged. Since the tribunal is down, his best chance of perma ban is basically in the 2nd screenshot as Riot Lyte mentions they have no tolerance for: racial slurs, homophobic remarks etc. Plus they know that once the game starts you're stuck with then til the end and can't leave without getting punished yourself.
1	I think a point of difference between yours and Madlife's hook is that ezreal could not see where Madlife's hook was going during the wind-up and blinked away trying to escape from Madlife, who predicted ezreal's blink direction to catch him. In your case, the ezreal saw where the grab was going and mistakenly blinked into it after you casted it.
0	My first experiences of sleep paralysis  were  terrifying, but after I read up on the condition and understood it would eventually end, I started  looking forward  to the 30 seconds of helplessness. It had been years since I had an episode. 3/10 on the scary meter.   However, what  is  terrifying me these days are [hypnagogic hallucinations]( These sneaky buggers attack as you go to sleep.   Imagine drifting off to sleep, but your scumbag brain says "Nope, it's too quiet." Time for some ...     Loud demonic screaming and groaning - first few times 8/10 scary, but now only 3/10 scary.       Fingers touching all over your body - 11/10 on the scary meter, there is no getting used to this experience.  Every time it's my own private horror movie right inside my head.     Very cold - 2/10 on scary meter.       These only occur once every couple of months or so and thankfully, I can just wake up from these hallucinations.   However, just thinking about the invisible fingers touching/poking my back is now causing waves of terror to roll over my body raising all the hairs they encounter.
1	The only thing wrong about Solo Queue is that it allows Duo Queues.   > Can't you already feel that something's not right?   What exactly is not right besides you being completely ambiguous?   > But in soloq everything is different. Let's be honest, one man cannot change the pace of the game.   Tell that to the Zed who can instantly kill an ADC/APC and gets out unscathed.  Tell that to the roaming Kassadin who wins lanes for their team without their team not even doing anything.  The only person who can't change the pace of the game is you because of your attitude and mindset.   >  Being good at the game barely changes anything, since the snowballing is pretty much nonexistant.   Have you seen the challenger players go from Bronze -> Challenger?  Do you think their games are based on RNG?  30 times in a row?   > There are other competitive games, like Hearthstone, Starcraft 2, Team Fortress 2. In the first two, you are responsible ONLY and ONLY for yourself.   So you're trying to compare single player games to team games?  Oh but you included TF2?   > Now, about TF2. It's a team game too. But there is no soloq there. There are pubs, which mean nothing.   No wait, you don't really want to include TF2 into the comparison.  You just wanted to seem like you were   > Last words:  imagine if there was no soloq.  There are ranked 5s. There are normals. Instead of ranked soloq, you can mark yourself as 'serious'.   I'm guessing you never played DOTA on the War3 engine.  They would create game lobbies where they put things in the title like GODLIKE ONLY NO NEWBS.  Guess who joined?  People who thought they were godlike but actually weren't.  Go ahead, make yourself as "serious" it doesn't make a difference because your actual skill level and what you think your skill level is not always in sync.
0	It appears from your explanation that you may not realize how many indiviudals are  involved in getting that individual to the front lines.  Each and every one of those involved in supporting the person in combat are veterans because without everyone involved there wouldn't be anyone on the front lines.   Trooops in combat zones receive compensation that support troops do not.  In addition, some classifications for veterans include if they were in a war theater or not.
0	It fucks with your memory and makes you less attentive. It can eventually cause depression and panic attacks, and it is most certainly a narcotic/gateway drug. A marijuana cigarette also damages your lungs nearly 5x as bad as a tobacco cigarette does.
0	yes, you and all the fucking rest of you. shut up, can I tell you about something I don't care about that you enjoy? Will that make you feel like you're a special snowflake?  Why do you have to shit on something others enjoy? you're not fostering conversation,  you're just telling a bunch of people you don't care.  If you didn't care, why the fuck are you telling us?  I don't walk up to people buying milk and say, "hey, I don't like milk".  Because I truly do not give a fuck about them enjoying milk.  But, I give a fuck about people being pretentious.  Be less pretentious.  Also, you aren't even original in your not caring, I've seen this post twice this week, at least give us something new you don't care about.  There are millions of fans for Pokemon, odds are a portion of the population doesn't care/ doesn't enjoy it, go figure, it's almost like people aren't clones.
1	Hi, I posted some advice about Assassin's in the summoner school, thought I would post it here, to see if you guys like it.   Oh^and^to^check^if^its^correct.   Here it is.   Okay, assassin's are my main's so I'll try to help you out.   (Sadly Kha is the only Assassin I don't play. So, sorry bout that)     You're goal is to kill their adc or apc (whoever is the most fed). You jump in and kill them, and you kill them fast, and you kill them dead. If you die doing that, then it is probably worth it.        You have to be smart. For example, don't jump onto their Vayne when their leona is just standing there. You're going to get stunlocked and die. Wait until Leona/whatever-other-support has used their cc before jumping in. You should also try to make sure that the adc's themselves blow their peel too, but sometimes you can kill them before they can stop you,     i.e A Talon killing Vayne before the silence wears off, so she can't peel for herself,.     If you really want to carry, pick Kha'Zix, Katarina, Diana or Akali. Why? Resets. It lets you be do than making the fight a 4 v 4. Akali's ult reset lets you kill both carries extraordinarily quickly, same with Kha'Zix's E, and Diana's ult. (Katarina just munts your entire team, so thats cool too.)       Most assassins have 1 or 2 of the following.     -Their main nuke has a short cooldown, (Akali, Fizz, Kha)   -They have Resets (Akali, Kat, Kha)   -They have some aoe damage outside of their single target damage (Talon, Kat, Diana)   This prevents them from being completely useless for extended periods of time.     A quick word about the two oddball assassins.     LeBlanc   Why is she an oddball? Because she is the epitome of the assassin philosophy. Pick one target, and destroy them. Most assassin's have something else, she does not. She makes up for it with her famous lane dominance, (which IMHO was actually buffed a LOT by her 3.9 rework). Stay away from her until you've learned a few other assassin's.  She's hard mechanically, she's hard Game knowledge-wise, she is one of the squishiest champions in the game, and she is ALL high CD single target damage, (inb4 some mentions double w). She all fall's behind completely or gets ahead completely, no middle ground. However, she is and probably always will be my favorite champion. (flair aside).   Katarina   And the other oddball, Katarina. Other assassin's go for the single target burst route. Not Kat. She goes for the sustained aoe damage route. She's got a (soon-to-be) unique playstyle and relies on a reset to be any good.
1	This is an obscenely good item for Vlad, Rumble, Morde and Kennen, regardless of the 5 mana regen. Start with this and spell vamp masteries/runes, and you have 11% Spell Vamp at the beginning of the game - making Revolver moot in his core build. From there, he can rush some other items that will spike his growth like Haunting Guise, making him even stronger than he already is.
0	Just my 2 cents ... Both my sons have almost choked my 14yrs old swallowed a penny when he was 4 or 5. He comes into my room turning blue .. My wife panics and starts screaming! I calmly grabbed him and covered his mouth and nose with my mouth and blew a big breath so I could expand his lungs, ( if you try to stick your finger in there mouth you could cause more damage and might get the object stuck or cut them) he swallowed the penny... My youngest son did the same thing a couple years later my wife didnt panic this time she handled it like a pro... My 3 sons all know CPR now, I have watched my sons give each other the Heimlich
1	I'm gay and I feel like I can provide some insight. There are 2 kinds of gay men (there are a ton of "kinds", and everyone is unique, blah blah I'm telling a story) that you will often run into.   The first kind of gay man is the one who tries to emulate what you see in  movies. He's flamboyant, loud, annoying, shouts stupid shit like "girlfriend~" on a regular basis and isn't being ironic. This is what you'll see at those terrible pride parades that put us back 40 years.   The second kind of gay men are completely normal and you generally won't even know he's gay unless you're good friends or see them together.
0	That's a sticky argument. I absolutely understand. But as a server who's also bussed, bartended, and run food, that's just not how I choose to be.   First, in PA at least, your employer can not MANDATE any tipout. They can't make the guests tip you, and they can't make you tip your bartender/busser/etc. Your tips are yours. I assume this varies by state.   So, and again only speaking to PA because that's where I know the law, if I get stiffed on a check, I don't  have to  tip out on those sales. In my aforementioned anecdote, I would be legally protected (and many would say morally okay) to have done just that and tipped out only on the $13 I actually got  or  tipping out nothing.   I personally don't do that. I have a lot of reasons for it, but the
1	My not too respectable opinion on the matter is, Sivir can't force successful ganks. Graves provides a substantial amount of burst damage, that can just explode a soft target, considering supports and carries are squishy by default, he can give himself kills he wouldn't otherwise deserve. Vayne is similary, she has early game burstyness and cc, combined with high but short range mobility, that can give her kills she otherwise wouldn't have earned. Tristana and Caitlyn would have had to play smarter to earn those kills.   Sivir also would have had to play smarter, Sivir has to chase normally, sure her passive can help that, and so can her ult, but she has no cc, or particularly immense burst and her range isn't particularly massive excluding her q(which in lane is far too expensive to use).  Sivir is a great champ, her utility is outstanding, and if the person playing her is smart she can probably avoid ever being pushed out of lane, but she isn't.... scary.   Vayne and Graves are scary. They can end you with mediocre timing of their abilities, they can burst you out of lane with trivial levels of effort if you make a few mistakes, which some might say "you shouldn't have made the mistake then." That's not LoL's design mentality though, LoL isn't like HoN or DoTA. Both of those games demand 99% optimal use of your skills to win your lane, LoL sits at a much more comfortable 85%. Which I think is actually better. American Football receives a vast amount of attention, where the players are probably roasting at 79 - 89% optimal playing level on average. (Of course there base skill level   Vayne and Graves are punishing to play against if you mess up, and then after they get done kicking you, they snowball in lane and then can do it again to you over and over more trivially then the last time. Just like how the old Akali was. One kill and you might as well give up your lane. That's not.... good for the game. Sivir doesn't have nearly the same effect on the lane, even if she is a beast ranged AD.   EDIT:
1	And she would've got away with it, too! If not for you meddling kids!   In all seriousness, there were many many threads on this leading up to and following Yasuo's release. Here is a summary of actual 100% revealed  facts  that we have been given:   Yasuo uses wind techniques. This leads to him being accused.   Yasuo was stationed to guard the elder, but left in his eagerness to join the battle. No living person, at least none who will admit it,  actually witnessed the murder .   The elder was killed by a wind technique with "three precise strikes," I believe the wording was. This is reminiscent of the technique that Yasuo was the first in generations to master. All the signs that are available to follow do point to him.   There are currently 3 champions who directly interact with wind, unless I'm forgetting someone: Yasuo, Riven, and Janna. Janna's the popular joke. Yasuo was exiled because he was accused for it. Riven was formerly Noxian military. This makes her a prime suspect for us.   However, another fact we have been presented is specifically  we do not actually know who did it . Until when/if they openly reveal it,  that's the entire point . It's exactly like the Vi/Jinx thing. They  do  both have sisters, this is explicitly stated. What isn't stated is  that they are sisters .
0	this happened to my cat, it was somewhat of a miracle..   I was just browsing tumblr a week or two before Easter, and my mom had an Easter Lilly in the house. I let my cat out of my room and she came downstairs and started sniffing and eating it. I honestly thought nothing of it because she eats so much crap anyway (she has that pica disorder). But I do try and keep a close eye on her. But all of a sudden I came across this [picture]( I freaked the fuck out and rushed her to the emergency vet and it totally saved her life.   It was going to cost like $1000-$1700 and it was just so much and I didn't think I would be able to afford it, so they knocked the price down to around $600 because they took out 3 blood work tests. Yet I still thought it was too much but obviously I was going to pay it, but as this elderly couple were leaving with their dog, the husband pulled out $300 and just handed it to me. I was in so much shock, and I wasn't sure if I should have hugged him because I didn't want to piss off his wife, so I shook his hand, but the wife came up to me and gave me this huge hug, and all they said was to keep it because their dog was perfectly fine. I never got his or her name and I will never forget their kind hearts, and their generousness.
1	Basically when the drophackers team is losing or about to lose, the Drophacker can press a button which disconnects all 10 players from the game. The game ends immediately and if you check your match history it is as if the game never existed to begin with.
0	A less trite summary of my philosophy of shittiness than so far provided:   People are gonna be shitty sometimes. It's part of being people. It is good and healthy to recognize and accept that some of our behaviors and thoughts hurt other people, even if it doesn't lead to self-improvement.   I think that the worst kinds of people are the sorts that do shitty things yet are too self-deluded to appreciate themselves as being sometimes hurtful people. It is also unhealthy to hyper-focus on the shitty things you do to a crippling and self-hating extent.   Self-improvement is great! But even if you're unwilling or not yet ready to put in the effort required to undergo meaningful changes to your own attitudes or behaviors, a realistic and self-aware appreciation for your own actions can make it easier to passively be a less shitty person by choosing the better of equivalently selfish actions that provide different levels of happiness to others. And if/when you are ready for meaningful self-improvement, it's the best place to start from to get the most bang for your trying-to-make-the-world-a-not-so-goddamn-awful-place buck.
1	I believe its support. And i will explain why. I didn'n thought support would make that difference too, but low elo supports don't exactly support. Most of them just give you heal, they don't know how to ward, where to ward, when to ward or use cv. I've been playing sona a little, and i have 80% win ratio with her. My elo raised 200 points or more just playing with her. If you are a good support you will be a huge advantage for your team, in team fights or whenever they need. Now, why is support the most influential position? Because you will find a lot or nice players that can go solotop, jungle, mid and bot. But you will almost never find a good support. So, if you can fit that space in your team, the nice players can do what they want.
0	Speaking as a white male, I certainly wouldn't downvote you just for making the point that white people have privileges in American society, but on reddit that fact is often delivered with a snotty attitude and a vastly exaggerated estimation of what those privileges actually entail. That, I think, is what earns the downvotes. For the record, I upvoted you.   I mean, sure, I may not have as much trouble catching a taxi or dealing with the police, but it's not like I'm somehow immune to asshole cabbies or cops who abuse their authority.   Similarly, to your point that the vast majority of powerful people are white, yes, it's true. But that doesn't help me any. I have exactly as much chance to become president as you do: close to zero. Merely having white skin does not grant me any special access to wealth and power, because just like you, I wasn't born into the right family. Poverty made my childhood just as difficult as anyone else who grew up in my (mostly black) neighborhood.   Sure, there's institutional racism in America. But it's not like I'm the one who put it there. I never got to vote on whether or not white privilege or male privilege were going to be woven into the fabric of American society. Furthermore, it's not as if any of these privileges ever gave me any leg up. I had to bust my ass for everything I've ever gotten in life; nothing was ever handed over to me just because I'm white.   That's why I think a lot of white people on reddit are tired of hearing about all this. We didn't create this situation, most of us get absolutely nothing substantial out of it, yet we're made to feel as if it's somehow our fault. Most white male redditors are far too young for anyone to credibly lay the blame at our feet for institutional racism or sexism, yet we're the ones who get subjected to all the vitriol and venom because we represent The White Man.
1	All i read is people being disappointed with the stomp. Till game 3, it was actually intense for me. Game  2 being so close. Royal actually regained some confidence in the 2nd game. They won a teamfight being down in gold. For a moment it looked like SKT were shaking. It was known that Royals were a team that could turn the tide of the game very quickly with just one tf. After game 2 i actually expected Royal to get back, they were getting closer and closer in the first 2 games. So i admit, the 3rd game was kinda sad, RC tilted, made mistakes, were too scared. I don't know they just were not as confident. What i found very lacking is what happened after the match though. Like nothing happened. Everyone said, yeah we ae done with that lets go.
0	That reminds me of another story. Two friends of mine regularly went into walmart to steal. Then one gets caught while the other one managed to run away. Cop questions the friend who got caught and makes him call his friend to come back saying how they already had him on video. He comes back and they both get arrested.
1	Sadly its buried but whatever:   There is a simple reason why we think we are allowed to judge them. The reason is, because we are allowed to judge them. THEY want to be famous and with this fame comes responsibility.   If you are a major asshole to anyone while being famous, do you really think it would be all like: "Well they are humans!" if it was a football player or whatever?   It is not. If you want to be famous its inevetible that you get judged by people that dont know you, for actions you do not think about. Sorry but welcome to the real world. This is no "Iamfamous! I can do whatever!"   Think your actions through, THEN act. Dont be all douchy on your stream or whatever, just because you think you are at home. There are people watching. You dont fap infront of your stream (intentionally) because you know that would be.. well.. not ok! Same for raging, flaming and everything else.   On another note, people should judge, thats their job too. Sure there are those: "I hope you die because you said retard! i dont like that!"-people, but just be rational: These are EVERYWHERE. Thats not a problem of the community itself, neither it's a problem of esports. Thats reality   Humans are assholes.
0	So 23 states that allow it outright, that's almost half, then you have these: Fl -persons 17 and younger on non-limited-access roads unless local law exempts them from the prohibition on minors riding the cargo areas of pickup trucks and flatbeds(that means no interstates or major highways, but everything else is fine) GA- any pickup truck off the interstate  KS -does not apply to vehicles not being operated in the state highway system or within the corporate limits of a city LA -people 12 and older if the truck is being moved on a non-interstate highway MA - people 12 and older NY - inapplicable to trips of more than 5 miles if there are less than 5 persons 17 or younger in the cargo area or if at least one person 18 or older is in the cargo area  NC - persons 15 and younger if a supervising adult is present in the cargo area SC - people 15 and older; people 15 and younger when an adult is present; TN - people 12 and older; people 6-11 in a vehicle being operated off the interstate or state highway system TX - vehicles that are the only vehicles owned by members of the household UT - off highway operation   So as long as you're not on the Interstate or major highway, usually you can.  If you're over 12-15, you're usually in the legal limit and some states think an adult can save a child in a wreck(I  know that's not the thought behind it)
0	Since small, i have enjoyed being in the dark. It gives me a sense of security to be enveloped by it.   What i don't like are encounters in the dark.  Ghosts especially (mind-made or real, not sure), are quite annoying: having a nightmare then suddenly waking up to floating things creeping around the room, ignoring you at first, then staring you down as they disappear;  creaking sounds from places that shouldn't creak;  breaths of cold air moving across your face as you lay in your bed in a warmed room; the occasional black shadow holding you down as you wake up and try to break free...   But more recently, my concerns turned to the local realm and more specifically, burglars, murderers and creepy crawlers. Just a while back there was an escapee on the loose in the city, even further back there was a burglary in the neighborhood and more recently, i woke up to a long-legged spider making its way down the wall towards me or my face.   There's also that crazy cat clawing my window from time to time, and gets into fights with other crazy cats, at my window, meowing like wailing babies, which sends shivers down my spine...
1	As support, you don't get pleasure from kills, you get pleasure from winning the lane and then winning the game. When you look at the enemy ad and he has half the cs that your guy does, has had to back a couple times while ur carry has 2k gold and is still farming with full health on dorans or boots1, that's when you're playing well, not when you get a stun and an assist.   And you're right, you can't carry as support, but you allow your carry to carry... which is kinda the point.
