1	If you press [Win-D] it'll minimize all windows and show the desktop. Since Win 7/8 don't show window titles in the task bar, that should be sufficient. It's an easy keybind to hit, too.   [Win] refers to the Windows logo key.
1	I just played a game with him, depite having now low range that "Relentless Pursuit" buffs made him able to trade better Mid game and move better, ppl also forget he got an increase to his stats:     BASE MOVEMENT SPEED 330 ⇒ 335   BASE HEALTH 470 ⇒ 500   BASE ATTACK DAMAGE 49 ⇒ 52     At lv 3 Lucian can trade better due to the fact that "Relentless Pursuit" doesn't use mana anymore and goes to 8 cd after he uses his passive 3 times, giving him more mana and dmg but due to the range nerf he has to take more risk while trading isntead of sniping you with his "Pircing Light", his waveclear also has been buffed with the removal of the "Piercing light" minion dmg cap.
1	But you have to look at it in terms of team comp. When you send nunu top what do you have, 2 supports, an AP mid and an AD carry. Your team becomes reliant on a high damage jungle or else your team is 2 people doing all that damage. That means you're exchanging a support/disabler for a damage jungler.   You end up trading good ganks for a solo top who honestly cant even use the farm. A 6 item nunu and a 4 item nunu is nothing compared to a 4 item jax vs a 6 item jax.   Sending Nunu top can win a lane sure, but as a team sending him top gives you a weaker team comp. Giving your AD carry a free PD is nice but thats not worth all of top lanes farm, a champion pick and its not going to stop the 2 bruisers with GA from getting to him eventually. Then you're left with poor damage and a dead nexus.
0	Funny-ish anecdote. About 3 years ago, I was retarded & cheated on my wife. (Laughing yet? Why not?) Anyway, the whole trust issues ensued, and one night we were at dinner, and the hostess says, "Hi, I know you...'billy', right? And I, nervously (because I swear I have no idea who she is, but of course that is what I would say to my wife) try to figure out who she is, without my wife flipping out and accusing me of cheating with this hostess. So after a couple of the longest 2 min of my life, she reveals that she worked where I work for about 3 months while I did about a year ago, but was a receptionist, so knew my name, but I didn't know her.
1	I know I'm stepping into the lion's den here, since it's possible to find studies backing up every position under the sun these days, but here's one example of a study showing that the relationship between gender and competition could be socially influenced:
0	One or more of the following:     They have 2 incomes   They rent an apartment   They commute a long distance from the countryside     Renting with 2 incomes is probably the most common way.   $70k in Seattle is fine if you're single because you'll be rolling in the dough, however you won't be able to afford purchasing a home. You should be totally good for buying a condo though. (Upper middle class)   If you have a 4 person family, it's gonna be kind of tight if you want to live anywhere near the city. You'll still be OK. No where near poverty level, however you have zero chance of buying a home. Buying a condo would be difficult on that salary. (Lower middle class)
0	If you're a US citizen then the chances are slim. The CIA themselves don't torture anyone directly anymore. There are many black-sites in Western-Europe where the prisoners/suspects are now transported, mostly new NATO allies looking to get in the good graces of the US government. These sites are handled by those domestic intelligence agencies which in-turn have some local soviet era goons do the dirty work so that even if any of it is revealed then it doesn't get traced back to the CIA or more importantly, the US government. The chilling fact is that because of the PATRIOT act you're more likely to end up being tortured in one of these sites than actually get to torture someone. When Snowden gets caught they're not gonna bother with bringing him stateside for atleast sometime.
0	I feel like places like Petsmart are at least legitimately raising money because they care. Mostly due to the fact that Petsmart Charities is their own nonprofit organization that reports where all their money goes on their website. The places that change their charity of choice each week seem like they are just grasping at humanity's heartstrings to make themselves look better.  To my understanding, it is just a changing of hands. Most people do not know or care enough to be like "I want to donate a buck to help kids with cancer! Let me research." so,  it is better for the nonprofits to be able to get a big business behind them to spread the word. The business gets the "Aww that's nice"  good vibes from the customer for offering to help broadcast the cause on behalf of the cancer ridden children as a kickback.
0	This happened to me a few years ago. It was late and I missed the last bus home. Someone offered to give me a ride because they lived near me. This guy was a complete need for speed jackass. I honestly think he learned to drive from ridge race as he tried to slide in and out of every turn, including freeway ramps. I didn't say anything but held on for my life and never spoke to that guy again. Doing someone a favor does not mean you can endanger their life for it.
0	Look up the term "monopsony." On mobile, so I'm just going to link [this](  and say
0	Yep. I'm officially a week out. We were planning on moving in together. She said she couldn't handle things right now and that she needed a break. Since we broke up, I've had 0 motivation, and I think/dream about her constantly. In every single dream she comes back and I explain what I want to explain to her so bad. that I know I have some growing up to do but that I don't want to lose her because of that. She understands and that's when I wake up. And then it's just a feeling of dread sadness and guilt. I'm trying to be respectful and give her space in the hope that she'll talk to me again. But unfortunately I have a friend who "blogs". I happened to read an entry about her. And I just feel like I'm broken. I wrote her an email after a few days. She still hasn't replied. I check my phone everyday. Every time it dings my heart does a front flip. Then every time it's spam mail about "going away on vacation". Bleh
1	Ill be honest i call bs on the 2nd part of the video. I'm not an athene follower nor do i care much about what he has done in other games.(first time i heard of him was when he did a youtube video where he went around down telling people he was a paladin or something)  I think doing things for charity is very helpful. I watched his stream this morning for about 5-10 minutes before i had to turn it off because his attitude was shitty. he just started a game playing ryze, few minutes in he self proclaimed himself the best gamer in the world and was telling the stream something about him csing all day. He goes back to buy at lvl 4, teleported to a bot ward in a bush to gank. The bliz did not grab the enemy adc even though it was a perfect grab. Athene didn't didn't know this and totally calls out the blitz on stream saying he is the worst blitz eu. After athene told the blitz it was a easy grab the blitz responds with the grab was on cd. He runs back to his tower and comments on how now his tower is almost dead.(athene still being lvl 4 vs a karthus)   I'm not judging him on anything accept those 5-10 minutes of the game and in that short time i understood why people would "troll" him. Regardless if he had the right idea or best intentions when ganking he could of waited until lvl 6 where he was sure to get a kill.   If thats his attitude in every game all game then its understandable why he has stopped gaining elo. You cannot claim to be the best gamer in the world but in the same game blame everything on everyone else because "oh i'm famous". If You get your 2 main champs banned out become good at other champs. Don't give excuses like "they will just feed" or "everyone is out to get me". Guess what maybe you are not the best league player in the world who cares. You may have been a good wow player but you will not be good at every game you play. Stop going into the science about how people think and improve yourself.
1	When I was on the toilet yesterday thinking about Viktor and his Battlecasts, a fun thought surfaced: what if Eternum Nocturne is a creation of far, far distant future Viktor/Battlecast Corp? The only way I see this being possible is that all the technological warfare around the time of Pulsefire Ezreal, was won by Zaun/Noxus. After that, Viktor and his Battlecasts would have turned against Noxus shortly after to accept them into his Glorious Evolution.   Now that Viktor has full control over Valoran, where else to turn? Ionia would have out up some resistance, but were no match for Viktor and his resources. Now let's say he spends some more time gaining control over the remainder of Runeterra. Now what? Why, the stars of course!   In order for my little toilet thought to reign true, Viktor (Or maybe if Viktor died somewhere along the lines, old age, assassination, freak accident, ect. A successor would be leading the charge) would've won any wars with aliens encountered in space. Allowing his empire expanding to multiple planets.   Fast forward, hmmm... Let's say, 100,000 years, and the Battlecasts the control the galaxy, and maybe a few other galaxies. At this point in time, the Battlecasts would be so advanced they could bend space and time at their will, becoming omnipresent in the fabric of the universe, and they may call themselves something new, Eternum. They see all, they know all, and Eternum Nocturne got bored and decided to go back in time to see what all the rage was at the time of the League of Legends.   I could just be talking out of my ass here, and none of this makes any sense to anyone. Has happened before.
0	Labelle15 is absolutely correct. I goofed up with some bad information, and I'd like to make it right. [This Forbes article]( explains how I'm wrong and [here's another one]( specifically mentioning the myth about interview clothes (there's also some good information about what you can deduct like resumes and such [here](  I'm going to leave this up long enough so people who read it before might hopefully notice, and I'll delete it tomorrow evening.
0	I hope you realize that even when passing, you're not allowed to exceed the speed limit.   >This is reddit though, where everyone is under 30 and no one knows the actual rules of the road let alone how to drive safely.   You say that like people honestly think the passing lane is for legally speeding. We all know you can't legally speed in any lane. We do it anyway.   Most people, myself included, know the rules of the road. And how to drive safely. I can go 70 in a 65 and still be driving safely. If the flow of traffic is at 75 in a 65 it's  safer  to keep up with everyone else. That doesn't make it legal.
0	Awesome story about my bike being stolen: The day following my bike being stolen, I saw it sitting on the balcony of an apartment building nearby.  At the time I was sitting in a food court and the guy sitting next to me was an odd-duty police officer.  I got up out of my seat and said "hey, that's my bike!" not knowing the cop was beside me.  That same police officer found my report and personally went to the guy's door to ask the guy about the bike and got it back for me!
1	This is a wall of text and I'm way too lazy to read it all. But what I believe this thread is about how you rage at your team. I know this game  is  can be frustrating sometimes but you have to keep in mind that League of Legends is JUST A GAME. I stopped playing ranked because I was fed up with the attitude of the players in that Q. I just stopped raging because you have no benefit from it, additionaly if you face trolls they will just feel better in what they are doing. So my advice is just to change your attitude and become a chilling guy . I don't rage at players that don't play well because everyone has a bad game once in a while. I don't rage at trolls because sometimes they are funny  and I have to admit that in very rare cases I tend to troll aswell. I DEFINITLY don't rage at people that play out of the meta. The only people I  rage about are flamers. In my opinion they do not deserve to play this game oh yes and I alse detest tryhards in normals and ARAMs. So I guess thats it. I simply just stopped careing about wether I win or loose I just play to have fun.
0	Being addicted is one thing, playing to escape for a few hours for enjoyment is another. What's the difference between playing video games for 3 hours a night and coming home from work, earning the money to pay for your mortgage, food and other bills and watching a movie? Is that wasting your life too? Do people who build model airplanes for fun waste their lives? Or garden? Fuck that noise. I grew up not being able to afford all the game systems my friends have, I worked hard and have a great job, a great wife and a great condo. I'm making up for lost time now that I can afford to go out and buy any game I want on launch.
1	The analogy is there for the purpose of understanding the core concept, which I believe is properly illustrated. The community is complaining of compensation, not the lack of server stability, and I proposed an analogy as to how the game servers crashing affected some people more than others, and how some people were compensated due to coming out a lot more scathed than the rest of the crowd. Regardless of, we all chose to wait for those 5 hour long log in times. And some poor bastards not only waited, they found out when they got there that all their content was erased.
1	Yes, you get dropped tiers if you're at 0 lp and don't play any ranked for 28 days. Also Lp will continue to decay every week after the 4 weeks. How do i know this? It happened to a friend today.   If you go to the lolking score graph you can see the inactivity. She thought once she hit gold she was safe and could sit on it till the end of the season. Funny thing is though. If you play in gold V and keep losing with 0 LP you will not be demoted no matter what. So even if you're an unskilled / had your account boosted, it's actually advantageous for you to queue up every 27 days, as you will maintain your division regardless if you win or lose.
0	Just before he told me this he was telling me about how he had to search someone's property for a call he was on.  He said there was a dog keeping him from checking the back yard.  His supervisor told him to shoot the dog if needed and that he had his back.  Good Lord my Thanksgiving is going to be eventful because we'll be having a discussion about these two things.
0	Engaging in Illicit Sexual Conduct in Foreign Places. - Any     United States citizen or alien admitted for permanent residence who     travels in foreign commerce, and engages in any illicit sexual     conduct with another person shall be fined under this title or     imprisoned not more than 30 years, or both."   [Chapter 117, 18 U.S.C. 2423(c)](
0	Your word is gold, otherwise it's garbage." In other words, if you make a threat/punishment, you damn well better follow through or else your kids will not respect your authority. If you threaten a time out, give them a time out. Learn to only give consequences that you're prepared to follow through with.
0	Give me the
1	This subreddit seems full of these kind of posts recently expressing concern about mobility creep, bruiser power etc. Its the reason I am slowly playing other MOBAs instead of LoL (other than the community... but thats a different discussion)   Riot has built a huge awesome champion base but now that number is working against them ... they are going out of control. The problem isnt necessarily that Riots design team is bad, but rather the disconnect between generations of Riot design teams. You can look at waves of champions (i.e. launch, season 1, season 2, season 3 etc) and see common recurring themes. Mobility creep is one of these as is the bruiser power with the recent generations. It is what creates "Metas".   Thus, Riot needs to do a "Champion audit" of sorts where they look at each champion vs the overall picture. Not necessarily for their balance but for their kits. Ashe is a prime example of not being able to "fit in" in a world of mobility and gap closers.   How would I fix it? I got no idea, damnit it man im a business/biology major not a game designer! The point is, they have their awesome content(champion base), now they need to consolidate the content and make it all mesh and work together before they continue with future endeavors or they will start losing player base to other MOBAs.   This brings up another problem, especially with all of the telecom monopoly crap happening recently, which is that LoL has such a huge MOBA marketshare that, honestly, a small dip/decline of their playerbase wont phase them. Thus, they wont likely care to spend the time and resources into looking into whats wrong and pleasing the playerbase.
0	To add to this. When he did The Rundown to director was skeptical of having him do fighting scenes and wire work because he is so massive. He thought that The Rock would be too slow to make it work.   Turns out not only is The Rock massive as shit, he's also pretty quick with the fighting.
0	I question the validity of your claim. Prom is a season that occurs over a two month span due to all the different schools that hold their proms different weekends. It would be difficult to pinpoint the week before and the week after. Although you could certainly notice trends; ie earlier in prom season for condoms, toward the end for pregnancy tests. Just a thought.
0	You definitely meant it shouldn't be legal in your
0	It is because these companies do not trust their staff. Or at least this was historically the case, now it may be more of a custom. The idea that people are tricked into thinking the price is much lower because of one cent is too simple and suggests people are not too bright.   If a product costs 99 cents, staff need to use the register to take out the one cent to give as change. However, if the product is a dollar, staff could more easily pocket the money and never put it through the register. Most people surprisingly wait for the one cent, even if they intend to give it away at the first available opportunity.
0	I'm a Straight guy by the way. And I agree with you. But more steak is better. Hopefully my comment will get more steak to happen.   Sexual steak and non sexual steak
0	Update: I went halfsies with a girl and we made $200 on video poker at the bar.  So $100 accounted for.   Update 2: Learned that my friend who drove got lucky last night; we had a full car going in last night and with the extra body we picked up I volunteered to stay behind and wait for a cab while they went ahead.  That left me alone at the bar.  Now, I know the bartender sorta well so I sent her a friend request,  whether or not she accepts it I'm still gonna message her  and find out if she saw anything.   Update 3: [Found the source of $100 number 2!]( Not that exciting I know but I still have yet to hear from the bartender and one more bill to go.   Update 4: Mystery solved.  As many have guessed it involves gambling, sorta.  So after leaving the bar and either before or after going to the diner I went to one of the casinos I used to work at.  I know this because a pit boss I used to work with just called and told me this story.  He looks up and sees me stumbling over to one of his Baccarat tables. Now, I've dealt to many of these players before and know them quite well.  One of my regulars looks up and asks me who I like on the next hand.  I squint at the board and say "banka" in a horrible asian accent.  Banker wins and they all look back at me to see what I think is next, "Banka!!!"  Banker wins again, a couple people give me some $5 checques.  I say "banka" again and at this point these guys have been pressing their bets for three hands now and a couple of them are betting over a thousand dollars on banker.  Banker hits!!! Now everyone's really excited at the run, more players hand me checques a couple give $25's.  All of the players are now turned around and staring as I "contemplate" the board.  My friend the Pit says at this point I raise both hands up in the air and yell "BANKA!!!!!!!"  Player wins, natural 9.  He tells me I didn't even react, everyone loses and I walk away with the checques that will soon become the third hundred dollar bill plus a couple of fives.
1	thats a fucking block of text.
1	AP are typically split into two categories - burst damage and sustained damage. Although the average AP caster will usually be burst damage (and the exceptions, sustained) both can handle mid lane very well.   The burst damage casters normally have some sort of a stun or CC, and can do an entire rotation and take most if not all of your health bar. Strong examples would be Brand, Annie, Cass, Veigar, LeBlanc. Most of them require waiting for a good opportunity (harassing until you can secure a kill) and dropping everything on your opponent.   The sustained damage casters usually spend their laning harassing repeatedly - trading hits but getting off more damage until their enemy is low, then using one more combo to finish it off. These would be like Anivia, Zilean, Morgana, Kassadin, Orianna. Note that any of them are capable of transitioning to burst casters when fed.   Burst casters will usually go the Doran's Ring build to maximize their AP early on, allowing them to take advantage. Sustained casters will often go Catalyst into RoA, since the constant harass becomes mana intensive and they benefit from the constant mana return. Deathcap is often the second item if you can afford it (for both), Sorc if you're not going Void Staff and typically Merc otherwise, one other offensive item (often Rylai's or WotA) and a defensive item or two.   Your strongest two picks are most likely Brand and Morgana, but they rely heavily on well placed skillshots and good positioning in team fights.   As mid, your responsibility is farming well, winning your lane, and helping side lanes and dragon control. Most of the AP carries have their tricks at farming the lane (ex Brand's pillar on the ranged, then E to follow up - or Morgana's tormented soil @ lvl 3 on the ranged), and when you know you have the advantage in your mid matchup you want to take advantage and prevent your opponent from farming. If you get behind and begin losing your lane, it's important to play defensive and catch up. Stick by your turrets, let them push in, farm, and punish them if they overextend. A fed AP carry early can absolutely wreck your side lanes and wreak havoc on your team for the rest of the game - do not let this happen. Be aware of where ganks are going out, and make good decisions about when to follow your opponent to the sidelane to help out vs pushing in their turret.
1	I love how reddit is agreeing with freeze, based on freeze's opinions. Both k0u and freeze are obviously completely opposed from each other and therefore completely biased. None of the stuff they say could even be close to the truth. Reddit like always, looks at stuff as if it was obviously someone's fault when most likely 90 percent of the shit that goes wrong in this world its both side's fault. I really hope some day people get that shit isn't just black and white.
1	There is this game on Wii Sports Resorts called sword play, and my little sister beat me every time by just swinging the remote uncontrollably. I was so good at it, and beat all of my friends. But not her. I seriously stopped playing the game because she beat me at it so much. She never blocked, and I couldn't block her random swings.
1	Glad i'm not the only one with this problem as an adc main. And can we also have a range indicator on smartcasting attack move? i use everything on smartcast including the "attack move" key. But the problem is that i use range indicators on all my smartcast but there isn't an option for a range indicator on smartcasting attack move. This would really help. It just seems to help me a lot imo.
0	Agreed. Between student loans and paying for the basic creature comforts afforded by our times, money can get spread pretty thin. I'm happy where I am for now, working for better financial security in the coming years.
1	I've played about 400 aram games (ya I know, addicted) and I used to think the same.   However if you factor in how the process which Riot uses to give you a "random" champ then you realize why you may get less "OP" champs than is expected.   edit: Riot has not specifically said EXACTLY how the process works, but this is what I've gathered from reading red posts   Basically your initial champ is random, but it cannot be the same champ that is on the opposing team. Players tend to not reroll the most popular champs -Jayce, Nid, Lux, etc- and subsequently reroll if they have unpopular champs -melee tanks with no gapclosers, etc.   So if the other team uses rerolls to get popular champs before you reroll, then they have a better chance of getting popular champs while also increasing your odds of getting unpopular champs.
1	Friend of an IRL friend (we'll call him R) likes to make fun of everyone on his team, but turns into a big ol' baby if anyone dares to make fun of him. When someone makes fun of R, he disconnects from the skype call and proceeds to feed relentlessly until the other team makes fun of him in /all, at which point he quits. After one such game, he was so upset at my boyfriend for making fun of him (after he had been ragging on my boyfriend all game, and my boyfriend was returning the jibes), he ignored both my boyfriend and me and removed us from his friend list. Now it's awkward to play with my IRL friend because R still likes to play with him, but R won't play with both of us together, so my IRL friend doesn't play with me as much as he used to.
0	That was  stupid. I'm wondering if I'm being trolled or not.   >Wow. Just wow. So much sexism.   Yeah, well, how about you pinpoint it? With a quote from me and an explanation what it is that is sexist about it. Otherwise it just looks like you've got nothing in terms of argumentation and you're out of better insults, too.   >I have never met a woman like this.   ...?   And I have never met a male my-little-pony enthusiasts. Doesn't mean they don't exist.   Yes, it's rare, but I have met a couple women like this. Go out more, I guess?   >As a woman I am horribly offended   Pffhahaha.... Oh, you're too much.   > by this gross generalization which is just that: a generalization (and therefore carries about as much weight as a stereotype).   No, this is literally the opposite of a generalization. Because we were not making a general claim! We were just talking about a couple women we know, 2-3 out of maybe a 100 if you want me to make up a statistic real quick.   > Not to mention the complete lack of anything scholarly making this more accurately: "one dudes untrained opinion"   Absolutely.. these are just wild speculations as to why these women do this. Nobody claimed any real credibility here. I also submitted my own explanation as to why they do this (
1	Ok im like 1500~ at the moment net gain of around +80 elo in last 12~ games. Whats the best way to stop someone from raging, if someone is doing poorly in their lane there is always someone who ignores the reasons why (such as jungler camping their lane, lane partner got fed by someone else, counter picked hard). The type of raging usually consists of:   1) Someone gives first blood when our jungler ganked for them( Zomg u so bad omg gg not ganking mid anymore) Pretend you are mid and he died because he dived at level 2 but fails to realise.   2) The score is 6-7 in kills and we lost drake and top lane. The jungler is making fun of top lanes poor cs "omg u cant cs learn to last  hit noob" whislt everyone else is doing fine and we are still on course to win.
1	That's true too.   For an LCS or higher caliber player, you look for things like his/her champion pool, play style, mental fortitude.   They need a champion pool large enough to where they can't get target banned and effectively negated from the game, like Amazing was when he first played for TSM.   They need to be trained in the play style of professional League of Legends, where Objectives are greater than kills.  The player needs to mesh in with 4 other people, coordinating their movements perfectly to get ahead and stay ahead in every aspect.  They need to minimize their mistakes, and be able to pounce on the mistakes of enemies.   Mental fortitude can only really be trained by being exposed to the LAN tournament environments.  Professional players for the most part all sucked when they first started, and get better by being exposed to that all too different environment repetitively.  Just like how Voyboy was able to spend a split to turn himself into a formidable top of NA LCS level mid laner.   When you look at a top level Challenger solo queue player, they will more then likely have none of the above qualities.   As the author of the article stated, many players reach Challenger almost exclusively playing a single champion.  A lot of "This is how I got high elo!" posts on Reddit and guides online support this thought, because that is usually one of the tips they give at the start of their posts/guides.  They might have a pocket pick they're comfortable with when their main gets banned, but if they get into the LCS, that's what teams with scouts do.  They will ban his main champion every game, just like PowerOfEvil from Unicorns of Love.  You ban his Syndra, and the team has no bullying power in the middle lane.   Play style is another issue as the author mentioned.  Solo queue is about winning your lane, then making sure you smash each team fight that will inevitably happen.  You're not on voice communication with your fellow solo queue players, so it is hard to do risky "follow me!" engages.  As a result, you have a player that makes selfish plays, and you have to spend time breaking that habit out of the player.   Lastly, mental fortitude.  There aren't that many Challenger tournaments, mainly because they don't generate the money that professionals do.  There are some like the Black Monster Cup, because they decided to tend to a niche target.  They know that the Challenger scene is fairly lackluster, and if they are able to get it to pick up, they'll be at the front line to gain potential profit there.  As a result, solo queue players never really have a chance to get exposure to these kind of tournaments, unless they're aiming to be a professional player by playing with a challenger team.   Given all of these tedious facets of training a new challenger solo queue player, most teams will stick with their current professional, or former professional players.   Like your example of Dignitas keeping Kiwikid.  Yes, I wouldn't say he's at the top caliber of all supports currently playing professionally, but he's played through multiple splits of the LCS live at a studio, and in play off games and other tournaments live in front of large audiences.  He knows how most of the players in his team plays, and can attempt to make the plays that fit them.  He has all the qualities a team would want out of a professional support player, just not at the level of players like Mata, Xpecial, or Yellowstar.   It's the same reason CLG is likely keeping Link.  Link chokes, but you can reasonably assume he wouldn't choke as hard as some Challenger solo queue player who went from playing in the comfort of his own bedroom to an audience of a few thousand viewers on Twitch.tv, to an audience of tens of thousands of players there to watch some good League of Legends.   The statement of "There is no talent in NA solo queue" is false.  The true statement no one wants to make is simply, "Yes, there is talent in the NA solo queue, but we do not have the time, money, or resources required to mold this said talent into LCS material."   Simply put, the "escalator" in the current format of professional League of Legends is broken.  The teams that need the new talent don't have the time, possibly the money, and definitely not the resources required.  The ones who need the talent need it because they're not at the top of the ladder, and could possibly face relegation.   So the team has to ask, "Are we willing to roll the dice on the idea that we would turn this nobody into a somebody?  Or do we just stick with <insert name of sub-par professional player here> because that line up kept us from getting relegated."  Most teams in that position will stick with their current player.   And before anyone blurts, "But Gleeb!", TSM was only able to do it because Reginald knew that Bjergsen could carry games even if Gleeb totally blew it, and they wouldn't face relegation.  I'd also assume he knew about the possible Lustboy acquisition, which made it even less pressure.  He brought Gleeb onto the team with the same mentality as HotshotGG playing with this 4 subs during the super week, except Reginald yielded results.
1	GUYS I DON'T WIN EVERY SINGLE GAME,
0	I quit my job to pursue my life dream of living in Australia.   I had very little money but I did have a friend living there who could give me accommodation for a few months.   After moving there I got myself a working holiday visa and started working.   After working for a while my boss offered to give me a work visa.   I turned him down and instead moved to Japan to be with my girlfriend who helped me get a cheap apartment and a culture visa that allowed me to work part time.   After working part time (and some extra off the books) we got married and I got a spouse visa.  I  then got a legitimate full time job.   After working full time for a few years I got a permanent residency visa and bought a house.   I am now fully settled in my new country and I don't regret a single thing.   Sure, I spent many years living in limbo, not knowing where I would end up. But I took the risk and it payed off.   You DON'T need a lot of money to make a big change in your life.  You DO need a bigger than average pair of balls to take a risk and hope for the best.   It is way too easy to sit in your comfortable little bubble whining that you don't have enough money to change your life.   It's far more rewarding to go out on a limb and gamble that safe life for something better.
1	Well it might be kinda confusing/complicated, but ill try my best to explain it. But to start off, I am at platinum IV right now. This is all based on my experience. Experience may vary from different divisions.   When you are in a heated 5v5 for a turrent, the defending team has to do their best to protect the tower from taking any damage, and it is more advantageous for them to fight under tower, not away from it. While for the offensive team, it is disadvantageous to even initiate and fight at tower and so they will try to take some free shots on the enemy tower.   Alright so then we are at defending, it is completely situational to be able to "lock them up" in defending a turrent. The enemy team is usually smart enough to not engage and fight under tower. In defending tower, it is not smart to engage other team either, unless they are separated.   So in offensive, trying to take tower. Fighting under tower is a no no. No matter the team comp or the league, fighting under tower is always a no no. Teams cannot always do anything while trying to get a tower. Only pretty much the adc and the mid lane can attack tower if he/she is ranged. Pretty much, a melee champion cannot attack towers and if the champion does, he will be dead because he will be directly under tower.
0	Right? Fuck everybody saying this stuff, I feel like I entered one giant racist circlejerk by opening the comments. Also, for the record, I wasn't a lifeguard, but I worked around the beach and pool areas at my last job (for 3 long years), so I saw everything the lifeguards did pretty much. We had black kids, white kids, and other kids of different races. Do you know who caused the most trouble out of all of them? Three spoiled white kids. So all of these closet bigots need to sit the fuck down.
1	Please take him back. It was kind of annoying seeing some guy that I had never seen before talking about League of Legends in the biggest tournament to date. I want to see people that I know and that have developed their appearance at tournaments, not some random guy from Starcraft. Not only was he random, but every time he showed up he dominated the conversation and was pretty much talking the whole time. Each time the internet cut out and he showed up with Deman and Jatt, he would be the one talking for what seemed like the entire time he was in teh casting booth.
1	Granted, I'm not the best League player in the world, but this doesn't seem like a very great build to me.   Rod of Ages, yes, Zhonya's, yes, Athene's, yes, but I'm not too certain about the rest of the items. Liandry's only procs on the first hit of her Q, IIRC, and I feel like there's probably better items you could replace it with.   With RoA and Athene's I have enough mana and sustain on Liss that I really don't see Archangel's/Seraph's being necessary on her, and Iceborn just seems like it'd be terrible on her. Abyssal would be all right, I suppose, if there's a lot of AP on the enemy team, but again, I think Athene's helps enough with MR.   And what about Deathcap?? With her AP ratios, I don't know why on earth you wouldn't get it on her, sure she starts out pretty weak, but in my experience so far, if you get enough AP on her she turns into a pretty effective burst mage.
0	makes a very blank face   ...Yes... it should be recuerdo... THAT WAS TOTALLY INTENTIONAL!   You got the different definitions of working right. However, "Espero que lo arreglas" (I hope that you fix it (with incorrect grammar)) is wrong.   "Espero que te matas" is also wrong.   However, "Espero que lo arregles" is correct (Yes, arreglar is an -ar verb. Simply put, the subjunctive tense (mood, really) implies the uncertainty of a verbs existence   "I hope  you fix it ". Yes, I said "you fix it". However, even though I used the verb, I didn't  mean  you fix it.   Verbs use the subjunctive tense if another word in the sentence (or the context in which they're spoken) changes their meaning to become less definite. "If you do <verb>, -> (I will give you candy)". Will I give you candy? Well, I have no idea; the "If you do x" has made the verb indefinite.   Sí me dejas conducirte, te diere (dar, future subj.) dulces.
1	Elise is a tricky one, she's been one of my mains since I started playing and I still play her today. I think she has a very interesting play style and skill cap, and even though everyone here thinks she is trash, in high elo she is still quite high on the list even though shes not at the very top by any means, and she definitely needs some attention (the PBE 'buffs' are a joke).   The reason that Elise isn't that good anymore is because she's had so many nerfs. If you look through the patch notes history, because of how strong Elise used to be, Riot gave her lots and lots of small nerfs here and there to try and balance her and them all stacked onto each other created what we have now.   It started with her spider form not giving Armor and Magic Resist anymore, she actually lost quite a lot of golds worth of stats from that nerf so that significant nerf hurt her, but she was so OP that it didn't knock her down a peg.   After that Elise got a couple more nerfs, her Spider E range got a range nerf, and they also fixed a bug which let her cast spells and auto attack while she was untargettable, which even though it was a bug fix reduced her power significantly. In this patch they also nerfed her Human W movespeed, before the nerf Elise's Human W was impossible to out run as it was just so fast, after this patch it was then possible to out run it. They also changed the positioning of her spiderlings in that patch, before Elise's spiderlings would eat a lot of skillshots for her, which would otherwise kill her or make her burn flash (Nidalee Spears and Thresh Hooks for example). The spiderlings would also attack a little bit more after you changed back into a human before disappearing, this patch also removed that so this nerfed her fighting and clearing in general a little bit too.   After all of these nerfs, Elise was in a much better state game health wise but she was still a priority pick, having around 100% pick ban rate in competitive play iirc.   Riot then did another batch of nerfs, which were very significant. Elise's spiderlings health got reduced, her Human E stun duration changed from being 1.5 at all ranks, to scaling with level at 1/1.25/1.5/1.75/2 (need 3 points in E to have the same stun duration as before) and most importantly, both of her Q's got significant damage nerfs to both champions and monsters. This nerfed her objective control and general fighting quite a lot. Both of her Q's got nerfed from 300 damage to monsters at max rank to 150 which is absolutely massive both for clearing but also for securing dragons and Barons (Keep in mind that Lee Sin even now has 400 damage to monsters on his Q). Her Spider Q took the biggest hit by losing 40 to champions damage at max rank. However, Riot compensated a little by reducing the cooldown on her Spider E a bit, but the compensation buff was pretty irrelevant as you can only use it more or less once in a fight regardless.   At this point Elise is not as strong as she was by any means, but I would say her power level was less than Lee Sin, but she was still a good jungler to take.   They then gave her some more nerfs, Elise's Human E hitbox got reduced to 55 from 70, and although yes this did nerf her ability to hit E in general, it was actually bigger than that. Before the nerf, Elise could easily use her Spider E to gapclose to someone and then essentially guarantee that her stun would hit because the hitbox was big enough to hit the enemy at point blank, the ability to do that got removed. Further, they nerfed the range on her Spider E from 925 to 750. On PBE Riot also planned to nerf her Human Q range from 625 to 500... thank god that didn't go through.
0	I'm a recovering heroin addict and I've lost alot of friends to overdoses. It's sad when someone you care about dies. I didn't watch Glee, I didn't even know who this guy was until he died. But he had friends and family that loved him. I feel bad for them. Also I feel like if they make these deaths more mainstream then maybe it will deter one kid from trying dope or whatever.
1	Sorry, but I've got to disagree. There is a point when it's probably best to surrender, sure (being down 20 kills, outlevelled so far you can't defend at a turret as you mentioned, etc.), but honestly, "don't waste time and surrender" is terrible advice just because  one  person has over-fed / lost their lane / wants to rage or 20min surrender.   I've won more 4v5s than I've lost when that ragequitting feeder AFKs; Suddenly there's no more free XP/Gold pinata running around the map. Not to mention, even when things seem unwinnable, often times I've found it's just poor engage on our team / no focus- correcting it & trying again often fixes that (assuming you're not crazy-far behind).
1	You say that the support is supposed to be killed last. However, when the supports had to do all the warding, they would often get picked off while on a warding mission as a way to get the upper hand in a coming teamfight. This way, supports and other squishy champs can ward where it is safe and more tanky champs can do the dangerous warding.   Also, an assassin as support will always be a risky pick, because of their inate weakness in 2v2 lanes. An assassin usually goes in only when a kill is within sight. In a 1v1 lane, if you have control of the enemy jungler, there is noone but your target to stop the assassination. If you go in on a marksman with an oldschool support, you stand the risk of getting silenced, stunned, slowed or exhausted, which usually means the end of an assassin. If the support has a heal or a shield, your calculation of burst vs. targets remaining hp may also be completely wrong. In addition, you have few ways to save the marksman during ganks or other kill attemps. (
0	There's an intersection near me that has a "No Turn on Red" sign up but it also has a traffic signal that has a right turn green arrow for when the cross traffic is taking their left turns. People who don't drive around here often don't look up to look for the peculiar right turn arrow and many miss it. I look like the asshole giving them a short honk but it's a major highway on ramp street so there's a huge line usually.
1	This honestly goes to show how stupid and forgiving the Ranked system was. I'm not talking about the reset or the placement games at all. There was about double to triple the amount of people in diamond and platinum. People seem to forget that games are almost entirely based on HIDDEN MMR, which means you CANT SEE IT. The ranked system is just a really nice packaging of the ranked system to make you feel better about yourself in my opinion. I honestly miss Elo, and don't know why people NEEDED the system to be changed to this, Elo was a very accurate representation of progress or no progress within the ranked system, now I feel like people have to guess what their rank really is.   With all these placement games and complaining.     Who cares... If you were gold 4 and now you are Silver 2, well guess what, you were a gold 4 player not long ago, what is stopping you from getting back there?     If you were Gold 5 and 0LP and constantly losing and now after the reset you are Silver 5, well that makes sense, you clearly didn't belong in your Division. Riot was holding your hand.
0	I had a stint in unemployment a while back.  The challenge I faced was that I basically ran out of things to do.  40 hrs a week of job hunting is something you can do for 2-3 weeks.  But if you're in a specialized industry you'll run out if opportunities really quickly.  Then you just fall into maintenance mode where you only have maybe 15-20 hours of work doing the networking and monitoring job boards.  Some reading and professional development is important to keep yourself current.  But there's only so much you can do to fill your time.
0	Your in the same place that I was for years.  The only revenge that you need is to focus on your weight loss goals.  When I finally realized that changing myself was all that mattered, all I cared about, I just busted fucking ass. I went from over 300lbs to 195 in just over a year.  Everything I did was healthy, no weight loss supplements or protein shakes, just exercize like a mother fucker and eating very specific.  Once I lost the weight the look on all those shitty people that poked fun over the years was so worth it.  I got the hot girlfriend and was able to truly start enjoying life. My before and after pictures are what keep me humble..
1	ADC's are balanced right now because they don't bring a lot to the table in the early game, compared to AP mids, whereas when they get to late game they are the shining stars. If riot were to make 4 new item slots that would mean they had to fix the entire way they balanced the different playstyles, so that adc's wouldn't 1-2 shot everyone not being above 200armor and a shitload of hp. The same way Apc would fall more and more and lastly become almost useless, because if as you said, you have a veigar, then imagine him in a fight vs. a 6 offensive item ADC + 4 defensive items (Warmogs+GA+Maw of malmortius+banshee's) the ADC would still just melt the Apc, and the Ap wouldn't be able to touch him.   So the
1	Good amount of flat AD for the price (Only more efficient item in the price range is BF Sword), but on top of that it also has the active, which for Talon means an extra 60% of his AD on his combo every time, bringing his Total AD scaling up to 300% Bonus AD and 260% of his Total AD from 300% Bonus AD and 200% Total AD (2 Autos per combo).   So basically as long as you're ALWAYS using Tiamat when you go in, the item essentially gives you the same benefit as 64 AD on it's own, and even more if you have more AD than that. So it's always going to be a good ~100 or so damage better in one burst combo than BF Sword when you get it early game, which is totally worth the extra 400g since it has an easy build path and scales to be better lategame.
0	We used to always camping every year with some family friends.   One year we just stopped going. And when I asked my parents my mum was like, we don't like them anymore. Last year my dad finaly told me that he found out one of the dads beat his wife sometimes and that dad had threatened (but in a serious way) to kill him at the camp.   My dad is not one of those guys you fuck with, 6'4 and 120kg. None of the the other dads stood with him, just my dad. And after that we were excluded from the group   IL &
1	You have to understand how unranked placements work on a fresh lvl 30. I have a very good understanding of it because I've done it on about 20 or so accounts. Your first 3-4 games in your placements, if you are a new player, will always be against other unranked players who have bad kda's and a ton of losses both in normals and any placement matches they have already done. So anyone you are playing with in these games, will be landing in bronze or low silver anyway. If you continue to lose, you will keep queing with people who are also losing. So again, by throwing your placement matches, you really aren't ruining anyones placements because they will be placing low anyway.   What I said about your first 3-4 placement games is always true if you are a new player. Now say you win your first 4 placement matches. Your 5th game will generally be against ranked high silver or gold, now if you win this game, you will continue to que against this MMR for the remainder of your placements generally. If you lose your 5th game, you will go right back to queing against unranked. Anyone who says that your normals KDA and win/loss ratio has no effect on how you que in your placements, is wrong. If I, myself, smurf and lvl an account to 30, generally my first placement match will start off against silver ranked or other unranked players who are doing very well in placements. If I buy a botted lvl 30 accnt, which will have a horrid kda and 75% losses, my first placement matches will ALWAYS be against new players.
0	It is to my understand that it's the difference in optimization Youtube's servers and Pornhubs. Youtube's servers are more optimized to search for videos and query them, because youtube heavily relies on searching so they put more focus into that. Whereas Pornhub knows not a lot of searches are submitted and it is less important, so they optimize for rendering the videos. Ever wondered why searching on Pornhub is so slow?
1	Replied directly but hijacking the top comment to get visibility:   We learned a lot from doing the 2014 World Final in Seoul's World Cup stadium. In particular, while it was a landmark event for LoL esports because so many people were there, we think that indoor stadiums are more conducive to promoting energy and excitement of crowds far better than outdoor stadiums. On top of that, it's a lot easier for us to capture crowd energy on stream when it's indoors for the home audience.   For Dock Pullman specifically, we'll have around ~1500 fans each day, but all of group stages will be there, so that'll be two weeks of games (8 days).
1	The thing is you need to look deep into the system to understand the flaws : The system is ruled by Elo rating. Elo is ( not including special modifications from riot ) theoretically a representation of level AND expected outcome : it is made so that a team of 2200 Elo players will have let's say ( made up ) 55% chances of winning against a 2100 Elo players team. And same chances for 2100 against 2000  Now there's the gain. Gain comes from expected outcomes: if you are D5 at 2000 Elo you'll win more Elo for beating 2100 Elo players than what you lose for a defeat, and they may win less in case of victory and lose more in case of defeat.  Furthermore, the system has mmr thresholds for divisions ( if you're above you'll win more lp and if you're below you'll win les. Revert for losses ).  Then 2 factors have to be taken into account: there's a finite number of players at the top tiers. So instead of reflecting only mmr the system is also a filter for master/challenger.  Then the system is very forgiving when demoting. To be more efficient the system should kick on any 0 LP loss if your mmr is under the threshold and keep you in if its over.  Lastly, the system has a harder time to get equal mmr on both teams. So you can have let's say 70% win, but all against lower mmr team, and have only defeats vs your level. The system gave you little mmr for wins and made you lose way more for defeats.
1	I'd be lying if I said I hadn't done this myself in games as an ADC player in which my 2/20/3 support, who spent the laning phase essentially right clicking the enemy players and then getting up from the keyboard, has the balls to complain about the other players in the game, ESPECIALLY myself.   The people who do that kind of thing and then want to leave so they can go on to another game to do the same thing make me feel like they deserve to be forced to stick it out, or eat the essentially non-existant and ineffective leave penalty, and I'll dedicate myself to doing anything which delays the end of the game in the name of that purpose, including immediately voting no in the surrender votes.   I assume the amount of people I save from shitters like that is worthy enough of my time suffering through it myself.
1	My question is related to the Trundle rework. I understand the thought behind redoing his lore and look to be more a part of the world. I don't like it, but it's a good thought and I won't be complaining about it here. I will focus purely mechanically.   Overall, Trundle can go Top fairly well now, something he couldn't before. But he lost his amazing jungle status. The lowered damage on early ranks of Q wreck his clear time, the increased healing on W doesn't balance out for the extra hits from mobs you'll be taking (Because of the decreased clear times), and the reduced duration on the E is just a weird random nerf.   The worst change, I feel, was the removal of his CC reduction. That was the big element of what made Trundle's ganks actually good. It defined Trundle. It allowed him to take an entire enemy team to the face and tough it out, very fitting for his character. I mean, after you nerfed Singed's ult in the same way, it's starting to seem like you're just hating on CC reduction.   For good reason, I suppose. If you're not an experienced player, it can be difficult to counter a tank with that much tenacity. But either way, it hurts his ganks and late game performance so much that it's not worth the extra healing and attack speed, in my personal opinion.   I would like to focus just on this factor here. Why have you made Trundle such a worse jungler in exchange for top lane game? I don't think it's versatility. I'd even say the jungling with him effectively now is nigh-impossible.  I'm just a concerned Trundle main, and I'd like to know why you changed things so drastically.
0	The whole "men get raped, too" argument isn't helping anyone   Sure, how about that:   Since the vocal minority of your gender called feminists, which emerged as a bunch of too self-conscious women who thought women of early to-mid 1900s were informed enough to have the right to vote and should've been gone by now, but for some reason continues striving completely discredits the fact that male rape is somehow important (but not female rape), we, males, have to play passive aggressive because of the stereotype-based patriarchal society you have been helping us to build throughout the millennia?
1	As you said earlier, regardless of what date system you use, by the time your brain realizes it's reading a date it's already dissected the information into a usable form.   Since we're being technical about the minds subconscious digesting of date formats, when it reads the first digit D gives us, since 0AD to the end of 2014, 24,180 occurrences for D=1-28, ~500 for for 22,659 for D=29, and 22,165 for D=30, and 14,105 for D=31. Y first immediately drops it to 365. I don't know about you, but if I had to actively sift through a subset of ~735,964 day plot points I'd want to get down to 365 after a single piece of information than search through multiple tables of 14k+ subsets.
0	I understand that but in the context of reddit's comments section the bot kind of hurts the joke. Like that guy who feels the need to explain every joke someone else is making. There are plenty of ways to read small text and I'd think visually disabled people who read tons of comments and text on a pc do it all the time.
0	It's an effort to try and keep trolling at bay by removing anonymity.   I worked for a company that used Facebook validation as a way to verify the age of the user (this was for a mobile app, for what that's worth). Since Facebook's ToS require that users be 13 years of age or older, you can piggy back on this and not have to verify the user's age yourself (if you want to enforce age restrictions). Obviously there are plenty of people under 13 violating these ToS on Facebook, but it's a decent enough way to dodge blame if a kiddo starts using your product.   That said, requiring me to use Facebook or Google to sign up for your product will almost always make me leave your page/uninstall your app.
0	UPDATE   So everyone wanting an update this happened roughly 2 weeks ago and my dog is okay... She needed 5 stitches by her right ear on the back of her neck. The guy is just straight up being a dick about it, and he has been reported to our buildings managers, and his dog has a history of attacking other dogs around the building.( this is the most serious incident to date) Because the dog has not attacked a person he is under no legal obligation to put his dog down, unless I try to pursue that option through the court. The vet bill was $200 because the vet did not charge me as much as he should have for her treatment because he respected how well i responded to it and how fast I got her to the vet...The overall cost would have been around 500 due to the medication she needed....
0	One sleep cycle is, on average, about 90 minutes. I believe there are four phases in a sleep cycle, each one deeper than the last. The deepest phase is REM (rapid eye movement), which happens in the middle of the cycle before you go through the cycles in reverse and come out of deep sleep. In the REM phase, you do your most vivid dreaming and your body literally paralyzes itself as it recuperates. Most people go through about 4-6 sleep cycles each night, which equates to about 6-9 hours of sleep.   I learned this fact like five years ago and it's changed my sleeping habits for the better. I find that if I get 7.5 or 9 hours of sleep I feel great! This is because I'm waking up during the lightest stage of a sleep cycle. It's how you'd naturally wake up without an alarm.   But if I wake up after 8 hours, I'm in the middle of a sleep cycle and likely in the REM phase, so I feel groggy and lethargic. This is because my body is actually paralyzed at that moment I wake up. Additionally, I can vividly remember my dreams when I wake up during this phase, since REM deep sleep involves the most active dreaming.   I have no idea why you hear 8 hours a night thrown around so often. I mean, obviously every person is different and your sleep cycles may be way off from 90 minutes, but 8 hours has never worked for me.
0	I was told once by my roommate of the time who was black that I would never have a lot of black friends because I couldn't understand what it was like to be black, and so they could never be truly comfortable around me.   Doesn't mean I still don't have black friends, and Indian, and Asian and every other type that happens to be my friend.
0	Fun facts:   In the olden days (think the Renaissance), fat was considered attractive because only the well-to-do had the time, money, and resources to foster some chub.  Fast forward to the 21st century and we find slender, athletic builds attractive because it's mostly the well-to-do who have the time, money, and resources to maintain that type of figure.
0	I do hate how a lot of people who claim to follow God completely forget how just He is. I am under the impression that no good man, atheist or god fearing, will be left out of heaven. If there are things they need to get done before they can go to heaven I'm sure God will give them the chance anyway. Heck millions upon millions have lived and died without ever hearing of God. I am 100% sure they will all get a chance. God isn't going to let someone sit high and dry and thrust them down to hell just because they never had the chance.
0	I had a dream once:   In it, while walking my dog like I do every night I was hit by an impaired driver.  The dream thankfully made it so I passed out during the impact. I woke up to what I assume was supposed to be my mother hovering over me in what was supposed to be a hospital (remember this is a dream shit is weird) and I tried to sit up but instead my legs came up.  I thought in my dream that's strange and looked at my now elevated legs, but they were not there. So I threw off the blanket to find nothing but gauze rapped nubs.  Other than that I was fine so they cleared me to go home.  I was in shock and all I wanted to do was pet my dog.  This is when Dr. Kelso told me that my dog had been killed in the accident.   That's when I woke up in a cold sweat, my dog lying at the foot of my bed and my toes pointing up, where they should be.   That is when I did something really foolish, I thanked the world that this could never happen...
1	I will agree that Regi has been underperforming, or as some might say performing as badly as they expected.   It's not just him though.  Xpecial has making some questionable moves.  His flash stun with Annie was really awkward.  The casters said that he did it after Regi left, but that wasn't the case, it was almost like he did it without communicating to his team, it was so strange how nobody tried to follow up, which makes me wonder why he did it.   In the first game versus SKT, Dyrus made a  really  dumb decision when he literally walked towards Renekton... who could stun him... and gave up first blood.  That was one of the only few times I would say I noticed TSM doing something stupid.   And I know it's easy to watch things unfold and see the mistakes happening and think "man why did he do that.." but some of the things Dyrus did in these past few TSM games were just confusing.  What's crazy about that is that I'm a Silver V shitter.  I'm only really good at the game compared to my friends and a lot of people I encounter in solo queue.  Dyrus was an NA allstar, so was Xpecial, and all of them are mechanically superior to me and have superior game knowledge, but that's exactly why I'm trying to say that their play confused me.  They are all very good players and I actually like all of their personalities, but when I saw them make mistakes that even I wouldn't make (casting hemo on a healthy Shen who has high MR who can escape easily, walking back into a 2v1 after narrowly escaping) it's just disheartening!   I wish TSM would play as good as they truly are.  I don't think they were at the top of their game.  It wasn't just facing better opponents, I feel like it was a combination of nerves and really bad communication and a lack of coordination.  If they played like that versus GG.eu, it would have been a very shaky win for TSM.   I really hope that they figure out a better way to communicate.  Maybe not rely on only Regi to make calls, at least not all of them.  It should be all of them making calls whenever they see an opportunity to create a play, and everyone needs to have calm nerves and the confidence in themselves and the person calling the play to follow up on the call.
1	Why is it a big deal to people? All teams face problemes like that once in a while and subs are made for these situations , it's not like 4 subs means insta loss , ( last time they had a 1/1 week with 4 subs ) . Also it's Russia and their strictness not Riot or GMB's fault , but people like to blame a certain person and start a circle jerk about it eachtime , they clearly said that they helped them in the  process etc but it asn't enough that means that they couldn't do anything about it .
0	To quote George Carlin: "Here's something you'll never hear a guy say: 'STOP SUCKING MY DICK OR I'LL CALL THE POLICE.'"
0	I certainly can't speak for everyone, but I tend to dislike hunters because I've never personally met one that was reasonable or responsible about it. Murdering animals to them is more than a way to get food, more than sport - it's purely for fun and bragging rights. Many of the ones I've met don't give half a fuck what season it is; if they see something they want to shoot, they'll shoot it because "no gov'ment can tell me how to live my life" or "God put animals on this Earth so we can eat them." There's always some argument for them to be above everyone else.   To give you a bit more insight, I've seen people go out and kill 3-4 deer for a family of 5 adults. They then realize they only want 1 or maybe 2, so they leave the rest there to rot because "it's natural and other animals will eat it". So they bring home their 1-2 deer, talking the whole way back about how awesome it was that they missed the first few shots and crippled the animal, and how great it was to watch it slowly die (of course, they didn't put it out of its misery because that's a waste of bullets - you only shoot again if it'll get away). They get home, instantly throw away perfectly good meat in the freezer to make room, and "clean" the deer where everyone in the neighborhood can see. Freeze it, eat a couple of meals from it, then repeat next weekend...   Are most hunters like this? Absolutely not. I'm positive that this isn't common whatsoever. In fact, I'm pretty positive this is a rarity made 'common' purely because of the protection of small-town IncestJesusville, KY. But do I think about it every time someone says they hunt? Absolutely. I'll always relate hunting - no matter how reasonable - to selfish, psychopathic behavior.
1	While i like Cloud 9 as a team, that's a bit of a bold statement "World Meta", above all people should understand how meta folds:     Champion 1 is buffed   Champion 1 becomes significally more effective to play   Champion 1 got some advantage at some point of game which deems him op, because people have no clue how to deal with that (yet)   Players seek similar champions to Champion 1 and build them alike   More and more people recognize it's popularity, meta towards certain playstyle is formed, boosted by similar new champion releases     Often the simple solution to break meta is is take one factor what forms it, and negate it's effects. Funny thing is, often it results in using dated solutions, but sometimes it's THE counter to meta at hand.   I mean, look at Koreans doing that Double AD, with Ezreal being mid. Is this new? No, it's ancient, Ezreal was a very very popular mid before ranked games even existed. Except the difference is... That Ezreal was worked towards becoming AD over these years, and the recent addition to many on-hit effects such as frozen gauntlet, muramana's active and BotRK makes his key ability (Mystic Shot, Q) a deadly, long range poking ability, basically doing everything you want, a good chunk of damage, damage based on health, armor shred, slow etc. all that with low cooldown and mana cost. Recycled strategy to counter strategy at hand.   Now now you may ask, how does that have anything to do with C9?   Simple, C9 uses the "meta" or the compositions that excel at pushing (wave clear, burst damage, steroids of all kind).   It was developed during s2 actually (yes it was the asian region). Since they didn't have access to LoL as early as NA/EU, their mechanical skills weren't as good as NA and EU for example. They were constantly behind in cs (go look if you don't believe) BUT they had champions with global presence, such as Shen, TF etc... They could turn fights un-even at any given time early on which allowed them to create pushing situations, since NA teams were prone to their cs and "farming", they sort of let that happen. Result? Loss.   Also the fact that asian regions (and m5) were under this shroud of darkness. No-one knew how they play, but they knew everything about the popular, streaming teams. Which led those (asian/m5) teams to do something, now called as "cheesing". They had a hunch what they could be playing, result - loss during bans/picks, using strategies that may result in a win once/twice or as long as the enemy doesn't realize what they're dealing with.   Take recent game of EG vs Fnatic for an example   Froggen played Twitch Mid, did Fnatic know how effective it is? No. Did they know how to counter or react to it, however? Yes. Result was poor laning phase for Froggen, but over-all a win for EG because they "cheesed"   And they aren't in this shroud anymore, they constantly display their tactics, strategies in national tournaments. I do believe C9 has a good chance to win due to the amount of homework LemonNation does for them (unless during those last games, one of the teams whips out something completely new). But i think "World Meta" is a funny wording for it.
0	Nobody should be required to go to these events. But I can tell you if I have an employee that shows a patter of just getting the minimum done I know who I'm going to use development hours on and who I'm not.   If you just want to do the minimum, you send a clear message to management that you're just a body who's content to be a little cog and not worth wasting training time on.   We are social animals, and business usually work more efficiently if employees can connect and communicate more effectively. Events like this help interactions for most employees. If you don't want to participate in that process, you are welcome to do so. But don't complain about your dead-end job or how Steve got a promotion ahead of you because he 'brown-nosed' his way to the top.
1	Well, I'm not going to post all my thoughts on Nidalee, since it would be a really long comment on a thread that's already 15 hours old, but I'll put in a shortened version of it. In my opinion, Nidalee's primary issues stem from her very powerful heal, her high mobility, and the inconsistency of her javelins.   My major changes would involve lowering the base damage and AP ratio of her javelin by a fair margin, but significantly increasing the missile speed to make them more consistent. I want Nidalee to be able to rain spears from afar during a siege, but I want to see consistent, reliable damage as opposed to an occasional brutal hit. I agree with you that her heal needs a pretty big drop on the ratio. I'd like to see some of that AP ratio moved to the attack speed bonus, though. It would place a larger emphasis on the offensive nature of her heal and reinforce her role as a strong siege champion. As to Nidalee's mobility, I think that it's too reliable in any situation. She can escape all but the stickiest champions (Lee Sin, Kassadin, etc.) even if she's just running straight down a lane. I would increase the cooldown on Pounce significantly; at least double what it is now. To compensate, I would increase the movement speed bonus on her passive and make Pounce dash farther to incentivize sneaky paths across walls and through the jungle rather than directly away from her opposition.   This comment still ended up a lot longer than I intended, but that's the general idea of where I think Nidalee's problems lie and how I would fix them, given the chance. I also would like to make some smaller changes to her Cougar form to put a little power back into AD Nidalee, but that's a little out of the central topic here.
1	Telling players how much damage one of their abilities can possibly do does not in any way lower the skill cap of a champion OR the game. Syndra's ultimate for example, gives you the possible max damage assuming max amounts of spheres. Now we are explicitly told this in the tooltip but does that make it easier for me or any other player to pull off the combo and ability in an actual fight? Like heck it does. (not even mad)
1	My story:   Season 1 : I basically joined the game, so i had tons of fun discovering all the bits and such. I knew there was some competitive scene, but its not possible to compare it with one we have nowadays.   Season 2 : The game posed a bigger challenge to me now. I started playing ranked a lot, was kinda disappointed i had archived only gold. But i had tons of fun watching streams of pros.   Season 3 : I could say I understood the game, i archived ~50lp D1 at EUW. I was daily spectating LCS and such, but i played the game less.   Season 4 : I trasffered from EUW to EUNE, because most of my friends are playing there. Archived Challenger, enjoying the game in its depth. Playing a lot less and when i do, i enjoy it the most of all the seasons.
0	I know that feel. My one legged ex used that as an excuse every time she did something I got mad at her for. Just break down and say she was stressed about her health. Finally, we were vacationing in the mountains and I received a random call from a dude who said she had been dating him all along, and i was the other guy. She of course had the same excuse. She was just a shitty person and there is no excuse for that. I checked into my own hotel room and left her there in the morning, about eight hours from where we lived with no ride.
1	Helping with 5. since you asked What instead of When --  You buy according to what your champ needs. For example, I play a ton of Malzahar, which means my first big item is usually one of three different items (Zhoynas, Rod of Ages, or Morellonomicon) and I determine which item I should go for depending on the enemy composition and my performance early game.  If I'm against an AP burster like Leblanc -- I'm going for Rod of Ages because it gives me health and mana to survive against her all-ins while still being able to pump out some DPS. It's also a great scaling item for mid-late game.  If I'm against an AD burster like Zed, Jayce, or Talon -- I'm going for Zhonyas because the Armor and active are perfect for taking as little damage as possible when they're trying to put down some poke, while also being able to virtually negate their all-ins.  Against almost anyone else (especially sustain mids like Swain or Vlad) -- I'm rushing the Morellonomicon for the mana regen, and healing debuff for mid game objective fights (whether it be sieging an outer turret or a Dragon Fight, the healing debuff is excellent for countering Healing effects during crucial mid game fights).
1	I almost purely play support, with the runes to support a few diffrent ones.   In my opinion, the problem is still: "Taric1!1!1!!1!! why you no got any CS!, you noob!"     seriously tho, me this last night...      But yes, learn to either obey order or know who you are playing with and know your own capabilities and issue orders.     This means, if you play AD carry, please learn how the support champs work, Taric has a short range stun, heal and armor buff; normally getthing the armor first. Janna need someone to stay still before she can make them "jump", she also has a shield and a slow. With someone like Janna, you need to not do "stewpid" stuff, without signaling, since she can't heal you. It takes some time to figure out how agressive the person you are playing with are; failing to do so, and them blaming them... It's almost something you want to rage-quit over... :D
1	Im sorry but the math is still off. I wasn't guessing, I did the math myself some time ago, just don't know the exact numbers anymore, however I still have a decent understanding of it. You are not counting in the magicpen from sorc shoes, runes, and masteries, which all make the deathcap more favorable. Also your choice of a champion that has "high scaling" is a bit off too, try looking [here]( It hasn't been updated in a while, but it will give you and idea of the base ap ratios, which correspond to the initial burst and also the ap per second, which corresponds to the sustained damage.   EDIT: Also, considering how the items are, and how the natural scaling of armor and mres works, it is still favorable to build %armorpen against targets that don't get armor items, however it is a waste to build %magic pen against targets that don't build mres, which is a huge factor in this whole argument.   You shouldn't be so quick to type an all caps
0	I disagree. At the bottom of the screen a small blue car can be seen slowing down for no reason. This causes the car behind them to hit their brakes causing the start of the jam.
1	this thread has just become a karma pool, insert joke,???,profit.   anyways back on topic, don't forget Iran is one of the few (unfortunately) country's that operate law based on Shariah ( might i remind u this is NOT an official law book in Islam, some retardfrogs just did.)   i'm a muslim myself and i feel ashamed of these kind of things, sure Women should be reasonably covered but what has been always told and learned to me is that this is everyone's own decision, u wont see me banning "female champs" or not looking at a women that does not wear a burka.   also, nowhere in the Quran it says this is punishable, the Quran get misrepresented alot, in a simple way i should say: Don't use the Quran to guide ur way of life. don't take quote's of the Quran out of context.   Allah is forgiving, and the most important rule in Islam is to not JUDGE, nobody has any right to JUDGE someone else for there actions, for allah is mercifull and you're judgement might be wrong, in other words ; u can't punish (as a government) for drinking alcohol, looking at women, being gay. this is all in judgement of Allah so what they are doing is wrong in the first place...   such a long post, but i just had to express myself.
1	It's stupid because this issue would be 100% resolved with booths as is standard in e sports   Not allowed to Link ongamers articles on reddit, but you are free to go and look up their articles on SC2 pros complaining about sound getting through booths the same way people are complaining about Riot's noise cancelling headsets.   And since noise cancelling works by attacking the frequencies of the noise, and the headsets and booths are both working on the same frequencies they have significant diminishing returns. The frequencies that slip through 1 will still slip through the other as neither counters them. What it does counter will likely be further reduced but at significantly diminishing returns. For example [here's]( a graph of the difference in sound dampening between 2, 3, and 4, extra sheets of the same sound dampening dry wall. As you can see the difference between the initial dB loss of the various frequencies, and the additional dB loss with more of the same materials is very small. This is because adding more material of the same sound cancelling type is one of the least effective methods of reducing sound.
0	If you ordered a laptop off the internet, and when it arrived it was a different brand (let's say HP rather than Asus), but just had just as good specs, you'd probably be confused.   If you needed to use it, the laptop would probably work just as well as the one you ordered, and for practical purposes, you wouldn't care. Processor, hard drive, all there and fine. maybe the webcam is not as good, or something you don't care about.   But you'd have to wonder what the hell the seller was doing sending you the wrong thing. Especially if it later turns out that  all  of the laptops he'd been selling were not as advertised. What if they were all dodgy and died after 2 months use? It's possible that could have been the case if he'd sent you the one you'd asked for, but now he just seems less trustworthy.
1	Before the tournament , TSM and the tourny holders agreed that TSM was allowed to stream. ( Note only dyrus was streaming though ) AS LONG AS dyrus had text ( which he did ) running across the top of his stream telling people about GGchronicles casting stream.   Please stop posting false information when you have NO idea what you are talking about.
1	Win your lane, punish every lane, kill their carry in teamfights... These tips are good if you are able to get the advantage on the other mid laner, but even if you gank other lanes effectively it might not result into a victory. But the most important aspect of the game is Team spirit. You need to keep the morale of the team a good a possible. If your team is starting to rage at eachother, you could be 40-0 and it won't make a difference.   The chat box is pretty much the place where people lose most of their game. Wether it is in champion select or during the game. People start to argue then they lose focus and they start to throw. The only good thing to say in chat are pretty much : -glhf -nj -gj -need help :D? -I love this team -gg wp   I've tried it and it works. I was stuck in silver V for a long time and now i'm climbing the ladder pretty quickly. After a while you will play vs  people with better mechanics and all and at this point it will be important to roam when you need to roam and to punish other lane when you have the opportunity.
0	When you are expecting one's first child, nobody knows who they are. You can be 15, or you can be 50, and I promise you that having that kid will change who you are and how you see yourself pretty damn profoundly. Having personal shit figured out before having a kid doesn't count for half as much as you think it will. I think more life experience may make the transition into parenthood easier, and your external life circumstances absolutely matter, but there is no "being prepared personally" or "knowing who you are" when having your first kid.   Becoming a parent is a totally unique experience of ecstatic crisis that makes you feel completely insane. People who have not had kids yet or who have had them so long ago look at you, think things like >At 18, does anyone really know who they are?   because we like to think that such a huge responsibility should be taken on only when we have all our shit together.   Finding your identity in the process of becoming a parent is a great thing, and the idea that "you need to know who  you  are as a person, apart from your kids" is something I have heard from far more people without kids than I have seen parents with stunted personalities. Being a parent changes you profoundly, and not in ways you would probably choose, but not in bad ways either. The idea that you should know who you are before becoming a parent speaks more of a young adult fear of loss of identity and self, and fails to do justice to the incredible amount of self discovery that occurs looking into the face of your first child for the first time, and every second, minute, and day thereafter.   source: I am a Dad who at age 27 has a 5 month old son.
1	For your last question: I like to play champs that can split push like monsters. Zed, Shaco, Shen (If he's not banned -_-\"), Attack Speed Diana, and my personal favorite Sunfire Katarina.   This ensures that when your team derps and chases like idiots you can still pressure an objective alone. and get something out of it.   Taking TP and pushing a side lane while your team is getting sieged on mid will often times net you a turret and let you B before the enemies even realizes what just happened.
0	To anyone who doubts sexism is alive and well in modern Asian-American families, my Chinese name translates along the line of "no more females" and my (now dead) grandparents have consistently said disparaging remarks about my gender and how my ass is going to be kicked to the curb because I am a useless female.   My parents frankly admitted that the reason why they have so many children is so they can get that "golden boy" (I am the 3rd girl in a row.)  They didn't even put much thought to my American name and literally named me after one of the nurses at the hospital because of how underwhelming my existence was to them. I was given a lot of shit by my father for being "so outspoken" for a female (I merely defended myself. ) Not to mention the blatantly sexist remarks my father has about how I'm not feminine enough or my weight (I've just generally bigger than "normal" asians since puberty. My SO draws a London Keyes comparison. )  If you need any premise to what I felt or experienced, you should watch Last Train Home on Netflix on the Chinese worker migration because it is the most accurate depiction of my relationship to my father (except my father is not meek and is quite emotional, probably bipolar. )   Don't get me wrong, the sexism was not even remotely the worst of it, but it didn't help to say the least. My siblings all have their issues to contend with, I actually became the most successful in terms of performance and intellect but I carry my burdens. My father likes to credit himself with raising me to be independent and smart by ignoring me, but last time I checked it was called "neglect". I sometimes wonder if I'm so hurt and sensitive about this shit because I'm surrounded by spoiled white children and I envy them.
1	meinlfan, i think you didnt get the point clarke was aiming at.   I started around a year ago playing league and it was my first moba.  after reaching level 30 i had no itentions playing ranked, despite the fact in normals, random players in my team called my "fucking unranked noob", when i did mistakes (guess thats how the community works).   I'm a really competitive player and i hate loosing, if I compete i want to win and i get really angry if i lose :D so ranked somehow stressed me in S3 and i played like 6 games in my provisionals and then stopped. Thats the reason why im unranked S3.   We continued playing normals with a few friends and i started playing different roles and different chmpions and i found a few that i really liked. I started watching LCS and became interested in the Game/Champ mechanics and my interest in the game really grew a half year ago.   I watched a lot videos/streams from voyboy, Bjergsen, Wingsofdeath, Nightblue, OddOne to learn those mechanics and the essential Game knowledge i didnt have at this point. And it really helped me a lot. I started playing with smartcast, had knowledge about buff and camp spawns, vision, creep waves, efficent farming under tower and so on.   In short my Gameplay improved A LOT!   With the Beginning of S4 i felt like i want to know where my place in league is and (i had around 1000 normals at that point with 530/470 or something) started my provisional matches and ended it with 5/5 in Silver 5. Playing ranked at that point really stressed my and i felt bad when i lost a game. I was under pressure   I dropped to Bronze 1 a month later because of inactivity, i played a lot of normal games that time and had no intention to play ranked because it really stressed me.   Two month ago i started Duo-Qing (1400 normals at that time - 700/670 or something). I felt my knowledge was very high, i had improved on every lane even further, so i went into those games without calling a specific role:  " hi team :) can fill :) "   i worked really well and guess what? here is what sepereates me from meinlfan, it was a walkthrough to platinum 5!   i skipped a few division, gained +25 LP on a win and lost -5-10 LP on a loss and won every promotion straight to platinum 5. After around 100 ranked games i reached Platinum, it felt so great.  And here is Clarkes point! i have improved in normals to a point were i felt good enough to reach a high elo in ranked. Those high number of normals gave me knowledge/confidence/mechanics and even took the fear of playing ranked.   Its two different ways to improve in ranked and reach Silver 1 after more than 200 games (as an example) or improve in normals to a certain point and reach  platinum 5 after 100 games (as an example) Its up to you which way you choose, you invest your time in both ways!   Edit1:
1	It could also be that, generally speaking,  the little shits that play in America (The XBOX Live CoD, ages 13-21 Crowd), have absolutely no sense of self responsibility and self criticism and those players are the vast majority of league of legends players.  None of this Hyperactive-ADD-Monster-Fueled game style exists in Korea.   The American teenagers are used to a mostly anonymous and cycling matchmaking system where, honestly, it "doesn't matter" if you respect your team mates or not, because the Call of Duty Arcade-Style Shooter has that type of style where in public matches of CoD individual performances of the players culminate in the victory or defeat of the team.  There is no real co-operation and team work in team deathmatch and conquest.   That attitude fostered by the Arcade Shooter style has carried over to LoL and other games that they play and they get butt blasted.   They do not have respect for their team mates as fellow players and people and believe that they exist solely for the gain of the individual player.   Then, because they are so poorly socialized and 1) do not know how to handle themselves in a multiplayer game, 2) do not know how to communicate their feelings and 3) can not recognize their own mistakes, they go into the more and more prevalent  "autistic rage."  It is called autistic rage because they are do very little to communicate the issue at hand and only communicate the displeasure as a result of those issues.
1	I'm not sure you know how twitch/Youtube/(most likely) Azubu work. My friends run a really small youtube channel that puts out league PBE videos, and they have 925 subscribers, but were able to get ad revenue as early as like 100 subscribers. Even my small-ass youtube channel that has probably 10 subscribers qualifies for monetization, so in theory, if I released an extremely viral video today that got monetized, I could get tons of ad revenue from being extremely unknown. The same applies to any streamer, with a little more need for concurrent viewer numbers. Riot averages ~100,000 viewers on just the NA stream (at least when I check the numbers), so they more than qualify for partnership/ad revenue/etx from at the very least twitch and youtube. I know very little of azubu cause I never use it and it's relatively new, but it seems like they would have the same protocols. Also, in terms of internet media ads, the ads, if they're not directly catered to the user from their cookies, are completely random for each person. Two people can be watching the same stream and get 2 completely different ads. Same on youtube, etc. This means there's no time slots for ads like TV, and that the advertisers don't have to schedule ahead and get specific time slots.
1	I don't think this is something that even needs a debate... Sure rng sucks, and sometimes someone gets bent over by it, but it's just that, pure luck. The fact that TSM and Turtle set up a fight where it was such a close match-up shows me they deserve to win. Even though a minion may or may not have saved their lives, TSM had to have a ward there, Turtle Buster Shot Sneaky away, taking out the other major damage threat, yet another move that might have swayed the fight to go in C9's favor.
1	I also get major anxiety playing normals (I just play bot games and ARAM's since it's less stressful.) But playing with a friend in normals or ranked is always the best thing. You know you are doing your best and your friend knows that so it is alright if either one of you do poorly.
1	I'm a mod on the solomid forums, and I was working on filtering questions on the oddone AMA thread, not the TSM Q&A. However, you have no idea how many times questions were asked/repeated.   The thread to public members looks to be 22 pages (220 posts, many with mutliple questions) but when you factor in the hidden ones it is 37 pages long. That's 150 posts of repeated questions/spam.
0	Ok I'm  reeeeaaallly  scared to post this as I selfishly don't want to create a run on the product - but I finally found THE GREATEST AND MOST EFFECTIVE deodorant ever created. And it's so natural you could eat it.   I recently reviewed it on Amazon. It's called  Funk Butter   *Long review folks - but worth your time to read and get the most out of this INCREDIBLE product.   I'm a food and health coach among other things, and am always looking for great products for myself, and my clients. Personally, my underarms have been a nuisance my entire life. Before I understood about using natural products - I went as far as using highly toxic prescription deodorants/antiperspirants - and even then the sweat and odor would just burst through. I realized I may as well learn to live with it.   So, I stopped using antiperspirants and just focused on deodorants. Years later I learned about natural deodorants and went down that road. I had been using potassium alum salt crystals and sprays thinking they were the most natural. They seemed to work at least as well as all other natural deodorants I had tried - which was painfully average at best.  I always had a slight odor and by end of day my shirts always smelled. Sucked - but just wasn't going to use chemicals.   Then despite the potassium alum crystal companies claiming the aluminum molecules are "too big" to enter the bloodstream through the pores - something in me just didn't believe it. So I went on the hunt again. Tried many many new ones and they were all terrible - never lasting more than a few hours, leaving waxy residues on my clothes, and leaving me with my hands in the air.   Then - it all changed. Enter FUNK BUTTER.  At first, it's strange. And it asks you apply it with your fingers instead of an easy spray or deodorant stick. Since I'm always thinking 'would my friends and clients like this?,' I figured this step would be too much for most folks and was skeptical at best. Me? I'm always down to try new things - so I gave it a shot, as did my roommate and fellow food coaching partner in the business.   It sort of has the texture of a dry-ish paste. You use just a half a pea's worth of product - scoop out with your fingertips and spread evenly under your arm. It has mildly abrasive ingredients like baking soda - and I had read some folks experienced mild irritation - so I spread on lightly and with caution - as did my biz partner.   During that day, we marveled how neither of us smelled at all. We are so used to normal deodorants (natural or chemical) wearing off after a few hours - and it dawned on us that we could smell nary a scent (we both started off using the unscented Funk Butter - but have since used both the black cedar fig and coco-mango ones as well and all are equally excellent). Hours and hours more went by - and we not only kept smelling our own underarms - we kept making each other smell the other's pits to see if we were crazy - or if there actually was NO SMELL at all! And there wasn't!! We're very active folks - and after a 14 hour work day - plus another 6 hours up - our underarms had absolutely NO ODOR at all. I have NEVER experienced that in my life with ANY product natural or chemical.   The next two days same thing. We were ready to call all of our clients and friends and let them know about this fantastic product! But then - we both got rashes under our arms. (Keep reading folks this problem is eventually solved big time!) And since the product is mildly abrasive - rubbing more on only irritated it worse. We were SO BUMMED.  We both were so amazed at how well it worked we were willing to keep using it and powering through the rash - but we figured we'd now not be able to recommend to anyone else. We'll personally take a rash to not smell all day - and we are hell-bent on using 100% natural products - but we knew most would never go for that.   We read some reviews where folks recommended using a mild coat of coconut oil under the arms before using Funk Butter to help ease irritation - and this worked! But only temporarily and we noticed the rash would come and go - and if you were ever in a hurry and didn't use the coconut oil - back came the rash.   We were so impressed with this product, we were willing to do anything to try and solve this problem. And then, we figured it out! By simply adding a few drops of water from your sink to the paste  on your fingertips and rubbing it together to make the paste very thin and watery (but not dripping), it not only spreads on soooo much better and easier - it completely eliminates all irritation!!! We were concerned perhaps this would lessen the effectiveness of the product but not at all! Still lasts all day and night. Seriously! ALL DAY AND NIGHT.   Now, back to my sweating issue. As I said, not even the strongest prescription deodorants could help me. I once filmed a game show and in the middle of taping they had to stop shooting, and asked two assistants to take a blow dryer to my armpits in front of a live studio audience of 300 people. Oh yeah - that happened.   Because Funk Butter has ingredients that absorb and seemingly wick moisture - my sweating has been reduced by at least 50-75%!!! Whaaaat? They don't even advertise it as an antiperspirant!  I can't say it stops it 100%, but honestly has there ever been a deodorant or antiperspirant that does? They may advertise as such - but we all know it's BS. And many times, I've seen Funk Butter stop my sweating altogether. I think the more I use it the better it works.   And even on days where I'm exercising or sweating buckets - after I have completely drenched a shirt - there is still NO SMELL AT ALL!!! It's an absolute miracle I simply can't believe it.   Also leaves NO STAINS on my clothes -- which has always been an issue with all other deodorants.   For days my biz partner and I would ask folks to smell our pits (weird I know - but this is what we go through before ever recommending a product to a friend or client) - and every time the answer was a resounding NO.   We've now been using for months, and have been recommending Funk Butter to everyone. Here's what an ex-girlfriend I recommended it to just texted me: "I just got that Funk Butter! S*** that stuff is aaahhhhmmmaaaazzzziiiinnngggg!!!" (I copied that text letter for letter by the way :-)   And seriously folks? It is just that. Amazing. Quite simply the best and most effective deodorant I've ever used in my entire life, natural or chemical. And everyone we recommend it to says the same thing.   But they all have a good experience because we warn them to use as we directed them - mixing the half-pea sized amount for each pit with a few drops of water to turn into a watery thin paste (keep rubbing around your fingertips until there are no clumps) and then spread evenly under your arms.   To the amazing owners and creators of this game-changing product - pleeease put this in your instructions...I promise you it will take your product to the next level. It eliminates the rash issue, and spreads on and works so much better. And it's easier than rubbing coconut oil on first.   I just spent an hour of my morning to write this review because the creators deserve it, and you folks reading at home deserve to have quite simply the best deodorant I and all I recommend it to have ever used in our collective lives. Thank you so much to the creators for this life changing product. Try it folks - you won't be sorry I can promise you that.*
0	I can imagine that being the case. I feel like a lot of why my ex was unhappy in the end was simply because of something a lot like that. I've been hearing from my friends since we broke up and they really do think I treated her way better than she deserved and she treated me way worse than I deserved. Yet, it was her, not me, that was unhappy and refused to work it out. Whenever I found something I didn't like, I tried to talk about it. Which rarely did anything other than have her throw my old mistakes back into my face as if they were still applicable.   I have this tendency to totally forgive and entirely forget bad things and flaws that people have. I just ignored most of her issues cause there was so much more to her than that and I thought I knew her better. She was the opposite. She tended to ignore people's merits and the good things they did for her because they did something wrong once. She now looks at me like I'm some horrible person because I think that's all she remembers about me. She's been surprised by my kindness several times, even though she lived with it for years and just forgot. I actually reread through an old journal of mine and realized just how often she used to treat me like total shit. I don't even remember most of it.   I have years of stories of sacrificing to make her life better and to advance her schooling and career at the detriment of my own. I had always assumed when she got out of school and into a career that she would help me focus on my schooling so I could eventually get into a career. When it came time for her to sacrifice a little for me, the relationship ended. One of the reasons she gave when she ended it: We're on different life paths now; You're still in school and I'm in my career*.   *She would likely failed school without my intervention (and writing a lot of her A papers) or, at a minimum, not gotten above a C average. Additionally, if it wasn't for nepatism she wouldn't have the career she looked down on me for not having as she wouldn't have even been considered for it otherwise. She does fantastic at her job, I'm not saying that she doesn't, but she clearly didn't qualify. I also know she was turned down from every place she applied to within her chosen field.
0	Ohh I have a clue, I had such a raging clue I almost spurted clue goo. Any who, you need to lighten up. Hello, this is the internet, bro. Can't let meaningless shit like this get you so worked up.
1	just look at the minimap whenever you aren't doing something else. there's not ALWAYS a last hit. There's not ALWAYS a harass opportunity. It's in these brief moments that you glance at the minimap.   Also, when you look at the minimap, don't just look at your ward to make sure nobody is there, glance with objective. Are all of the lanes accounted for? Are one of the lanes positioned to head your way? Is your support using CV? If so, what buffs/camps have been cleared by the enemy jungler? What you're trying to accomplish is to predict when they might head toward your ward before they even come within vision range of the ward.   Map awareness is improved by playing at least 10-20 games of all positions and roles. When you understand the role you can understand what they'll be thinking. Their mid was full hp/mana and just pushed to tower when you're overextended bot? They're probably coming to gank or steal your buff.
1	Limiting amount of wards each player can buy per -let's say- 5 minutes could solve the problem, you are thinking in the right direction.   The present reality is that supports have a sightstone, mobility boots and another item, usually philo stone or a kindlegem or lategame even an aegis, and run around with 10 wards in the bag and throe them around to prevent your entire team to get picked of or allowing your team to freely farm, do objectives and pressure the enemy.   Sad truth: 10 wards mid to late game are more worth than a full item support. If i could choose between 3 wards in our red jungle + 3 wards in our blue jungle or a deathcap for the support, i'd choose the 6 wards.   In competetive we see supports with no items at 45 minutes. Because stats on supports don't win games, vision on important map parts wins games. Catching an enemy who wanted to do golems late game and killing him was probably more worth than the support having 1 or 2 more complete tier 2 items because of the snowballing effect of this particular kill.   You could say wards are OP. You buy tons and tons of them because if the game isn't a stomp, the team with more vision usually wins. This team will pressure all lanes without getting catched, will initiate you and punish every move.   As far as my experience goes, even gold 2 supports haven't realized it and build AP whenever they have spare money and just use their sightstone for warding and one pink ward from time to time.   Wow, i didn't want to write so much but once i started...
0	I'm a server at an all you can eat buffet, our jobs are to take away plates that customers are finished with, and refill their drinks. As well as keeping the food bars wiped down and swept, making sure certain items on the bar are stocked, "Helping out wherever help is needed", and stocking up the plates, silverware, and cups. It's alot of work for only 2.83 an hour. Especially since ham planets go there and generate a stack of plates every 5 minutes, sit for 30 minutes to an hour, and leave 2 bucks.   Last night I have a party of 36 take up all of my section, and half of another servers section for 1 hour, not to mention the two hours we had to reserve it, so 3 hours total, for my whole section, we split the tip, leaving me with 3 dollars for 3 hours of work. It's bullshit at times. If we don't make enough, we're supposed to get 7.25 an hour. Serving isn't a minimum wage job, mainly because it is so labor-intensive. There's times I've pulled muscles carrying a tray full of half-eaten plates of food and drinks.   When you go to a restaurant, you're paying for the food when you get the bill. Gratuity or "tips" are for the server. They serve you, so why not be paid by you? TIPS means "to insure prompt service", so honestly you should pay your server before your meal starts, that way they'll know they've made money on that table, and they'll be much happier to serve you. Unless you're a scumbag, then wait til the end.
0	I'm engaged to a Japanese man.  Not just a Japanese man, a  really  Japanese man.  A true whale-eating nationalist.  He's lovely tho, and his extreme views are often a laughing point between us.  One thing that's absolutely no joke though, is  Disneyland .  Did you ever read/hear about that article about that woman who divorced her husband because he didn't enjoy the movie  Frozen ? While that may sound ridiculous, that is a pretty good example for how obsessed the Japanese are about Disney.  My fiance is 30 years old and he would much rather stand in a line for 2 hours to take a picture with Micky Mouse than actually ride an attraction.  It blows my mind that you even need to wait that long to meet a Disney character in the first place...  I always envisioned them as moving ornaments.  I digress.  During our second trip to Disney as a couple we had spent so much time debating what we wanted to do and walking around we  both  missed out. I wanted to ride Tower of Terror and he was hellbent on seeing the lights show / fireworks / parade.  He was so pissed.  The level of pissed where you don't even look at each other.  After a long, awkward moment of not speaking he turns and says,  "Well, I guess all that's left now is to do some shopping."  I hate shopping. loathe it.  We get to the store and it's just as I suspected. 10,000 Japanese people crammed into a tiny store fighting over $15 spatulas you could get at the dollar store with nothing more than a sticker of Mickey on it.  $35 for 5 individually wrapped Micky-shaped cookies.  As a Canadian from the East Coast there were more people in that tiny little store than lived in my town and the next 5 over combined. Within 20 seconds of being in the store I started having an anxiety attack and simply told my fiance I was going to get some coffee.  He gave me the death glare.  Whatever, fuck him. At this point I didn't even care.  I hate shopping.  I sip on my coffee and see him trudge over after an hour with a bunch of bags.  "We're  leaving " he snarls at me.  As we're walking he gestures for me to wait. Asks a random passer-byer to take our photo.  Biggest beaming smile you've ever seen on him. Pulls me in close.  I decide to smile as well.  As soon as she gives the camera back to him he looks at me and says (in English - and at the time, his wasn't too good so imagine the accent and pure contempt)   "You ruined... everything.  and then he slowly walks away.  We didn't speak a word to each other for the rest of the day/night.  Funny to look back on now but at the time it was kind of the meanest thing anyone had ever said to me.
0	OP's question is valid. Because if your statement is true, then why not just buy yourself gold? Then you'd be supporting reddit AND you get to enjoy extra things on here.
0	go to a gym , 5'6 140, play soccer, barely overweight( some ab fat). Goal is 130 lbs, + muscle because I have a personal trainer with a scheduled work out scheme. He only called me fat because It's the only thing I have ever been sensitive about, aside from the fact I have almost invisible eyebrows.
0	I dealt with a similar situation once. Friend of a friend at a party (whom I kinda hated already before this) got kinda drunk and started talking shit and said he was going to show me his dick. I told him if he did I would punch him in it as hard as I could. You can probably guess what happened next.
1	Played my first game since the honor system kicked in. I was unaware. Something was terribly wrong with the balance.. no one said one single mean thing to someone else.. and at the end.. the opponents actually said.. gg wp. I was horrified, frightened I had been sucked into another realm.. but then I read this thread.
1	Considering all of those games are F2P, and WoW isn't F2P it doesn't really have to do with reading comprehension   WoW has no F2P component, they have a trial, if it said micro transactions instead it would make sense
0	I understand babies, but I think there are some exceptions to toddlers. It depends how you raised them. My youngest sister watched horror movies from the time she was two. She never made a scene in movie theaters or misbehaved.   We always explained how they created the scenes before and she knew they were fake. By the time she was four and five, she could watch horror movies with no problem and she was a huge fan.   Compared to my other cousins, she never had nightmares. When our entire family rented a movie to watch on a weekend, she was the only young one to watch it.   She grew up watching all the Resident Evil movies and her favorite was Silent Hill (she loved the little girl apparently), which she watched constantly. The only thing we watched out for were sexual scenes.
1	But I don't think this is a good tool ONLY for new people. I think average+ players could use this to practice? Why should we limit training tools to just new people. I would LOVE this. But beginner bots are too easy. And if we go with being able to turn it on and off, then why not just have it on all skill levels?
1	The biggest difference between the two is mana. I played all types of Naut, AP Mid/Top, Jungle, Support, and his balancing factor is mana and being easily invaded on. Sion's E was a flat mana cost (now scaling), longer range, and faster moving. It was strong because it widdled down your opponent to the point where you could fight them and win, even though your dueling capabilities are pretty bad. Nautilus is an all-in type of laner and is really only built for that. His lack of sustain makes him significantly worse than Maokai against tops like Liss or Kennen.   Outside of laning, Nautilus' initiate is much more obvious than Sion's, meaning the enemy team can turtle and waveclear if your team's siege is bad. Nautilus does have more pressure on dragon and baron because they force the enemy team to come to you, instead of you getting to them. Other than initiating, Nautilus is a much stickier tank than Sion because he just has so much CC.
0	This is just a more complicated version of an earlier post
0	as much as I like the sentiment and as much as I like any Good Gay memes, that guy is ugly.   There was also this meme (in gaymers or gaybros...) that was something like "good guy gay" and had this really hot shirtless guy in front of an american flag and it was "holds the door for you. fucks you."   different idea for the meme but he was hot. And there's already some with the real Greg.
1	What I described was a generic situation where something similar will occur probably one out of 5 games at least, one out of 3 on a bad day (and not every lane has to be feeding for that to happen either, it can easily happen even if a lane won, and sometimes even if 2 lanes won).  What you described was a random thing that happened to you one time.  I'm not going to argue with you when you can't even follow a conversation.
0	When you're young, people always say things like "you can pick your friends, but not your family." The older I get the more I realize that's bullshit. I had an Aunt that got my mom to change the beneficiaries on her life insurance when my mom was dying in the hospital from scleroderma. My mom was on all sorts of meds and didn't really know what she was doing, and my aunt somehow convinced her that my 30 year old sister and myself (28) were not responsible enough and that she would distribute the money to us. My sister has two degrees and I've been working my ass off since high school and run my own flooring company, so that was bullshit. Anyway, as soon as my mom die.d and my aunt got the money she cut off all contact with us and we haven't seen a dime of it two years later.
0	My sisters and I went out for a late supper one night. We had a really great waitress who gave us lots of attention. Just as we finished she came by and cleared our plates. Here's where it gets weird: she then proceeded to place the entire stack of dishes in the plants beside our table, as she was asking us if we wanted any dessert. We haltingly said "no...thanks" wondering what the hell she was doing. Turns out she was just getting off shift. Our new waitress came to take the plates, noticed them sitting in plants, and gave us the dirtiest look as she dug them out of the mud. We tipped generously having enjoyed our table-side dinner show :)
0	I manage an online store in Canada and it annoys the shit out of us when customers email us stating they have a promo code but it won't work. They check sites retailmenot, bargain hunter, redflag deals etc. Not only are all codes we find listed inactive but they are always widely misleading. Something like SAVE10 people wonder why they aren't getting 40% off their purchases.
1	If I couldn't get beer 1 EUR a can, I'd still drink, but it would be things like 2 EUR beer cans.   Lets say, without 1 EUR beer, I bought 1000 cans of 2 EUR beer a year over the course of 3 years.   1000 cans a year @ 2 EUR each over 3 years = 6000 EUR!!!   1000 cans isn't even a lot in one year, some people probably double that.   Personally, I'm glad 1 EUR beer cans have saved me so much beer money!   Thank you God for cheap beer!!
1	I agree with you for the most part of the silly factor of the post.  They can be fun but it can get out of hand and for the most part and I understand some people don't want to see that sort of drivel when they visit /r/lol.   However reddit is a community driven website so if the community upvotes those and decides that a subreddit should be filled with those type of posts then the only one that can stop them is the moderator. To be honest with you any sort of general discussion forum is going to degrade into these types of behavior unless they are actively moderated to be on target.   As far as your anger though, I am still not sure that it is warranted. I see no problem with suggesting a better subreddit for this person to post their question in, especially in your case where you are disgusted with them posting in the wrong subreddit. You see every post has a home but the user might just have the wrong one. At the end of the day silly posts to /r/lol contribute to the community just as much as your reply of "ugh, r/lol is becoming lol general discussions". You are basically committing the same error you are calling the OP out on. I hope you are able to see that through your disgust.   All that aside I personally do not like all the pro-scene posts  that occur in /r/lol. However, I do not flame about it. I subscribe to other subreddits concerning lol ( a good starting point is the sidebar which list several good focused subreddits). If I do not feel like a post contributes to what I feel /r/lol should be I downvote it and move on. I would suggest you do the same as your anger is not healthy for you well being.   If we moved all posts from general discussion into specific subreddits the only posts that woudl be left are posts pointing to users to other subreddits.
0	I disagree.  In fact, I would counter that you should not even be "dating" someone if you haven't already contemplated the possibility of a future with them.  If you just want to hang out with someone and possibly have sex, then be honest with each other from the start.  Going into a dating situation with false intentions is a recipe for disaster that will waste time for both parties involved,  and quite possibly hurt one.
1	The carry is Diamond and Cabocard. If Diamond goes off, Betsy is usually right there getting picks/kills and snowballing. Likewise with Cabochard and Diamond.   Betsy has put the team on his back a few times to carry the game after Diamond carries early. I don't think this hate is necessarily all that fair, esp if you're judging him based on a TF performance. Even his TF picks, while a suboptimal STRATEGIC pick, he performed as well as you can expect from that sort of decision making.   I agree with Pinoy. He absolutely ends up in terrible positions 90% of the time this tournament and generally. His personality is great, but I think that even he realized (esp if you look at the players at the end) that he held the team back.
0	One time I went to meet an internet date at a Mexican Cantina in Napa, CA. The original date flaked so I was stood up and now alone at an unknown bar. I seen this cougar in the back playing pool and was like fuck it, I'll chat her up. She was a tall blonde Amazon. So I make small talk and have a margarita with her. We get chips and salsa. We go play another game of pool. This time she is grinding dat ass on me as we play. I was a closer at the time, so I say let's go back to your place. She says cool. We grab some beer on the way to her place and some condoms. We get to her place. Tiny condo. See pictures of her with two black kids. 4 of them. They're all hers. Start smoking weed on couch. She starts blowing me. I stick my hand down her pants on her ass. Start fingering pussy. She says let's go upstairs. Go up to her room. We both strip. Get in bed. I start going down on her. Then slide a finger in and massage her g-spot a bit. Then two. Then three. Then WTF 4? Then I cross the Rubicon and tuck my thumb into that shit. 5 bro, 5 is now a fist! No shit gentle reader, I was in 6" past my wrist when she came. It was like an out-of balance washing machine.
1	I think she's got a really fun playstyle, probably one of my favorites. I actually like to get a Youmuu's Ghostblade really early, as I found myself unable to chose between BC and Mallet, for the penetration or sticking-power. I decided to go early Youmuu's and it has actually been working pretty well. It also gives her attack speed, which goes VERY well with her early IMO. I feel like if you can stick to your lanemate, then you can really dish out some serious damage early on.   I don't really like Frostborn Gauntlet, as I feel like she doesn't do much with the AP, and Frozen Mallet is a much better choice. I also haven't tried Triforce (because I always build FM), but that's mainly just because I'm really unlucky with the procs.   I feel the key is harassing early with Excessive Force, but next time I'm going to try maxing W first to see how that goes.   I don't actually get BT on her; I never really have room for it. I normally go Youmuu's, BC, GA or Warmogs, maybe LW. If I don't get Ninja Tabi, I like to get Zephyr for the tenacity, and the other stats go really well on her too. I like Bulwark for the tankiness, especially since I can afford it much sooner than the support. Haven't tried it but I think Randuin's would be sick, since she has to dive in the middle of the enemy team.   I feel like vs Cho-Style champs, you have to go for a kill pre-6 to establish a lead, and make sure not to fall behind in CS. I don't go sustain to beat them; I either go Doran's or Brutalizer to smash early.   I also want another skin for her, cause I don't like the Neon one.
1	Cresent slash is physical damage, you need to check your armour.   The death log is generally a pain - and since I  play  akali rather than play against her it is hard to tell. It might include the Q proc as cresent slash, but I am not sure - since the proc does magic damage and cresent slash does physical, unless the spell says 'mixed', I doubt it is merged. At level 13, she should have it at rank 5 if that helps your maths.
0	Hmm, I don't see these nasty comments burried in here, but I'm seeing some genuine comments rolled into here, like this one which kind of speaks a little to the male condition:   >I'm a stripper. More often than I'd care to think about, guys think it's a great idea to simply whip it out during private lap dances, and it often takes quite a bit of reasoning, bargaining, and even begging to get them to cover up without my having to involve security. As you can imagine, I've seen many penises, and I'm often given ample time to study their appearances. The two biggest lessons I've learned from this phenomenon are the following: a) beautiful (and ugly) cocks come (no pun intended) in many shapes, lengths, widths, and colors, and b) so do douchebags. But I digress. Here's the story of the smallest dick I've ever seen:   >A young man asked me for a dance. He paid in advance, and I had him sit in a small, private booth. Soon after I began dancing with my back to him, I turned around to find that he had "whipped it out" and had started masturbating. Despite this having happened many times, the sight of his penis caused me to do a bit of a (regrettable) double-take. Fully erect, it was similar in both length and girth to the upper 2 sections of my pinky finger, i.e. from the 2nd knuckle to the tip. It had average length/width and shaft/head proportions. It was uniform in color, slightly vascular, and all-in-all a good-looking cock despite the startlingly small size. I could see from his terrified facial expression that he regretted his decision to pull it out. His face turned bright red, and had shame and embarrassment written all over it. I didn't have the heart to tell him to put it away. For the 1st and only time in my career as a stripper, I let a customer keep his cock unleashed and even jerk himself off while I danced for him. I instructed him to use a condom (which he had with him, in his pocket) to catch his cum and prevent a mess, but the condom was so large in comparison to his dick that he couldn't even unroll it. Realizing that he was reverting to his earlier embarrassment, and that the condom wouldn't have caught his cum anyway, I grabbed a roll of paper towels for him, and simply made sure i stayed far enough away from him that he couldn't have come on me. After he finished, he thanked me so profusely that he actually started crying. Later, after he had had a chance to wash his hands and clean himself up a bit, he approached me in the bar. I was feeling a little funny about having allowed a man to jerk off in front of me, but what happened next changed that. He gave me a huge hug, and thanked me again. He complimented not my appearance or sex appeal, but my "heart." He reached in his pocket, gave me an absurdly large cash tip, and insisted that I keep it, saying "What you've done for me is worth far more than this."   >This experience made me realize that the intense societal pressure to look good is not limited to women. Clearly, this man had withstood a tremendous amount of emotional damage related to his small dick. I'll never know if his pain was the result of locker-room taunts, a cruel ex-girlfriend, tasteless jokes in popular media such as movies, or any of countless other sources. What I do know is that his pain was real, that the size of his penis was by no means either his fault or something he could control, and that this type of societal pressure as it relates to men is often overlooked.   >
1	My problem with building a new passive on Taric is that he's already quite strong.  He was originally designed as a fighter type instead of a support, and while the ult didn't carry over from that idea, the passive did.  It doesn't function in his primary role as a support, but any realistic change to his passive would be a buff, since it's really almost never relevant.  Sans hybrid/bruiser/jungler/non-support items, he doesn't attack fast enough to get regularly relevant cdr on his heal (yes, people get clutch heals sometimes, we're talking consistent help), and the mana he gets back from the hits are kinda pathetic.  The mana regen is even smaller than Kassadin's passive on his dinky little sword buff, and Taric's heal is pretty mana inefficient, considering the more popular healers like Soraka or support Kayle.  Most Taric players smack people for the damage and pretty much get mana only from towers or dragon, because pushing is not worth it and champions are better killed than leeched for mana.
1	Maxing Q gives 60 dmg/lvl, E gives around... 40 dmg/lvl   E can't be determined with dmg/lvl, because you never know how many spears you will hit before activating.
1	I just want to say that: I just made a new smurf account so that I could get a new account to try ranked with, without tainting my main.   When I chose the initial skill level, I selected the easiest one because I figured that would match me against the most people.   What I have found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) are all smurfing. People are building double GP10, warding, using shurelya's, randuins and aegis.   I must say that there are a few people that have been absofuckinglutely retarded, but most people that  aren't  smurfing seem to be picking up the game a  lot  faster than I did because of people being helpful for honor points.   That being said, if you're a new player and your teammate explains last-hitting, build advice, and the point that boots are a must-have item, and you do not listen, you are going to be in for a rough time.
1	I would say if you're referring to English grammar for that sentence, you only had one mistake, and you dont need that extra comma. Ideally, just because you asked, the perfect ecriture would be this:   "I was thinking of using it too, after reading (here) that many ppl like it."   (In addition, the word because shouldnt really start a sentence, but thats only when writing sentences, and not necessary for internet. The word here also need not apply unless you really need to cite a reference. Otherwise, your English writing and grammar is really good, keep it up!)
1	As a guy who has BPD and plays this game since it went out of beta, I can completely understand your anger about this.   I don't mind people being cocky or mad cause something doesnt suit them. I mean, everyone wants to show others that he is 'better' or simply gets mad at someone. It's natural.   The thing that I mind, and I can completely confirm what you said, is that whole Isdue with people telling others to do such things like commiting suicide. That People simply dont think about someone else's mentality, or even a mental disease. PEOPLE FOLLOWED THOSE CALLS ALREADY.   To the people who said that already, think about what you're saying. Be mad. Be cocky. Nobody minds that. But please dont send people into.. well. Maybe their death.
1	Because you need our opinion, here's mine : I think intro / outro are way too long. 1sec time where each sponsor is shown is enough. i.e. 1s Gambit logo, 1s BenQ, 1s Pringles, then the action.  Finally, I think the disclaimer ( X v Y team after the sponsors ) is too large. A banner with less height is enough imo.
0	Some advice for anyone high school, take AP Psych.The class is actually a lot of fun and the test isn't to hard to get a 4 or 5. I studied for half an hour and guess what? It's a class or two that I placed out of for college. Seriously I signed up for it as a joke and it ended up saving me hundreds of dollars.
0	This has only happened to me twice, both times I was highly skeptical, and spent awhile looking for serious issues. If the program doesn't fail to compile the first few times and then have multiple semantic errors while testing it, I assume I'm dreaming or hallucinating.   That being said, I miss the days of 300-line programs. I'm currently working on a game that has around 50,000 lines of code, and it's still in the prototype phase. I'm guessing it'll end up with around 100,000 lines by the time it's done. And that's just game code specifically, the engine it's running on is another 100,000 lines.
0	We were using SLIP connections for email at work around 1987. My first home modem was a 2400 baud in the late 80s if I recall correctly. I ran qmodem, then later Procomm Plus. In the early 90s, I had an ISDN 2d line (128 kbps!) for work. Shortly after that I got an @Home cable modem that had 384 kbps cable d/l and 56k (ish) dial u/l. Not long after Comcast purchased @Home, they offered bi-directional cable so I upgraded again. At this point I have FiOS 35/35.   I work for a network service provider, was directly involved in deploying our regional dial ISP service back in 1994-95, and still work today growing our service. We made our share of mistakes in the early days, especially when dealing with the exponential growth factors we were experiencing. It's been a wild ride... There was a strong geek factor in our part of the company back then. I recall thinking how cool it was helping to build the Internet, and often wondered what it would turn out to be in 10 or 20 years. I've been a geek since the early 80s, and always thought my children would be as well.   Today, I look at my 14-year-old son and am constantly surprised at how he uses the Internet. To him, it's always been a normal part of his world like electricity. His iPhone is an extension of his left hand. He pops on one of the several wireless laptops or iPads always running in our house whenever he wants to check weather, sports schedules, or his fantasy teams. He has zero geek factor, and that's just the way he likes it. For me, the internet is my life and livelihood. To him, it's nothing special, and he uses it without a second thought while living his life (which, I guess, is how it should be).   Things have certainly changed, and I think for the better. I'm excited to see how the Internet will have transformed our lives in another 10-20 years. If I'm lucky, I'll see how my grandchildren use the technology I helped to build all these years.
0	Wow, that's some serious shit.  Now that you told her, cut her out of your life.  She's too toxic.  If she ever changes, great.  If not, it's on her.  When you see her at family occasions or out somewhere, acknowledge her like you would a distant neighbor.  Keep conversations polite, simple, and superficial.  It sucks being a loved one of an alcoholic, I know from experience.  If it really bothers you, there are Al Anon meetings for family and friends of alcoholics, where you can connect with others in your situation.  It might be a good idea for your parents to go too.  They'll get support and suggestions on how not to enable her and how to not be codependent.  Good luck!
0	Look, guys. Don't blame the sound editors, it's no their fault. A good sound editor will do mixes for surround sound and for stereo (the speakers on your TV). The problem here is that you are not receiving the correct mix. Either the network is only broadcasting the 5.1 or 7.1 mix, or your TV is set to play the surround mix, while only having a left and right speaker.
1	Again this is an issue of sportsmanship and 'best effort'.   I have been part of many online tournaments and I have been on the receiving end of OPs behavior many times. When a team (or player) who perceives he has almost no chance to win a fair match, they will ignore any communication, get on at the very last chance to play and just hope the opponent happen to not the ready right away so that they can push for a forfeit.   Bad admins give them the win, good admins see through this tactic.   OP is trying to do what we in the poker world would call 'angle shooting', while technically following some of the rules, he is breaking the written (and unwritten) rules about good behavior and sportsmanship.
0	Corn has been selectively bred for hundreds of years. This is true and not debatable. Selective breeding has been going on for hundreds of years. However, due to relatively recent scientific discoveries, we can now do things such as splice insects' DNA into produce that makes it resistant to pesticides that are produced by the same company that produces the seeds.   Your argument is similar to "legalize and accept the use of all drugs because look at marijuana - nobody has ever died from it, its natural, and has existed for thousands of years". Well, what about some of the newer drugs that don't occur naturally? Synthetic marijuana, made in laboratories, was designed to mimic the function of marijuana and actually be a better form of it, and does a relatively decent job replicating the experience, except for thousands of people die from it. Not the best example, but I think you can see my point.
0	My sleeping pattern was so screwed up it actually just started fixing itself. Self employed so since I knew I didn't have to be up early, I couldn't force myself to sleep before 2-3am.   It was getting bad enough were I would just go to work at 3am so I won't waste time. Getting older those all nighters get hard and I started crashing at 8pm and normally get up around midnight. And start the binge over   Just in the last few months my "crashing" started moving to 10-11pm and started getting up at 7am. 2 straight weeks up at 7 and no all nighters.
0	It was a long time ago, just shedding some light that it happens to us boys as well, but you'll probably never hear it.   My friend in high school was about 15 and he was raped by older sisters boyfriend. They caught him and took him to jail and everything, but imagine how many don't know his story that know him?
1	Phoenix stance udyr is one of the top wave clear champions and is now extremly strong from feral, and if you can be sparing with mana you can dominate the jungle. Plus the burst damage out damages q stance in a gank scenario 9 out of 10 times.
0	There is truth in this. Absolutely. Buddhists, on the pathway of finding enlightenment, live their lives in search of this. The goal of having as little impact on the world as possible.   I don't know the guy or much about him so maybe I overstepped by assuming what he thought or was trying to prod in our minds but even Hitler had some beautiful thoughts. Sometimes words are more powerful than those speaking them regardless of their intent.   I'm still discovering my opinions and views towards these things. I think that even if, on the grand scale, nothing you did mattered to the world as a whole or "fate's" predestined path, there's still your life. Your measure of happiness, your values or ideas or emotions, your actions or whatever - they have an impact. A gargantuan impact. On yourself. In a sense, and
0	Being tall and considerate with terrible eye sight makes this an awkward situation...I'd be fine with sitting in the back, but I can't see. Generally I'll ask the person behind me every few minutes if they can see, but then I just feel like I'm pestering them and it'd be better if I just kept my mouth shut.
1	This is the first I've heard of these "high-demand" game modes like no-CD (Katarina/Garen 100% break the game, how fun) and 20k gold at start (5-AD teams don't sound all that interesting to me, though)... I think your definition of "plenty of demand" is skewed. A Reddit post with 100 upvotes means that 100 people thought it was an interesting idea. Same with forum threads. And it's EXACTLY THE POINT that they don't do this kind of thing due to low demand. It doesn't matter if you personally are frustrated, because Riot doesn't exist just to cater to you. I'm sure I could find 1000000000000000 people who are frustrated with a lack of the specific things they think LoL should include, but those people all have different demands, and no single demand would make enough of them happy to justify doing it.
0	A meme is like an inside joke on the Internet. Just like many of you have inside jokes with your friends (ie: Jimmy hit on a fat chick when he was drunk one day, Jimmy is now known as Whale-Fucker), we as a community have inside jokes which are memes.   For example : "What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo."   That entire paragraph is a meme. It's an inside joke that we have, that summerfags don't get, because they aren't in on the joke, or the MEME.   Another example of a meme is this picture :   The "Potato Girl" can be considered a meme, even though her face is part of an image macro. It's the joke behind the image macro, which makes her a meme.   Hopefully, this will shed some light on the entire situation. I do not claim to be an expert, but I do know there is a difference between an image macro and a meme. Big difference.
1	Likelihood is you are in (or will end up in once you learn a bit more) the top 99% of players based on your last hitting alone, even though you are slightly exaggerating the numbers. There is a hidden matchmaking rating for normal games and so once you start nearing 30 you should end up with more skilled players if you win a lot more than you lose.   You cannot do ranked until you hit 30. If you are as good as I think you are your ranked games will be against lower skill level players than your normal games initially. This is what happened to me - was getting matched vs 2k+ players (their ranked rating) in normals consistently upon hitting 30. Differently - every ranked game I played I never felt the opponents were that strong.   One thing to note is there is an inflated ELO gain/loss for the first X number of ranked games (not sure on the details exactly) but essentially if you win a lot out of the gate you will rise. Fast. Likewise if you lose a lot early on you'll end up in the depths with all the people who think they deserve a higher rating but actually got carried any time they won a game.
1	It would be a civil case under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA). Prior to 2008 you needed to prove it caused over 5k in damages, now you would just have to prove damages but loss of potential gain is a hard case to make. That said you could probably get something but it would likely not be worth the time and effort.
0	Well, depends on which type we're talking here. I have type 1, which is typically the 'cold sores on the mouth' type and not type 2, which is typically 'on the genitals' type - but both can get on the mouth or genitals, and both are for life. The 25% number you're talking about is for type 2 - the vast majority of people have type 1 (somewhere between 60-80% of the population). I've had type 1 since I was at least 6 years old, but thankfully is just on my mouth.   I absolutely agree that people should tell partners if you have genital herpes, type 1 or 2, so let me preface this with that. It's the responsible and honest thing to do - sex and love should be about everyone's welfare and I would never defend deceiving anyone. Anyone's desire to get laid does not trump anyone else's right to make informed sexual choices.   But there's a very silly stigma around genital herpes and a lot of misinformation that are easily being perpetuated in this thread - it's gross (even though symptoms vary greatly between people - many people don't even get symptoms), you're a slut if you have it (even though two virgins could give it to each other), you're unsafe if you have it (even though it spreads whether or not you use a condom). The stigma itself was created by the pharmaceutical company Burroughs Wellcome (now called GlaxoSmithKline) in the late 70s and early 80s to help market an antiviral medication that wasn't selling very well - herpes wasn't even considered an STD until the public perception was (intentionally) changed.   Also, doctors do not routinely test for types 1 or 2 unless you are displaying symptoms, because it doesn't create any life-threatening situations or isn't seriously debilitating in any way. Many people have it without knowing they do - either because they don't have any symptoms of it or their symptoms are so mild, they didn't think anything of it. Other people have mild cold sores on their mouth without noticing. In the case of OP's "friend" - we can assume that guy is an asshole who isn't being honest with people. In many cases, though, it's just spread without any "guilty" party.
0	Exactly! I acted socially awkward all my life and wanted to change that. Then I learned to not give a fuck and it actually helped. I got plenty of friends, including female ones, when I just stopped caring. I still act pretty awkward, but then I always think to myself: I will probably never meet 99% of these people again for the rest of my life.   For example, when I accidentally hold the door open for someone who is actually way too far away. I realized, I will never meet that person again and he will forget this ever happened in 2 minutes. I proceed to hold the door open for him, smiling my face off. This has actually gained me a couple of smiles from girls.   Or when a waitress tells me to enjoy my meal and I say "you too". I just break out laughing and proceed to not give a damn.
0	It makes sense to have a consideration of what the swastika meant for the Nazis.  However, just because one group made it a symbol of hatred [does not change the meaning of what it represents](
0	The idea that a "man attracted to teenagers" is so so bad is a thing that scared the ever-loving crap out of me as a  young  man.   When you're 22, you're a "man attracted to teenagers."  Not all of them, one would hope.  (13?  Ew.)  But 18 and 19 are certainly still fair game.  Right?  And maybe 17?  That's not that far off.  Even 16 still  looks  attractive when you're only 22.   This scared the crap out of me.  This would come out at times when "scumbag brain" was at work, like when I would be trying to sleep, of course.  The fear was that I was certainly still attracted to a group of women who were becoming increasingly taboo.  Was this going to be something I would have to resist forever? Was I going to have a moment of weakness and end up in some federal pound me in the ass prison?   So in those moments, I gained some understanding of what it must be like for people who are attracted to something/someone they can never have.  It must be utter hell.  "Sword of Damocles" indeed.   Fortunately for me, I have since become decidedly  not  attracted to teenagers in the first place, so my fears were unfounded.  I don't  hate  them, and they're still kinda cute and all.   But then they  talk .   I... I just can't.  Just no.  I need someone my age.  Seriously.   It's all moot, since my wife is my age and incredibly awesome.  But she and I were discussing wills and living trusts and all that "in case something happens" stuff and the inevitable question came up, "Would you find someone else?"  She made jokes about young buxom trophy wives and I just got the heebie jeebies.   I told her, "I wouldn't want to spend the rest of my life  alone , but I can tell you already that it won't be like  that ."
1	I play Syndra mid a lot and I can tell you she's strong if played well, but it's rare to see and easy to shut down. She has no escape with the lowest base movement speed and that's her major flaw that must be capitalized on. She can push waves like there's no tomorrow let her push to your tower and have the jungler come in, easy kill every time, if she tries to stun you just flash over it and she's got nothing. If a Syndra falls behind the only thing she's good for later on is single target burst and once your ult is down you die.   At the pro level if you can't play a champ to its maximum potential you're probably not going to have the best of times. To play Syndra to the max level is difficult for even the best of pro players, only a few have shown it over and over. Think of LeBlanc, VERY high damage IF played correctly and at the moment HotShot is the only one that strikes me as consistently good on LeBlanc.
0	Seen so many situations, many of them due to poor choices. If people would spent more honest time in each others company talking to each other, before committing themselves as a couple, there would be less single parents in this world.   If you're in a relationship and you aren't sure if it will stand the test of time, raise serious future looking questions regarding marriage and children.  Don't clobber the other person over the head with your demands for answers, but raise the question with the intention of hearing their side regarding topics that couples don't normally talk about (until it's too late). If you can actually discuss it rationally for minutes to hours on end, you may be in luck. If you cannot hold a conversation regarding a serious topic that involves two people (not a one sided conversation about what you two will do) then you have a problem.   Note, I kept my post gender free.   You need to know you can work with a person before committing to a life responsible for lives. It saddens me anytime I think of children who are brought into the world, doomed to lack basic pieces of life, such a mother or father; but it frustrates and angers me when I realize they lack these basics due to a persons selfishness.
0	Want to know how the world is doing compared to 50 years ago?
0	I work in a small retail store located in what most would consider the ghetto we have customers all the time who come into the store and leave their stereos in their cars on full blast. I usually ask them to shut it off as were also beside a restaurant and wouldn't appreciate that if I was eating. A few weeks back one guys came in and the entire building felt like it was shaking. I asked if next time he came in the store to cut off the music. He didn't respond and left.   30 minutes later he strolls into the store to have a chat about what was wrong with his music. I informed him its disruptive and rude to others who might not want to hear the music. He immediately pulled the race card. It took about 5 minutes before I finally said "I don't care if you're white, black, hispanic, Asian, etc. Its disturbing the customers in my store, the restaurant next door, and the employees here. If you don't like it then don't shop here." He then proceeded to cop and attitude and ask if I stopped the motorcycles and import cars going down the street for being loud. I then had to explain that they weren't sitting outside reving their engines and disturbing people so no I don't stop them.   Ever since that day he pulls up the the store with his music just as loud and sits in his car for 2 minutes before shutting it off and coming inside.
0	u/whywouldyouever beat me to the punch, but let me echo his thanks. My first time reading that as well and I teared up a little bit. There really, really needs to be more of these stories out there.   I live in the Bay Area of California and whenever I see someone on the road I naturally stop. 99% of the time they don't need anything but I like to stop just in case.   Unrelated I live in a townhouse with a homeowners association. I speak a little spanish but not much. The association pays big bucks (80-90 thousand a year) to a company for our groundskeepers. There's 2 workers and about 158 units that are all townhouses that are responsible for everything. I was speaking to them and they are the nicest guys ever, but the company is paying them minimum wage. If there's rain, or unworkable conditions they don't get paid at all. Just the owners raking in and paying these guys pebbles. I know it's not uncommon but to support a family, live in a run down neighborhood (his apartment is in a seedy neighborhood 3 towns over) breaks my heart a little bit. I give them money out of my pocket, because they do back breaking manual labor and aren't compensated very well and return home exhausted with no appreciation. This was neither here nor there, but it affects me way more than it should when kind hearted people are exploited.
1	Lots of people seem to prefer just reading 2-3 words as it is easier to digest nowadays, figured I'd make it easy.
1	Well, they actually cared, because Brand's E can't be dodged, so if the range diff with, say Karthus' Q is 75 instead of 125, your window of time available to dodge his skill (delayed, unlike yours) is reduced a lot, so it will become more of a trade.   Be aware that most of the higher ranged mid champions have said range on skillshots, not point and click like Brand's E, thus you have more chance to dodge their skills while using yours if the range gap is low.   For example, Brand is/was known as a counterpick to Annie. Now he's going to eat Annie Q everytime, assuming a guaranteed stun more reliable than Brand's it really hurts his laning against Annie.   In the Ryze example, you have to take into account that Ryze is not a burst mage, but a DPS one, and if you take his W, you are going to eat some dodgeballs and pretty big damage, not just his W damage.
0	Lot of men forget that the genitals of men and women do have great commonalities. You'll get some information on that, [here]( and basically on google if you search for it.   Based on the region your living in, there a kind of average size - [Map with length per country (metric)]( and some [more information for the curious](   Taking into account that male and female genitalia have commonalities, one could make the guess that the average size of the female genitalia also differs from per region and maybe is close to the average penis size in that region (I did not find clear information on that).   However I could find data mentioning that the average vaginal canal is between 3-4 inches and some even 5-7 inches. Also the vagina seems to be more stretchable than a penis is  expandable .   What I'm trying to say is that not every women does have the space for [Jonah Falcon]( exept maybe [Anna Swan]( So most women will most likely have more pleasure with an average sized penis. Some may desire more.   Others who also have an above average penis size will sure know and share the experience that not every women appreciate a penis which is above average. I was kind of turned down on few but still some occasions, because the girls where to scared and/or the act itself wasn't very practicable.   Also even with an clearly above average penis size you still often question yourself if it is really big enough. Others may know.
1	I have seen a lot of questionable decisions in the LCS, and even some that were bad enough to make me question the thought process of the player themselves...  But this is the first time, ever, that I have thought, "I could do better than these guys," and meant it.   Hope this isn't
0	Thats not a swastika, this is a swastika](   [This is the Nazi swastika](
1	The fact that you are getting 2-3 kills and then dying is entirely on you. This game isn't a team deathmatch, and to be honest I would much prefer my team to kill a tank and take a dragon/baron/tower than for me to go in and get 2 kills in their back line and have the enemy tanks clean up my team.
1	I think Riot know what they are doing   Proof : This whole AMAZING game   Let them create their game at the pace they want and stop doubting them.  They never disappointed me (so far) in almost two years and since i'm playing people complain about what they are doing and about how they are doing some things.   People want a new map so bad.  Dominion is not even 1 year old and most of people I know didn't played it in month, it's gonna be the same with MagmaC. (please refer to : the TT syndrome)   People want more balance.  In the forum you see people complaining on tweaks and adjustments in every Patch Notes.   And if Riot dares to do important change (new jungle, masteries, re-work) A huge part of the community's going to complain about how things were better back then !  If riot would listen to all those posts on this subreddit or on the forum, they would be clueless about what to do.
1	On the example of Maokai: Maokai is a fucking god right now, he has tons of cc, makes his tanky frontline even tankier and with fights lasting longer, he gets a ridiculous amount of HP out of his passive. And if that wasn't enough he also has %damage on his W so no matter what he builds he'll hurt like a bitch when he roots you.
1	I'm not completely sure what you mean by hard carrying, but i'm assuming that it means you're doing well in terms of kills and cs. Early game is defined by how well you lane and it sounds like you have that under control. If you don't win the game after starting out with an advantage, the problem seems to be that you're not utilizing the advantage.   If you find that you or your teammates are ahead in a game, try to group your team for objectives like dragons and tower instead of just sitting in lane waiting for the opponents to catch up. This can be hard to do at low elo because not many people realize the importance of objectives, but liberal use of pings will help you convince your team.   This way the game will end before the team fight stage, which will ensure you a win even with a weaker team comp.   Once late game comes along, it can be hard to win some games due to weaker team comps or incompetent players on pivotal roles.
0	As someone who went from homeless to home owner in the space of 5 years, for me the
1	only around 30 or so champions are played out of the 119   That's a lie.  >All champions should be on a level playing field and they should all be counter-able.   They are. Anything is viable in Solo Queue. LCS is different because of things like lane swaps being a problem.  >. I have never played against a rumble, and that's not right   Rumble was played all the time in S3 just because you haven't played against one doesn't mean shit.  >people dont play a lot of champions because their too weak or whatever and it needs to be fixed.   People don't play the champions because they only want to play what LCS picks.  > Riot need to change a lot of champions so they see the light of day again.   They need to change some champions who desperately need the help for some aspects.  >No champion should be considered OP.   Agreed.
1	Very Nicely written, Im always for more fan fiction that doesn't contain erotic elements since there is only so much u can take of it. love the
0	From the UK perspective, (it's not something we really have here), it seems to be that instead of being a legitimate exercise regime to get heavier people in the gym/doing  any  exercise, it's become a lazy exercise regime for people who are healthy but not over-fit, who just can't be bothered.  Additionally, a lot of the 'exercises' that crossfit ends up being, have poor form and will end up with people hurting themselves.  The exercises in the gym are structured to get the best result with the safest support for your body, and even though 'Sports Science' sounds flaky (well, it used to, to me before I started actually exercising), it's there for a reason.   Or at least that's how I see it.
1	Sry but
0	Your opinion obviously is based off of nothing. Your idea of young mothers not having the mental ability is debunked by your own source.   "Three alternative explanations for this relationship are explored-the life course-immaturity account, the persistent poor parenting-role model account, and the diminished resources account.  We find no evidence supporting the first account claim . " It's pretty obvious that when a young single mother faces many advertises and often ends with her being and single parent, living off welfare and never getting a  degree her children will not have the best upbringing but this is entirely a social problem and has nothing to do with actual age of the woman.
1	Might be slightly unrelated, but if you aren't amazing at the game so far, you might want to play blind pick. I got my lil sister to play, and the bots are better then some of the people she plays against. Yes, the bots don't exactly chase very well, or know when someone will obviously kill them, but they can use their abilities right. Level 1 randoms? I've seen many of them get 2, upgraded boots because they think they stack. I know it's unrelated but just my opinion.
1	I totally disagree with this article, I frequently play Karma and if she's played right can be a formidable champ. It's true that taking 6 levels to get to the equivalent of a normal champs lvl 5 ability is a slight disadvantage, however the fact that you don't have to spend 3 levels on an ulti makes it work out roughly the same, you've got one more point to spend on every move. Built correctly she's surprisingly tanky, as when on low health her passive means her shield blocks more and when combined with her Mantra also does more aoe damage, so when on low health using a quick R E R Q combo can deal significant damage while sheilding you from damage and then healing, if followed by a W on the chasing champ it not only slows them but speeds you effectively doubling the boost. Not to mention you can shield then heal then speed boost allies, and also shield and heal minions which is awesome for taking turrets. The aoe damage from her sheild also makes her a viable mid, as you can keep enemies off the minions/stop champs getting last hits, and farm entire groups in one move. If you build her as an AP tank (only using items that grant both AP and either Armour or MR) she becomes an extremely tough champion, not to mention that many people underrate her and don't know what she's really capable of.
0	I feel like I should mention eventually, I dated a girl for 3 years who had done at least 95% of the things people have posted. Telling me i couldnt have friends because they would brainwash me, threatening to hurt/kill herself if i disobeyed or left her, showing up randomly to check in on me, forbidding me to do anything alone if i had the option of bringing her, calling me so many times when my phone was dead verizon blocked her from calling until i responded, the list goes on. I gave in this time because this is how it started. The day after i met her she complained i wasnt giving her enough attention, so i did what any man would do... i stuck my dick in crazy. The next morning I had neglected to do something small for her (i dont even remember what it was) and was told i was a horrible boyfriend. I said  "since when am i your boyfriend?" And she responded with "I dont sleep with guys im not dating, im not a slut". She spent the next 3 days there, and within a month i was told that if i wanted to keep seeing her i needed to move in with her. Looking back on it, sometimes i wonder which one of us was crazier.  Its been over two years now and despite many opportunities ive been unable to bring myself to have any sort of official/exclusive relationship with anyone. Overly attached can easily lead to emotionally abusive if you let it. Fuck her, fuck everyone like her, and fuck me for still to this day feeling like im the one that fucked up even though im the one that left her. If any redditers out there are foolish or desperate enough to give in to a girl like this just because you think you'll leave when it gets bad, just remember that she'll get into your head. She'll tell you your amazing while convincing you that you arent good enough for anyone else. She'll make you feel great about your intellect and potential while she makes you feel like shit for not using it. Shell offer you a home, then call you homeless for taking it. Before you even realize what shes done, youve stopped Thinking shes overly attached and have come to depend on her, because shes convinced you shes the only good and reliable thing in your life. And the abuse is worth it, because at least someone loves you and you could be alone. She will make you stay, even if it means caging you, breaking your spirit, and destroying who you are, and if you ever get away it will be with nothing but the clothes on your back for fear she might convince you to stay while you pack. When its done, even after youve left, every critisism will cut you, and every missed call will leave you feeling inexplicably terrified. Im sure no ones going to notice this, burried in reddit but after reading all these i needed to vent. I could write a book about all the shit i dealt with.
1	So hosting a game to have fun will get me banned?   If that's true I go to DotA straight away. Sorry but this is retarded.   If it's IN the code we did not "hack" anything. We just opened a feature that's not there yet.
1	It's not explaining anything really. It has a small chance of tilting them, and is relatively harmless. I wouldn't just throw that out there unless they'd been shittalking and I clearly felt like it was skill. If I actually think it was luck i'm the first person to say "yep". Whatever has the most likelihood to make me look calm and them look stupid is what I'm going to say (or just keep my mouth shut).
1	Well Montechristo briefed over it in one of the recent Summoning Insights. Here's the impression I kept:   A analysts job has a broad range and depends on the individual teams needs.   An analysts job will likely include the interpretation of footage and strategies from professional play and try to identify key factors which are the most efficient and effective on the patches as they come. He will essentially sift through hours of footage from different regions and should be able to conclude certain effective behaviors to counter strategies that develop in that region of play.   An analysts work may also include analyzing communication in the team and should be able to give an un-biased opinion. If players are willing to accept it, is another story.   The Korean scene has already identified that having a team that spreads workload onto each other and off of the players allow them to solely focus on the game. Each piece there to save time, because a player alone can not invest the amount of time necessary.   Essentially an analyst is like the scope to your rifle. An enhancement there to prevent you from having to squint your eyes for an hour till you take the shot.
0	You should be ashamed for the way you typed this meme. In all seriousness yeah fat people are ashamed. I'm fat but I'm more proud than ashamed because I'm doing something about it. I'm exercising and dieting and since I started, I found out I actually like lettuce. I've lost 15 pounds in a month and feel more proud than ashamed because I'm now able to wear what I haven't been able to in months. Thing is, aside from the weight I'm really healthy. I've never had problems with blood sugar and pressure, cholesterol, and diabetes (not to say I'm not at risk because I am and it's only from the fact that both my parents have it).
1	On the passive you forgot to include that the champion or tower must die within the 3 second time period of her hitting them. So it won't happen on certain champs that ran out of your range or you get zoned. I think it doesn't need to be changed as it's really situational.     Switcheroo! - Her Q doesn't seem all that powerful as people make it out to be. You have 525 range in mini-gun form. That is grave's range. Graves can deal with that range with his defensive passive, mobility from E, and great trading with AA Q AA. Jinx has no defensive ability in her kit, no displacement move, nor any great trading abilities. Sticking with her lore, Caitlyn should absolutely dominate her in laning phase. The rocket launcher portion only increases in range when leveling it. The 110% damage and aoe will push the lane and not trade as good as other ADCs. This is a really fun ability. If this skill needs any nerfs then I would suggest having the atk speed stacks degrade every 2 seconds (1.5 seconds maybe?). Double edged sword really. Go into dangerous range, but have great single target damage or have massive range & aoe, but must alter your build path to more atk speed oriented items to be effective (currently she is tied with nautilus with the lowest attack speed per level in the game at 1% per level).     Zap! - Her W's scaling will certainly be nerfed. The range could maybe use a nerf down to 900. I think the animation could also be a little more visible.     Flame Chompers! - Her E's base damage is pretty troll. However, it is AP scaling so maybe high base damage is needed? I still think it should be a tad bit lower. The root duration I also think should scale with the level of the ability. I say keep the AP scaling.     Super Mega Death Rocket - Her ultimate's missing HP% damage (25/30/35) is pretty powerful. Most likely will be nerfed or the AD scaling will be removed. The missile speed does not need to be lowered.       Incredibly fun champ. As for build orders, it depends what you want from her Q. Runaan's procs off rocket launcher, botrk doesn't proc off rocket launcher, and maxing Q with mini-gun form is like a free phantom dancer as long as you keep the stacks up.   I'm still not sure what the optimal skill path is. Maxing Q gives great sustain damage, ranged AA harass, and will greatly help your mid-game damage, but no burst. W has unit collision so you won't be able to trade with it unless the opponent is not positioning well. E with its high base damage seems like it would be good, but with the arming time you have to rely on the opponent's bad positioning/knowledge of Jinx's abilities.   Final thoughts: After the inevitable nerfs, she will have a rough time in the laning phase. I am also pretty sure she won't be used in competitive play unless teams can force a 2v1 lane. I think her laning phase is just too brutal compared to the other competitive ADCs.
1	I would say that riot should not adjust range AT ALL in between maps, look back at the diana range nerfs, they are a pain to get used to and can easily break the champion, IMO they should just greatly increase the cooldown of it. And urgot / yorick just need number changes in terms of raw base damage / scaling (and maybe urgots healing amount as well).
1	I want to give a different perspective on this. I would put the Diamond player at jungle.  The reason is two-fold: the jungler has the most influence on the game at low levels and can force the weaker players to win their lane just simply due to strong ganks.  They will also know when to initiate in team fights to take advantage of poor positioning on the part of the enemy team.   I would send the platinum player to ADC.  ADC is the hardest carry when fed and late game (barring some odd champions like Nasus or Poppy).  The platinum player is more likely to have strong positioning and the ability to avoid abilities with flash and fast qss/cleanse.   Gold I would send mid if only because the lane is short and sometimes hard to gank.   Silver player would be support.  This is because the ADC will need someone at least familiar with support who can use moves properly.   That leaves top as bronze.  I think this is optimal simply because you have another bruiser (jungle) to pick up the slack if the bronze player gets crushed.  The lane being longer will actually help the team because the bronze player will probably lose lane anyway but with the longer lane, the jungler has an easier time keeping the enemy top laner in check.
1	Men recognize that the skill level on their team might vary. They recognize that in some games, they're just going to be better than their teammates, and that's when they do whatever it takes to win. Men take on a leadership role and offer supportive advice. They buy wards even when they're an AD carry- simply because it needs to be done. They understand that in order to win, you have to encourage your teammates instead of berating them."   This is the only line where I have a problem. I played a game last night where some guy let his friend borrow a higher level account and play Vayne while the guy supported. I actually dunno if that's against the TOS or anything but 5 mins into the game, it was apparent that the friend, in actuality, was like Summoner Level 5 or something. Went 0-10 in lane, had a grand total of 85 cs by 43 mins.   I, on the other hand, was 10/1/7 Anivia with 370 cs by the end of the game. But try as I might, no amount of advice (stop autoattacking the lane, wait for the minion to get low and then last hit), warding, etc, would save him. I bought wards, I ended my own lane early so I could camp his for him, but try as I might, he was still shit. Furthermore, since they were duoQing, couldn't even surrender because both of them would click No.   I admit, I raged out like crazy. Having to suffer an extra 23 wasted minutes when the outcome was that apparent drove me insane.
1	Just before that made our premade 5s rating worthless and introduced teams (not complaining it was a good move). We went and played a bunch of ranked 5's with 5 supports. Taric jungler, Sona solo top, Soraka mid and AD Janna + Alistar actual support. This was about 1800 elo   We ended up winning all 4 games and everyone was laughing, getting drunk and really having a good time.   Me less so - I had to play the real support Alistar. But still - it was great, I like being around people who're having fun.
1	I play Thresh all the time for support (as I saw you do from lolking) and from my perspective he is extremely overpowered and can carry your bot lane and the game. I usually build him extremely tanky as his dps is ridiculous for a support so you need to be alive to do this and you want to be that wall for your adc as well as the initiate if needed. First off start with 3 greens and one pink and 5 health pots (so you can harass and sustain). Win the ward war bot lane do not let your adc die to a gank that is your job as a support. Also initiate hard if you can win (lvl 2 thresh is stupid good). I almost always initiate get really low and flash out to bait first blood for my adc. Once you get ahead you can snowball this lane. If you have ult use it well it can win a 2v2 you were losing. Also make sure you are getting your adc exp before lane. Double golems on blue side on purple side ask jungler to start blue and take wolves. This will help win lane as well. Late game initiate if you can get a good pull then peel for adc. If you are initiated on just peel and use box. You can easily win games by playing this way. As far as items I rush ruby crystal on first back then sightstone and start working on locket right after. Don't buy boots early I dont buy them till mid game. Rely on your initiates for gold from the kills I hardly ever get philo unless building shurelyias (dont get most the time). Let your adc know you are going to be aggressive. Follow these tips and watch your rating soar with Thresh.
1	It's interesting because both Piglet and Bjergsen got a circlejerk fan base.  It was a nice play but the reaction would be different if either off them made this play on them vs a random challenger player.   When Bjergsen and Piglet makes plays it's because they're Gods and they outplayed the enemy.   When they get outplayed however people tend to discredit the person that outplayed them and come up with reasons for why the play wasn't that good.  "Bad match up", poor itemization, lvl difference etc.  The list goes on.   Now whenever Bjergsen, Piglet and other circlejerk pro players do something against a random you will rarely see people try to discredit them.  You never hear people say "That guy misplayed it so hard, that's why Bjergsen was able to get the kill etc".
1	This clamping is because your mmr isn't high enough, IMO if you start having gains less than 10 you need to ignore your Division and just play until you get back into double digit gains and then think about getting into your promotion series.   This does point at the biggest flaw of the current system though. Why is there some invisible number that is stopping us from climbing an otherwise easily understood ladder?
1	I was with you for the soraka to, but you lost me at jungle and AD malz...   If I was in my promo and someone decided AD malz was a good idea I'd be pretty pissed. It may work for you in low elo, but you will get picked apart by a decent enemy team. You need to expand your champion pool bro. There's a reason these picks are uncommon/seen as troll, and it isn't because you are just on the cutting edge...
1	oh lol u guys have no idea... :/   the new lucian is op. if riot doesnt change him at all you'll only see him at lcs very soon when they catch up with the patch. trust me he's broken as sh*t. if you dont believe me then you dont know anything. they litteraly buffed everything. AD, HP, Movespeed, E no mana cost, E lower basic cooldown, E additional less cd each passive it and all that buffs only for having lower AA range? fine he's a vayne now (should be able to bully in laning phase) but when it's over i he's getting a rly big threat and even in laning phase he can just all in with that new kit and winning trades easily coz of the early stat buffs.   Edit: imo OP's
0	lol, that's hilarious.   i remember when i was a kid, there were these things called "sitcoms". sometimes they had a "jukebox".
1	Don't die.   This is the most important thing to know about the game. If you give up first blood and/or start dying you become discouraged and play worse.   Play it safe. If an ally is about to die (1 ally v 2+ enemies) and you are close by, let them die. Better that the enemy only gets one kill rather than two.   Don't go into bushes if you don't know where the enemy is (hit tab and if their picture isn't lit up you don't have vision).   Don't be overly aggressive and don't spam your abilities in lane, that's not what they're for (unless you are playing a champ who is supposed to spam like Ryze or Cass and even then you have to know  when  to spam).   Mana management is important. Don't take clarity as a crutch. I used to, and as a result it took me way too long to learn proper mana management. This comes with experience, and some champs are easier than others in this regard (Anivia is a bitch).   [Last hit.]( This is difficult to do at low levels since people are way over aggressive in lane. Try your best. Farm wins games.   Knowing how much damage you can do and how much damage you can take comes with experience. There's not much you can do about learning which champs beat others until you've played those matchups. This takes time. You can only get so much from a guide or video. Firsthand experience is best.   Also if you do die don't fight the enemy 1v1 after. They have a gold advantage and xp advantage which means you will most likely lose.
1	Well, first of all, CLG's opponents were really good and outplayed them. Some of the things i noticed were:     Froggen's anivia is really scary. When CLG has anivia, they are pretty damn strong. However, without anivia, Froggen is still really good, but isn't the same level of bad-assery he has when he uses anivia.     Wickd's top lane is pretty mediocre in that tournament. Most teams will just ban out his renekton, his current champ of choice. Since he doesn't like irelia anymore, the champs that he can use comfortably in a tournament level seems to be really limited. His Riven got destroyed by Anguish's WW, his WW got destroyed by an Udyr. Without top lane pressure, enemy jungler has a lot more freedom.     CLG's individual skills and laning ability is top notch (with occational blunders by wick3d, in point 2), their 5v5 team fight coordination is also superb especially with anivia, BUT their early game team movement needs more aggression (when necessary). They lack aggression like 3man dives to top, heavy contesting of buffs, etc. Their ability to fend of enemy aggression is strong in the past like what they did against m5, but recently, especially when their lanes are shaky, they seem to be lost and continues to lose objectives.     Snoopeh's Maokai is really great, but I think he needs to be more comfortable with other junglers too so that CLG as a team can run different comps / strats with varying levels of aggression.
0	the mo is the same idea as the pink ribbon for breast cancer (raising awareness of the issue in the hope that more people in an at risk demographic get tested and hopefully catch it early), and the fund raising works more or less the same as shave for a cure... i'm not real sure what some people are missing here
0	I have a similar story. When I was a kid I was playing with my cousins in the front yard. My cousin happened to be wearing these bright yellow shorts (it was the 90s) and he claimed he felt this sharp pain on his ass. He wrote it off as nothing and we went back inside. He felt another one of those sharp pains. He didn't know what was going on and he felt yet another one. He decided to go into the bathroom to check on his butt and when he took is pants off a wasp flew out.   I shudder to think how he was only a few inches away from being in the op's situation.
0	I saw some versions of this in the comments, but it comes down to psychology and cost/benefit analysis.   The psychology of it, in Reddit terms, is a plea for mercy as the person posting has seen the savagery of Redditors when it comes to shitty posts; they hope theirs is not shitty and therefore ask for a modicum of forgiveness if is is kinda shitty.   If they're observant, it can be a calculated cost/benefit in that they know their post is not too shitty, understand that "first post"  will  offer them a modicum of forgiveness and some subsidiary pity upvotes, and use the phraseology purposefully despite that the very wording will earn some automatic downvotes.
0	The meme is only meant to describe OP's situation.  He didn't say that all women are like this, just the women in his family.  In fact, OP made a comment that "Maybe it's just families".   I know that when I go to my sister's for Christmas and my mom and dad say "Well, we better get going" that my mom will then talk to my sister for a good 20 minutes.  Happens every year.  I don't hate them for it.  It's just something that happens.  As such, I can relate to this meme and chuckle accordingly.  I'm sure there are women out there who saw the meme and thought "Oh God, my brothers are the exact same way".
1	I'm really surprised that the nerfs were as slight as they were.  Lulu is one of my favorite champions (my main in dominion, and I play a lot of dominion, where she is OP :O), and was sad when pros started realzing her power because I knew nerfs would come.  That being said these nerfs are not bad AT ALL.  She never NEEDED lich bane, thats just what put her over the top.  The recent nerfs only hit her E, albeit pretty hard. (100 less base damage max rank E).  She'll still be one of the better mid/top laners IMO.  I think its her W AP scaling ratio (that they nerfed and reverted back) is what makes her really strong late game.  That'll get hit next patch though if LCS continues to pick her mid.
1	There is nothing more convincing that a well formulated post, full of sophisticated examples, allusions and witty language. Riot will instantly support your demand. Way to go, young chap!
1	Not sure how it would interfere with competition. If Team A picks Rengar, Team B will most likely not pick Kha'zix. Unless Team B thinks they can get the buff, in which case they  might  pick him. It just adds another decision to the pick/ban process. This is assuming Rengar or Kha'zix aren't pick or ban status. If there is a relative amount of balance between all champs, this just allows one team to gamble on getting an edge. It would actually increase competition because each team will be hunting a specific member of the others.   Now, on the other hand, if these types of interactions become standard on multiple champs who have intersecting lore, that could be an issue. Of course if you want faster games, this mechanic will help. However, it will turn picks and bans into an entire strategy game (more so than it already is) in an of itself. This could be an option Riot is toying with rather than just adding more bans. I don't see this as a bad thing, although it would certainly complicate the game and change it a bit.
0	I'm not sure why you're getting down voted. Taking care of this the legal way would probably make his wife take things more seriously, though I understand why someone would want to remain anonymous.  Granted it happened awhile ago but a lot of states give you a certain number of years (sometimes even up until you turn 30) to report abuse from when you're a minor.
1	I started playing League last year at the start of season 3. I got to level 30 right before the summer (being a busy college student, getting to level 30 takes forever). Never got enough motivation to play ranked right away. Coincidentally the new aram queue and map just came out, so instead of normals or ranked, I just played aram the entire summer. As it turns out, aram really improves your mechanics and team fight abilities, but my map awareness and objective controls on SR are so terrible. So as of a week ago, I got placed in Silver 1 by playing Graves 7/10 placement games. Right now, I'm Silver 1 with 100 normals wins 250 aram wins, and 8 ranked wins in my belt.
1	I don't know what it is, but there's something about this team that I really like. It isn't even the players. I think it is how this is more or less the first western team to try to make this into a more professional environment. They really have a coach. They really have support staff. They really have an office they go to work at which isn't their home. They are sort of an experiment and I think that's compelling.   This is like a pioneer team going through the growing pains of being the first western team to do this. You can see the struggles of players having a coach they don't all like, but are willing to listen to since their boss requires them to. You can see the lack of friendship, but simultaneously the strength of 5 players sharing a competitive drive to win. It is like on one hand they are more organized than other teams I see, yet on the other it seems like behind the scenes they are just a small losing streak away from imploding. It is like this exact roster on any other team's infrastructure would already imploded ten times over by now. But this team has this resiliency and risk taking that seems to keep them barely holding on with their fingertips. In other words, this team has dynamics going on that no other team in the west has ever had and I'm confident in being able to say that with certainty.   It is an awesome story and I love how this series is so well done at documenting a generous portion of this team's evolution. Even if we don't get to see everything, we see more than most other teams are willing to reveal and I respect that as well.
1	I think these are some great points and look really in the long run rather than the short. I think another reason to wait maybe a year to make the groups larger is because this allows more of the top players that are still 16 to get better and then we can add them to the scene. The one thing I have noticed with the changes for OGN from, 12-16 teams in the last year, is that there is still quite a large divide among the new teams each split and the more experienced. Both MKZ and BFM went 0-6 this split and had a combined 3 or 4 "close" match-ups.
0	A meta review WOULD be amazing - unfortunately, either the science isn't there yet or I can't find it.   You assume the science is going to get there. You should withhold action until proof is actually in.   > What if you had a conversation with your partner and explored each other's bodies, fantasies, and kinks together?   You can do that and still watch porn.   I do have access to pubmed with the University.   > "The significance of heavy pornography involvement for romantic partners: Research and clinical implications"   Ok, here is the method of this article :   > In this research we collected and studied 100 letters posted to four different internet message boards by spouses, fiances, and girlfriends of men perceived to be heavily involved in pornography. We then culled these letters for their recurrent, outstanding themes. The message boards selected for this research were ones frequented primarily by self-designated sexual and pornography “addicts.” Secondarily these sites were utilized by partners of these individuals who had discovered their partners’ behavior, were distraught over it, and were writing in to seek solutions and emotional support from others who shared their plight (see final note for listing of specific sites).   So it is pretty clear that this does not work in your argument. These are women who believe their SO is an addict and they see it as bad. The sample is taken from a website that women go to to get help, so they obviously have a research bias. This is a shit article for any scientific point.   > Brain Processing of Visual Sexual Stimuli in Healthy Men: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study   All this study basically says is that the brain sees the image differently when it is arousing. Here is part of the abstract :   >  Among activated regions in the S condition, parietal areas are known to be involved in attentional processes directed toward motivationally relevant stimuli, while frontal premotor areas have been implicated in motor preparation and motor imagery. Further work is needed to identify those specific features of the neural responses that distinguish sexual desire from other emotional and motivational states.   > Activation of Mirror-Neuron System by Erotic Video Clips Predicts Degree of Induced Erection: An fMRI Study:   Again, the whole point of the study was to show watch lights up when you watch sexually arousing pictures :   > When presented with sexual video clips, eight out of ten healthy subjects had an erectile response demonstrated through volumetric penile plethysmography.   So basically you said : "Porn hijacks the biological process meant to bond people to each other and instead men begin to "need" the images on screen" before siting these 2 sources. These 2 sources only said yes, porn does cause sexual stimulus, it had nothing to do with hijacking or needing the image on screen. Clearly you have simply sited these without looking at them.   > To the next article : Pornography addiction: A neuroscience perspective   This is definitively not conclusive. It does show some interesting stuff (and is finally on topic) but many scientist disagree, and rightfully so. You can read it [here]( Both your article and mine needs more science!   Now to the non-science part : I DON'T CARE. News full of anecdotes does nothing, they are clearly ignoring cases where both partners are aware of the porn watching (my own anecdotal evidence), and nothing goes wrong! and then claim to be giving a good article. And the Your Brain on Porn website is full of TEDx talks and just non-science sources.   Conclusion : You say things, back it up with articles, but more often then not, these articles don't even mention what you claim they do. Please provide actual sources, read them (at least read the abstract further then finding the word porn) and I will read also. And please stop giving me non-science articles, because they are just a waste of time.   I am definitely ready to change my mind and follow the science. The science is clearly not shown. Please consider the same, you open and change your mind. Nothing wrong with that!
0	I'd say there isn't enough data to be sure of that. In the grand scheme of things, this is like a small annoyance or inconvenience in the absolutely immeasurable number of factors that go in to making a good relationship.   Maybe the sex is amazing, she could be funny and smart, they might even hold the same opinions on important issues like politics, religion, life goals and plans. They could be perfect for each other in 99.99% of their lives except for this one small habit.
1	Yes, but only with the reason of 'unskilled player'. Trying to get someone who's had a bad game banned for 'intentionally feeding', 'assisting enemy team' or something like that is just plain wrong. You could argue that reporting a 0/10 taric that doesn't say a word is valid, but only for 'not communicating with team'. Reporting for 'intentionally feeding' is something entirely different. This thread isn't about Ocelote's skill in-game, nor solely about his behavior, it's about falsely reporting, which happens way too much, not just by Ocelote. He's just the famous example.
0	It really depends on which is the active object on the website. With HTML5 that doesn't matter too much but with Flash, the Flash object needs to be the active object.
0	The real people to blame are the publishers who sell the books to the Bookstores.   Or maybe blame the whole "more-is-better-culture" in American  university literature?   I study physics in Sweden and I always sigh when an American book appears on the reading list. Without exception these book are much, much longer than books written by Swedish professors and seldom contain more useful info.
1	So I haven't really played the game in about 3 or 4 months and I've come back to it and it's really just... jarring. I feel like everything is completely different and a lot of champion choices and game decisions over the past few patches from what I've read up on make no sense. My normal favorite to play champs of Riven, Akali, and Rumble... none of them seem particularly good anymore, as I get run over by pretty much any champion in lane.   Basically... has anyone ever been in this situation where you've come back from a long break? What's the best way to get back into it? What are strong champion picks right now for Top/Mid so perhaps I can get used to something stable before going back to what I know.   I've never felt more lost in a game before and I have no idea how to really dive back into this game. I love League but having to feed every game and be completely in the dark about everything just...sucks. Dunno what else to do really...
1	Old Graph but shows the makeup of the League Community by rank. The general trends hold true today](   Notice how the vast majority of the community is made up of Bronze and Silver Players. Aka the 44% LB Win Rates is a number  MOST  representative of  bronze and silver  level of play. So the question is: are LB players losing because the makeup of LB players are still learning mechanics? Or is it because LB is weak.   I think, the potential for LB is there. Her ability to deal high levels of burst while being able to escape pressure makes her a  great  assassin. However, I do not think she is the  best  assassin. But then again,  not every champ can be the best champ.   What would be more useful information to me is: Win Rate w/LB in Bronze, Silver, Gold, etc. shown individually.
1	Tanks need to have something to make the enemies stop attacking the allies they're tanking for. That's the definition of a tank. They can have CC (prevent them from attacking altogether), lots of damage (so that they have to be taken care of, or else the carries die), or some kind of team-boosting ability (like Maokai's ultimate).   If you don't have any of those, you're not really a tank by class; you're simply running so far ahead of your team that the opponents would be stupid not to attack you.   A tank like Cho'Gath has a decent amount of CC, but one of them is unreliable and the other isn't a hard disable. If he didn't have high damage (Vorpal Spikes and Feast), he'd have to be loaded with more CC to be an effective tank. Having a metric shittonne of CC on one champion is very hard to balance (think Cho with 3+ CCs ganking your lane with any other CC to assist him: guaranteed death), so it's better to give tanks some decent damage (Poison Trail, Ground Slam, Despair, etc.) instead of loading them up with damage.   Most of the damage, naturally, is going to be base. AD or AP ratios on a tank don't mean much, as they rarely have AD or AP in a significant amount.   Additionally, this lets tanks be viable junglers and laners. If Cho were full-blown CC, he'd be unable to jungle (no damage to clear) or lane (can be bullied around by anybody), forcing him to either roam or be support. An example of this would be Leona.
1	I'm on the tiger hype train right now because I feel wayyyy too strong with it in games. I feel like I haven't had such an easy carry jungle since vi was in her strongest state, or hecarim before everyone knew about how strong he was with elder. Xin for that matter was also really strong earlier in this season.   The main thing is that tiger udyr thrives off early game and taking objectives as well as shutting down people in duels and ganks. If you don't do calculated aggression, you aren't using him to his potential.   I'd just use tiger whenever. It does more damage than phoenix if you queue tiger procs(you could do the same with phoenix), and you build tanky anyway because if you are tanky you last longer and deal more damage because of bear peel, tiger, and turtle shields that last for days. Phoenix can still win in duels, but you have to play smarter. Phoenix only has better clear speed IMO.   A lot of rambling there.
0	I read that, went "YES IT HAS!" in my head, then realized you were being sarcastic. However, I'm still not positive if you were ACTUALLY trying to be sarcastic.
1	Actually, he's right. He shouldn't be downvoted.   It's very true what he just said. You don't have Freedom of Speech at your job do you? If you started saying bad things about the company while you're hired by them, you're going to get fired aren't you?   Whenever you go onto an online forums like League of Legend's have you accept to a set of rules just to post. You can't say you didn't accept them because to even post means you have accepted them.   While using any of the Properties, you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You also agree to comply with certain additional rules that govern your use of the Properties (the "Code of Conduct")   To go on even farther, under the Code of Conduct there are more Terms of Use about user content:   "Content” means any communications, images, sounds, and all the material and information that you upload or transmit through the Site or the Game, or that other users upload or transmit, including, without limitation, any Forum (defined below) postings and/or the in-Game real-time interactive chat text (“Chat”).   You hereby acknowledge and agree that any and all Content shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of Riot Games from the time of uploading or transmission.  To continue even a bit further...   Riot Games does not, and cannot, pre-screen or monitor all Content. However, its representatives may monitor and/or record your communications (including, without limitation, Forum postings and/or Chat) when you are playing the Game or using the Site, and you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring and recording.   So in a nutshell, they're allowed to be doing what they're doing... however wrong that it may feel and actually may be, those are the rules and you did accept them just to play.   **
1	Random passive isn't truly random it's controllable. His rage decay isn't enough to make it so he can't stack up and wait for the fight to happen. And even if it goes down if he has bork it takes like four autos and spells and it's up again. (I see a strong similarity to Yasuo when people said "Oh his q is so hard to use he'll never be able to ult without help"). Mega Gnar has so much CC that it is almost impossible to out trade him, plus the health bonus. ANd he has a FREE ranged poke on like a 2 second CD with % magic damage, and speed boost. Mega Gnar's ult is a game changing ult that can be combined with his intense CC.
1	If you can play one champ at a 2k elo you can learn more from playing 5 champs at a 1.5k elo. You learn much more about the mechanics of the game and how buff control works. Also not everyone that wants high elo wants to compete competitively,  they just prefer a more advanced level of difficulty.
0	I guess your definition of help consists of "here look at this super complicated castle/redstone mechanism I built for which I may have provided schematics that you have no idea how to read" with the occasional grain of "this is insignificant but sometimes useful"'
1	It's a great thing that he is still able to play even without functional hands. He also deserves some reckognition for this. (Inbound down boats for this:) At the same time, he's not the only one out there having a hard time at life, so please don't go overboard on one guy, look at the whole image of his situation in relation to others. People are going way overboard in the comments on his twitch stream, while it's from the best of intention (i suppose) that people write it, it still gets quite silly to read after a few minutes.
1	ITT: Someone who trusted a person in SoloQ and the guy ended up being bad thinking his case is rare and more extreme than the many cases encountered regularly by players everyday and had to make a rage-filled thread about it.
0	It really depends on where you go for Driver's Ed. I grew up in MA and took classes in my hometown, a friend took classes one town over. My classes consisted of going over everything to do with driving a car, including some basic maintenance (weather didn't permit doing demonstration/practice of tire changing), and we watched maybe one video. Our instructor gave us tests and even made us write an essay. I felt like I was in driving college- but I am an excellent and knowledgeable driver because of it.   My friends class watched drivers ed movies every class. I didn't even know there were enough videos to do that. It was a fucking joke, but it counted as drivers ed. She barely learned how to drive. One day we were waiting to turn left at an intersection, she was driving, and we were at a red arrow. She turned to me and said "That arrow means I can go, right?". After I explained that "No, you fucking CAN NOT go!" she told me that she had done it several times already.
1	I haven't been reported once at all and I know I flame quite a bit. Ppl tell me that "Wow you are toxic" blah blah blah and yet I have not gotten an warnings or anything. I don't do it on purpose of course but I think those who actually get a warning have really done it way more than I have or it's more justified.   My toxicity apparently when I try to tell someone that they shouldn't do this anymore. I'm not that toxic as to say go kill yourself or something dumb like that.   I think getting a reported warning after a game is actually not a good idea because ppl could just brush it off as nothing cuz ppl report in hopes of getting ppl banned and so there's lots of false accusations. However Riot should implement a system to tell you how many reports you have gotten or they should implement an approval rating system that is much better than the honor system.
1	They could make it so dragons give a team stacking buff that only your team can see. The buff would make it so lets say dragon gives X% more gold for every stack you have( It would cap at 5 lets say). And to stop the anti snowball of this, riot could make it so if the enemy team secures a dragon your team loses all of the stacks you had generated up till this point. The buff would only disappear once your team had vision of the dragon pit, otherwise that would be a free timer if you were paying attention. This would make it worth it for teams that are behind to attempt dragon fights. It would also make it worth it for teams to lose lane pressure or lane control to go for their 2nd or 3rd dragon.
0	I agree! This reminds me of a time I went on a date with a conservative lutheran pastor-in-training. He had lived a sheltered upper-middle-class life in the rural midwest and had learned Spanish in school. He thought this qualified him to minister to immigrants. He has no knowledge of poverty, other cultures, world religions, racism, substance abuse, living without medical care, and endless other issues human beings (especially impoverished immigrants) face. On top of all this, he thought that introspection was "evil."  My Point: Being successful, rich, unafflicted, educated, and talented is NOT what helps you connect to/advise other people. Good advice comes from people who have shared your suffering, know your struggle, are able to empathize and advise from a place of having faced similar challenges.
1	I'll be honest. I've never been a big fan of watching anything on television. Whether it be sports, cartoons, dramas or reality tv shows, I simply could not stand what I called passive entertainment. I don't even enjoy watching streams while I play LoL.   That said, because of the amazing quality of the World Championship, I am excited to watch the upcoming matches, and my friends and I are planning to have a Super Bowl style party for the World Finals that I genuinely want to go to. Thank you Based Riot for making the finals so enjoyable and professional.
0	first of im not claiming there is no racism in america.. there certainly is far more than should be tolerable. I just want to clear up the American/African American terminology for you as you don't seem to understand it. African American is a politically correct term for an individual living in America who is of African descent, you can say black if you want they are synonymous, it is simply describing a trait of a person rather than dividing them from the rest of society. You could equally call someone a blonde American or an Irish American or a short American, it is a descriptive term rather than a separative term.   we are certainly a whole, and there are individuals who don't like being compared to negative stereotypes but for you to claim that all Americans of different races buy into them and don't want to be compared to one another is ridiculous, and the fact that you differentiated out white people above all other races to of course be the default racists is itself racist...
1	As for kat: Easily countered with any kind of CC/Silence.   Basically when someone with brain will use CC on katarina she will most likely die, (Imo. this happens rarely in bronze-gold, cause it's better to CC enemy adc/toplaner/juggler or even support (why? Idk... seems like a new trend in gold elo) and then cry how OP kata is, Rite?)
0	Similar sort of thing I can compare to this that just happened in the last two weeks around where I live.  A guy my age from a town near where I used to live just passed away (still don't know why.  Don't really want to bother asking someone).  At least 20 people I have as friends on Facebook have made multiple posts per day everyday for the last week about "how much the miss him"  and how they're crying about him being gone and all this shit like that.  Like first day was understandable but days after they're still acting like it just happened.  Its gotten to a point where I'm sick of seeing this kids name on my Facebook wall. People are continuing to post on this dead kid's Facebook wall days after he passed away.  Its starting to seem to me like some of the people at just trying to one up one another on what they're posting and how broken up they can seem.  Other side of my story,  the father of a friend of mine passed away just this last week,  and he is taking it much better than people are taking this kid's death.  Talked to him in person for a good 2 hours and he said the day it happened he was sad about it,  but after that he just kept going like normal and tried to be happy and remember all the good times he had with his father, not just mope around and act like his world is ending,  because that's not what his dad would have wanted him to do.  His is by far dealing with his father's death a lot better than these people I know who have known this kid who died for maybe a few years at most.
0	Im gonna have to say that a herniated disk with four other slid an inch or so into your spinal cord is probably the worst pain anyone can possibly feel ever.  I was stupid and made the mistake of playing ice hockey and American Football (for those who dont know its the one thats like rugby but more hitting more often) in the same season. After checking a guy in a game his stick caught my skate and I fell very oddly on my back. I had already been having back trouble but I could tough it out. Well when I hit the ice it felt like someone had stabbed me in the spine in four different places. I layed there in shock for a few seconds before I got up and tried to skate to the bench. Thats when things got really bad and I began to black out from the pain. I fell yet again on my back (I hadnt learned my lesson yet) which is when I heard the pop. By know I couldnt see and I must have screamed or the reff must have heard the pop because all I remember was trying to crawl off the ice then the paramedics loading me onto a back board then waking up in the hospital. I must also add that Vicodin is a hell of a drug.
0	This happened to me last year and I knocked on the door of my friend's apartment and she didn't respond so I texted her and still got nothing.  It wasn't until her roommate showed up with the drinks asking why I didn't just call my friend, so I told her I got no response.  It wasn't until her roommate called her that we found out she was a little preoccupied with a special guest.  Needless to say it made the rest of the night a little odd.
1	I don't play ranked but I get this in normals as well.   The matchmaking software is designed to do this I am sure of it. It places people with huge win streaks with players together on a team that are then placed against a higher ranked team.   This is how they balance out good players from better players. I think this is wrong. But then they have found that if they don't do this invariably people can just get higher and higher than their true MMR by just being consistent and win games through strategy only rather than mechanical skills.   People used to be able to rise from Bronze to Plat in like one month.   If they tried it today I think they might have a harder time doing it so easily these days.   Also by making it harder to rise they also inadvertently made the lower ranks not mean anything.   The difference these days between a Bronze 1 and a Silver 1 is almost negligible. That's because  more than likely the Gold 3 player got a few lucky wins and the Bronze 1 player just had bad luck in their games.   So many games are won on lucky 3v1 catches in the jungle at this level that skills/mechanics don't mean shiit when determining MMR. Team plays make the wins, not individuals.   LoL is a team game first and foremost.   People saying that you can "Carry" your way out of low MMR is not accurate. You may have done it in Season 1 or 2, but you can't do it in todays' game. It is different now. It's all about how your team performs together.   Once you learn this and then play as a duo to win MMR you will rise steadily. Duo queue is the smart players way to earn MMR.
0	There's a number of scientific studies showing how our "rating" people is actually innate. (can't find them atm) Its more of a comparative perspective applied in a larger system. IE: would I rather go out with person a or b? B. Then n is higher than a. Person c comes along, and they are higher than b. then D is lower than c, but higher than B, so you eventually just use a general scale, rather than some kind of mental list of people you find attractive from most to least.   It also allows for an easier discussion with others. (socialization is important for both sexes, and attraction to others is something we pretty much all share, and can discuss) This rating system is easier than saying "well, he's better looking than Brad, but not as good as Kyle." Only to have the other people not know who either of those people are. Its far easier to describe someone as an "8" than try to figure out who knows who, and how attractive each person is, etc.
1	In S2, %pen was applied before flat pen. They changed that in S3, and reworled Black Cleaver heavily. Black Cleaver was the new OP at that point, and it wasn't uncommon to see people stack multiples.   Then, people realized BC could be countered via Warmogs. When everyone, ADCs included, bought Warmogs, Warmogs got nerfed and Blade of the Ruined King got buffed.   Since Blade does physical damage, it can be mitigated by building armor, leading to people preferring mixed items like Randuin's or Sunfire.
0	Confession bears at
0	I'm sorry. I too am a nurse, and my daughter was born with a kidney disorder (reflux disease). I had a wonderful, very understanding job that was over an hour (one way) from my house that I had to quit because it was too far away. When I interviewed for my next job, I explained the situation and told them that I might have to call off at the last minute because Ava would suddenly take ill, which was the truth. She'd be fine at night, then wake up with a 104 temp, which meant a trip to the ER, for direct admit to the hospital, with a minimum of 3 days spent for IV abx. They told me it was fine, they understood, no big deal. Small community hospital, with a great staff. Sounds perfect, right? Well, after a few call offs and days spent in the hospital with my daughter I got a talking too about "abusing the system". I tried covering for others when she was well, working over and coming in early so other Moms could attend ball games, field trips, and the like. Then Ava got really sick and was scheduled for surgery. When I went in to talk to them about scheduling time off for her surgery, they told me I was no longer full time (bye bye benefits) and was now PRN status (as needed for non-medical), but I would continue to work my full time shift. I said "No, thank you", turned in my 2 weeks, and quit at the end of that time. Money is tight as hell now, with little to none left over after bills and food and medications, but I know my daughter is worth it. She's had her surgery, and is doing great now, and I will be looking for another job at the end of summer, and I would not take back what I did for anything.
1	Also I think I have to press twice a key to center camera on champion   You are right.   Pressing the key once focuses and takes the champion into selection,  pressing it twice centers your champion.   The purpose:   Imagine you are microing your own summoned units on the other side of the map (champion is NOT selected else you would move him aswell).   You see an opportunity and want to cast a spell with global range as fast as possible.   You press the <champion key> once, don't lose the camera focus and cast your spell.   According to League of Legends version the camera would have moved back to your champ which results into losing the view over your target place.
0	You downvoted me because you were too lazy? You are the worst. I had already added a
0	Dentist here - I wouldn't feel too bad about it. My patients tend to zone out while I do whatever I have to do and your tongue is designed to always figure out what's in your mouth, so even if you turn off the portion of your brain that pays attention to conversation or basic things around you, the animal part of your brain will still be active. So your tongue was just figuring out whether or not the hygienist's hands were food, poison, or non-edible.   I'm obviously oversimplifying a lot, but
0	Bro, when two bro's share a bromance, things can get confusing and murky. Embrace it, it might feel weird but two bro's cuddling is a natural part of life. After a few beers escalation is bound to happen. The best thing to remember is that its not gay, not that there would be anything wrong with that. It's just two bro's hanging out with their dicks touching. Nothing odd at all.   Does anyone want to play some GameCube? Just as a warning I play without my pants on.
1	My gf and I started gaming together and it all started with Strip Tekken. Best of 3 rounds each K.O results in the loser to strip a piece of clothing.... we worked up to Counter strike, and things of that nature, I just started teaching her league, nothing better than seeing the missus' bare chest while also oogling Janna's :D
1	Im gonna go ahead and guess that because you are on reddit you've read a good amount of the tips on here, avoid going on tilt, try to stay calm, ignore trolls, duo with a friend, play one role and have 1-2 champs for the others, play only one champ and see how much elo that champ gives, etc etc etc. so this may sound like something you have've been told before , but here you go,   There is a significant difference in skill between bronze, silver, gold etc to improve your skill enough to move from one to the next takes a lot of effort. From bronze to silver a good way i guess you could say is to...   -ward   -become the leader of your teammates   -master your own lane   -understand when to stop chasing your opponent   -farm that's key in all of them.   Could into great detail about everything but I'm pretty sure a lot of people have stopped reading anyway so ill just say this
0	When I had my last child I was 170 lbs  which is chubby for 5'7" but not bad post partum.   Today I am 275. In just 7 years.  The doctor said there was nothing wrong with me, I should exercise.    I haven't had fast food in two years nor soda in 18 months. I put in minimum 30 minutes on the eliptical daily until I'm in so much pain from my knees and ankles that I have been prescribed narcotics. Recently it was discovered that the Mirena IUD the doctors fitted me with after the birth of my child can cause uncontrolled weight gain in some individuals.  This was NOT  a specified side effect of the medication although now there are lawsuits.  I have been riduculed harrased bullied and nearly committed suicide as the weight and horrible teasing got to me (emotional issues IS a side effect of my Mirena).   Thank you, random redditor for not hating me based solely on a condition I am now trying to rectify.  I have an appointment to change my birth control method and the nutritionist is going to try y to help me not need gastric bypass to be normal again.  No, I have no intention of joing the lawsuits but maybe I should?   What would you do?
0	If anyone wants to get into podcasts, try Startalk or Sleepycabin. Startalk is with Neil DeGrasse Tyson and it's actually very entertaining and interesting. Sleepycabin is funny as hell in my opinion, worth trying if you have a darker sense of humor.
1	Not a lot better, at most you're looking at a .35*.1=.035 aka a 3.5% overall damage reduction until he builds more crit. The mastery was more designed as a lategame mastery I think for people who wanted to be full tank. As I said though there's a lot of math that actually goes into deciding if it's more worthwhile than a point in Legendary armor and most people don't want to go through the trouble of doing that every match. Besides you can't predict if your opponent is actually going to build crit or not and how much to actually consider if it's worth it.
1	Make runes free. Their design as an IP sink is a terrible game mechanic (and only a half decent $ making mechanic). Started this as a comment earlier and [turned it into its own thread]( The
0	Come to Boulder.  Its like they have their own little fun-loving community hate-sessions at the local coffee shops.  Where 20-year-olds act like they're 40 and all act superior to you because they garden instead of actually working.  I'm sure they can grow a pretty great tomato, but if they can't get the cosmetics industry to stop testing deodorant on animals they better figure out a way to fucking grow the stuff themselves.
1	Look at the champions of the other 3 team mates. If you've played them before, has there ever been a time where you just think to yourself: "Damn, if I had blue buff this shit would be over"?   Give it to that guy.
0	You must keep your eyes on the target, which in this case is their eyes. They won't be able to see you with their shit eyes, and you get off scot-free when they can't identify you. No sex offender list, no one shits themselves, you hit the crazy lady with some shit karma. Boom!
1	To anyone saying this is a bug. It's not. Becoming untargetable literally is the same thing as dying for a brief moment.   If you ult someone as caitlyn and they die before the shot goes off, your ult is available again after a few seconds. Otherwise it would be extremely frustrating. If the shot has already been fired however, it does go on cooldown. The same counts with unvulnerabilities. This is, intended or not, a feature. it seperates the good from the great. If you have an invulnerability and you get targeted by a spell ( not a skillshot ), there's two outcomes. The good will simply use the ability, the great will wait untill the ability has been fired and then use the invuln., because of that it will go on cooldown.*
0	I actually tried the app itself, and it didn't even change how the gifs load.
1	It's a combination of things. TSM IS really that good. They also are more solid team wise.  They're more integrated than CLG. I think if CLG had swapped jungle for jungle, they probably would have done well but still lost. Having Hotshotgg learning jungle AND integrating a new top lane into the team really hurts them. Doubly so against a team as good as TSM. I also think SV did a really good job of reigning Doublelift in from solo queue mode. He seemed to be the first one to yell for doublelift to quit afk farming and come team fight. That'll get worked out as the team meshes more.
1	I can't see the OP but I am replying to you, none the less. While I think every one of the skins on sale are awesome, and probably the best for the specific character (all have some sort of particle change, and are high quality,) I have to admit I am disappointed, only because I do not play any of those champions, or have the skin already.   I have mained ADC for a year and a half, and bought the Vayne skin on release. I play shyv from time to time when not adc, though that is about 1.5% of all games, and I already have her Ironscale skin. I have heard the darkflame can cause fps issues, on top of that, I think it is VERY visually unappealing.
1	To be quite honest, it's pretty sad that we have to attack people over stupid things like a VIDEO GAME. There are how many other things we can do other than play League of Legends 24 hours a day, and yet people feel so entitled to this FREE game (which, yes, a lot of us have put money into, but still, we didn't have to), that we constantly demand reparations for a wrong-doing against us. We sound like we're back in the 1960's fighting for Civil Rights.   A lot of us have known for months now that for some unknown reason, every time Riot patches this game, bad shit happens. It happens every time, never fails. Is this a problem? Yea, more than likely this shouldn't happen at all (especially when we have an active beta that tries to fix these issues BEFORE the patch goes live), and Riot should really look into this more often. But still, people act like this game should be 100% working, 100% of the time, and it just can't happen. Sure, it shouldn't be as broken as it is, but if it is, WORK AROUND THE PROBLEM.   People are complaining that their favorite champion is broken. Guess what? There's 95 others just waiting for you to learn their mechanics! Sure you may not be doing exactly what you want, but you're still playing the game, and that's better than nothing. As for compensation, if you're expecting it, you may as well just bitch to your hearts content, because no amount of talk the other way will ever change you. You can't expect anything from a business, ever. They're in it to make money, and, as said before, most other companies will NEVER take the steps Riot does. When Diablo 3 was essentially down and unplayable, did Blizzard do a damn thing for you? As far as I saw, no, they didn't. Riot doesn't HAVE to give you anything. They're already giving you a FREE product to enjoy. Blizzard made you pay 60 dollars, and didn't even consider compensating you for their server issues.
1	I played a total of ~70 ranked games during this season, because of that ladder fear. I was camping normal games, and I strongly feel that people I get matched with or against are mechanically better in this game mode than in my ranked games. My elo/mmr/whatever you call could be influenced for three months because of only one game.   And I only started playing more rankeds because a friend wanted to get to gold, so we did some duoQ without me ( trying ) not caring about my own placement,but just doing well so my 4 other mates could climb up. It has really improved the way I was approaching ranked games. And I'm considering to be active for the next season to see where I can go from low to mid Silver.   I don't know anymore why I wrote this, but as I see it, when you've had enough normal games ( not just when you reach level 30 and have a few hundred normal games in your bag ) to understand how each part of the game works, you can train your skill in a harder mode ( ranked ), see how people can react to your strategies, and think, improve from there.
1	Cloud9  players are unavailable for the  ALL STAR CHALLENGE  since they are the NA representatives in the invitational tournament. That means, no  Meteos, Hai  etc., in this event, but they will still be participating in the allstars.   Fnatic  players are unavaible for  ALL STAR CHALLENGE  since they are the EU representatives in the invitational tournament. That means, no  Xpeke  etc., in this event, but he will still be participating in the allstars.   SKT T1  players are unavaible for  ALL STAR CHALLENGE  since they are the OGN representatives in the invitational tournament. That means, no  Faker  etc., in this event, but he will still be participating in the allstars.
0	As a teacher I think this is great advice. Not necessarily about vaccines (I am no where near qualified to give medical advice) but just in general. You may know your child but I know effective ways to teach and discipline multiple types of children. When your child gets whatever they want at home and think they can come to school and get treated the same way it causes problems. I have students that scream and cry and throw themselves on the floor when they don't get their way; it works at home but it doesn't work with me. When I tell a parent that they need to make changes it's not a criticism on them; it's me using what I know to help you. I'm not only looking out for your child's well being now, but for their well being further down the road.
1	It's not American culture as a whole but it's American youth and especially American "gaming" culture.   What NA really needs is  adults . People 25-30+ who aren't there so much to teach them about league but to teach them about life. Hard work, flexibility, professionalism, shit like that. Maybe find some former military NCOs (Sgt/SSgt/GySgt, though i feel the latter two would be a bit on the old side, they'd be pushing 45) who happen to play league and get them into these organizations. Either that or maybe bring in people with coaching exp from other sports etc. What NA needs is structure and disipline   A lot of the problems with NA have very little to do with player skill and a LOT more to do with player mentality compared with Asia and Europe. NA is highly undisciplined, highly incestuous and nepotistic, and is more about celeb culture than any real leadership, and if you happen to be a celeb on a certain team, then the team strategy, player acquisition, everything revolves around them (for example, Counterlogic Gaming, and you're starting to see it with Bjergsen and Wildturtle who apparently bitch and whine when the jungler isn't camping their lane). Or look what happened with Rekkles where you have a team cancer that happens to be real talented but they replaced him with a steady, no frills ADC and turns out that they can push SKT1 to the limit, or with TL where Piglet is being outperformed by a random until he starts to synergize with the team.   Meanwhile, C9 dominated every split until Hai's physical problems and the decline of their individual players save for Sneaky caught up to them to the point where their organizational strength couldn't make up for it.
0	Just because it's not a genetic fact doesn't mean it's not a physical one. If black people bang other black people they will almost always have black kids with similar features. Why are we arguing about that?   Why are we fighting about whether "race" is real or not? It's real if people say it's real and know what you mean when they say it. If I said I like black people you'd know what i meant. If I said I like dark skinned people with dark eyes and dark hair that's a lot less descriptive. I could be talking about Mexicans, Indians, tan Asians, Native Americans, the list goes on.
0	Don't be fooled though, an additional $17,000 when you retire is a large amount of money!   You're forgetting about inflation.  $17k in 2014 dollars is a good amount of money.  $17k in 2044 dollars will probably be worth about half or even less in terms of purchasing power.   30 years ago gas was around $1, and you could buy a brand new car for like $6 to 8k.  compare with prices now and think how far $17k will get you 30 years from now inflation proceeds to go up at the rate it has been.
0	Listen to [this]( get back on that horse and plow away my man. Some people don't make it to the top of Everest on their first attempt, it's what they chose to do after that first failure that matters.
0	Hi OP, sorry for your loss. Perhaps you were having some residual feelings of guilt for whatever reason and your brain is helping you through it by showing you a situation where you're explicitly the one responsible, allowing you to feel anger over the dream and determine for yourself that's not how it happened at all. Moving you past whatever miniscule feelings of guilt you might be holding on to.
1	Elo Hell is not in Bronze, Silver or Gold. It's Platinum. It should be called Elo Hell, not Platinum. Good players around Platinum are as valuable as this thing itself in real life. I can't tell you how many times I have seen people wanting a role so bad they begged us.. many times they failed incredibly hard. I can't tell you how many times thoughts like "This guy is Plat, how is it that he can't stop feeding?" went through my head.   Elo Hell does exist, it's Platinum. People expect others to know things about the game and even if they do know a lot, they might just play without being focused. The seed of toxicity it is. I'd like to play with Bronze players in my team rather than Platinum players because most Platinum players think they are the hawt-shiet and approach ranked games without caring at all, in spite of the fact, that their knowledge is not with what you can make such approach. This is the thing that seizes my mind and body from conquering the ladder. From Bronze players I'd not expect anything. But they might say: "this guy is Plat, we are Bronze, so let's follow his calls and try to do what he asks us to do". On the other hand, Platinum players are like:  "U wot m8, im same elo as you! i dun take orders from ya scrub".   "But-but.. if you are so good you can carry yourself!" <- True, but I am not. I have never been in Diamond or Master or Challenger, but I'd like to be and I know I could be. Ambition, passion, longing, desire, enthusiasm, lust, craving, aspiration, thurst? Name it anyhow, I have it.  But I need to progress upwards and not be stalled by careless people. That's the only way I can learn on my own. I have the ability to detect good and bad teamcomps, I know when my champion and others' are useful or the opposite. I know what's a good call and what is a bad call. I know when, where and how to teamfight... The game however, is not made to be carried by one man who knows things, craves the victory, lusts for carnage on the Fields of Justice just so he can have the satisfaction of climbing the ladder.   Riot's approach on the game is making it more and more team-action-oriented. You need other people to be successful if you do not yet know more than them to be successful - no matter that you are more focused than anyone else in this damn "game", or heck, sometimes your whole team combined. Yet, you are punished even if you give your best and others do not. You are punished for trying, for craving something that at some points, only your teammates are able to stop you from getting.   Am I a competetive player? Hell yes! Others? Not so much. When I lose a game, I jump into another and with what I observed - I mean, you know, where I fucked up - I try to be even better. Others? Not so much. When I call you names because you've been doing the same things over-and-over again like someone with no recent memories of himself getting brutally murdered and sent to the fountain as a handful of levitating jizz as your champion has passed out it's spirit, sort of like a  coup de grace  only to remind you, you've screwed things up.. I'm doing that to remind you - as you seem to have no recent memories -, not to offend your fragile peace. What you get from the things I say? That I offended you. You still forget that the last 5 times your died happen'd because of the same foolish mistake.   I hate that I have to be competetive in an enviroment that supports people without this mindset. What can I do? I can get higher. Yes. But I need knowledge. Will it come with time? Yes. Would I find myself 2-3 divisions higher in an alternate universe where the only people who play ranked are willing to focus on the game, and - well yeah' - are competetive? Yes.
1	i think gaming is still a little too young (at least in the west) to have much if any psychiatrists but maybe soon as the generation comming now is filled with gamers, i know some nurses and such that play league though, but for me personally i think its made me better, i used to be a person that thought i couldnt get anywhere in life because of other people/situations when i seriously started wanting to learn this game first thing i learned was the reason i cant win is because of myself. At first i only applied that to this game still hating my life and things that happened in it but once that concept really sunk in i realised it just didnt apply to this game but to basicly everything, nothing is completely out of your control (maybe only some genetic things.. maybe) and if theres something wrong with my life its cause im directly not actively trying to improve/change it so i feel league helped improved my mental state a great deal and my life has been going on a far better track then it had been before i played league
0	Haha omg I can't believe that was real, I was expecting a gif. I'm at work. They block /r/WTF here but not /r/gonewild.
1	Wanna hear my experience, I was lowest silver 3 though, but really the situation is absolutely the same (even in gold here in EUNE -.-"). I basically got either trolled, or dudes just fed and didn't give shit about anything, someone trolled even in pregame so you had to leave, everybody raged, shat on you and stuff. The things you gotta learn are these:   *When you lose a game because of trolls, take a short break and chill pill.   *If someone annoys you, ignore him, that's like taking a turret or dragon.   *Try to specialize in things that aren't common (support,jungle,adc -->in this order)   *Always adapt (AKA pick support if needed)   Your elo will rise rapidly, trust me been there done that, even I thought I'll stop playing, but I started playing things that are op and good for solo queue, that is just the fastest way to win (as a support u can really feed carry as lulu/thresh/taric/blitz ok taric is a bit nerfed). Just keep calm and don't let them get to you   AND get a duo queue partner, it will help you adapt to ranked games, trust me, possibly someone with good attitude, cause I got friends with bad attitude, I just don't play duo with them
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
1	I feel it has to do with the fact that he is very underwhelming. His damage is very subtle, he cannot do burst damage he does a lot of sustain damage though. What I mean is that you can't really see him doing tons of damage, he just will beat them with his club for a couple of minutes until they die. Think scout vs heavy.   Nobody really sees trundle being played a lot, they don't really know what to do when trundle ganks. The poo-dick is not telling you to activate derp mode and do something stupid.   I don't feel that trundle can scale with items as well as other jungle champs either. You can build tanky w/o being able to deal much damage or squishy and get like 4 auto attacks in before dieing.   Don't get me wrong, I feel that he is very strong. He is great at counter jungling and can set some gnarly counter-ganks up. I just don't get the same satisfaction as playing someone like udyr and being able to activate man mode and just maul their entire team.   I stopped playing him because he was just..boring and not really fun to play, going 4-0 in the first 12 minutes and not being able to carry is not fun.
0	I duno man, if you're not old enough to know how bandwidth works and figure out what's going on yourself, I don't really care if you're having a shit time online.
0	As a 5'1" girl dating a 6'2" guy, I can say there does seem to be some sort of attraction between tall guys and short girls. With the exception of one guy, (who was 5'5") all the guys I've dated have been at least a foot taller than me. It's not on purpose from my end, but the guys have told me they have a thing for short women.
0	But there weren't widespread hunan rights violations in Iraq. By invading, we made the average Iraqi's life worse. We also created a war which resulted in hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths.   In Syria? Their government was actively killing their people with chemical weapons. Global intervention would have only helped.
1	Never say that a team is 'unbeatable'... I thought that we had a game in the bag after I got nidalee, and my friends got Zilean, Kassadin, Gangplank and LeBlanc. We were whooping with joy when nobody dodged. Although we ended up with double the enemy team's kills (their Fiora was 5-25) their Annie landed a Tibbers and they got a lucky ace. We had no tank (gangplank wanted kills... Of course), and the enemies had a nunu as well as a tanky xin zhao. The xin managed to finish our nexus, we couldn't dish out enough damage to stop him.
1	Yes, buying those items may have been BM, just like a 6 pool or cannon rush in Starcraft is BM, or even buying Ohmwreckers instead of stacking items. But, that doesn't mean it's a bad thing, and, honestly, they played the right way given they all had stacking items. That way being, sit back, bait, grab kills, thus grab stacks, finally getting a huge power spike and finishing the game. Get kills, don't die, win; that's the nature of these items, it's a risky choice so you have to play to minimize risk, and that's what [A] did here.   Additionally, if [A] gets in trouble what sort of precedent does that set with these items.   (So as to not be a hypocrite with my distaste of sensationalist reddit titles I made in my last post, I'm providing warning before you read this, that this is over-exaggerated)   "This week is played on patch 4.12 with Shen and Lucian disable. Additionally, any player buying stacking items or ohmwrecker with cause their team to get a fine and/or forfeit the match."   "Patch 3.13- Stacking items and ohmwrecker disabled because they are too BM"   Over-exaggeration aside, it does set a bad precedent and attitude towards items that should be fine, especially stacking items, risk-reward is a choice that a player makes, it's the foundation of games and sports, think of them as the Hail Mary of League, sure, winning with a play like that feels terrible to the losers, but it happens, and there's nothing wrong with it. And if a team knew they could throw a low risk Hail Mary, they'd take it every single time, and there's nothing wrong with that, just the nature of the game.
1	You are missing the point. There is indeed no mandatory meta, but there are somewhat more effective ways to win a game. A second champ bot besides the adc or marksman is ok, whether it is a traditional support or tryndamere, as long as they try their best to win, as you said. Now the problem occurs when they start taking cs from the adc. That isnt part of the meta, it's just the most effective way to babysit the adc until lategame. Again, this babysitting is necessary in any game that actually has an adc. Two bruisers bot is ok, as there is no weak adc needing cs. As to kills, same applies. The "second champ bot" as to not call him support, may only take kills when they are unreachable to the item hungry adc. Again, effective way of playing, no mandatory meta. I can understand why people would get mad when somebody else doesnt play effectively. Imagine getting in a cab that does twice the distance and time to get you to your destination. He isnt "playing" effectively, and you lose something because of that(money or lp).
1	Tier 1 runes are fine and should not be deleted. They're so cheap in comparison to tier 2 runes that it barely dents your ip wallet. The trick to them is picking only one stat: 100 ip for a Free Faerie charm every game? Sure! 100 ip for (with masteries) for a free Long Sword? Sound good! Although Riot should make an in-game tip stating that tier 1 runes are only useful if used as a single stat.   Tier 2 runes on the other hand are the noob trap; way too expensive for something that won't be used for long after completing the purchase. Riot should either remove these, or make these in particular be upgradeable as others have mentioned.
1	Sky I know you're gay, but don't suck Dyrus's dick this much dude.   Was he good ? nah, could he be better ? yes. Marginally.   Why wouldn't the strategy of camping a single player never work against any other team?   What has lead TSM, a team that I am sure strategies more than you think, decided to stay with this strategy of welp, its dyrus top, he'll be camped and lets hope team can recover over and over? Exactly. They know they cannot back him up with a jungler, because the 2v2 will go south due to his abilities/inabilities.   Standing up for people is cool, I get it, it's noble, but criticism has to be done in order for a team to get better.       Dyrus has to either step up both mechanically and decision making or he has no place in a competitive team.     Bjergesn needs to be on play making champions, cho'gath isn't one. Zed is one, Leblanc is one, heck let him play Syndra if you want a control mage.     Wildturtle is pretty good mechanically, but goddamn does he suffer from poor decision making, let him be coached by Bjerg or someone who understands the game more than farm and orbwalk and land skillshots.   Locodoco, please please please please, DO NOT Draft a team based on what your opinion is, you literally forced Bjerg on Cho 2 games, and lost because of having your star player on an utter shit champion. Let your team develop their playstyle, copying Koreans wont work, wanna know why ? you dont go through lengths that koreans go (replacing players instantly due to performance) so play your game, not imitate their game and fail at it.
0	Fuck that shit,
1	pick renekton, buy wards and go ham. Literally all you need to do lol. Jax is honestly my fav champ when i see him picked in ranked. I just pick renekton and i know for a fact he can't touch you in lane. Also bring ignite all in him lvl 3. Harass with powered q whenever he wants to farm and just stall it so it doesn't go near his turret. If he comes out you kill him.
0	If you got eight bottles of cologne, you either smell like shit or no one knows what to get you, Next year tell each person exactly what to buy you.
1	WARNING TO ANYONE CONSIDERING THIS IDEA:  It's a lot more complicated than that. You may want to steer away from this idea, since Cyanogenmod is a custom flash ROM for your phone itself. Also chances are since your phone is running on a stock Android 2.3 software, installing 4.0 software could result in a lot of problems and be extremely slow and will cause functionality issues.   EDIT: In fact don't even bother with this idea. Unless you have prior knowledge with your phone's software flashing/recovery system and rooting experience, you shouldn't do this. Risks like voiding your warranty and making your phone an expensive paperweight are very high for anyone new to the process.
0	ITT: TIL that if you think you speak Internet, Reddit will FTFY.
0	Your boss is a fucking idiot.   Yes, green can chill you the fuck down. It can also cause massive amounts of paranoia. Speaking as someone who occasionally suffers from panic attacks (To the degree where I cannot leave the house or I shut down in public), throwing green at it, whilst it sounds like a good idea, is a fucking stupid idea. Can you imagine what that paranoia would be like?   So yeah. Good guy boss? Sure. Idiot? Oh by the gods, Yes. Sometimes I fucking hate the smoking community. You were probably calmed down more by the dude sitting with you then the green in the brownie.
1	I hate to be that guy, but what you drew was neither the "median" nor the "average," also called the "mean." What you drew would be the "mode."   The median of a set of values is the one that is equal distance steps from either side, so given 25, 60, 75, 100, and 100, the median is 75. In order from smallest to largest, it is the middle number.   The mean of a set of values is the average, so given 25, 60, 75, 100, and 100, the mean is 72. You add all the values, then divide by the number of values.   The mode of a set of values is the one that appears the most, so given 25, 60, 75, 100, and 100, the mode is 100. It appears two times, and the other numbers only appear once.   Applying these terms to LoL, you would have to first come up with categories in which to put female champions, like Yordles, Poppy and Tristana, tall/skinny/buxom humans, Katarina, Miss Fortune and Sona,  animal-like, Nidalee in cougar form, Soraka, and Anivia, etc.   Then you would see that the median would be indeterminable, since there is no easy way to apply a numeric value to each champion, so putting them in order would not be possible. The mean or average would be more like an amalgamation of all categories, so it would be something short like a Yordle, buxom and barely dressed, like Kat and Miss Fortune, with non-human attributes, like Soraka or Anivia. Finally, the mode, which is what you would be looking for, would pick any one champ out of the category that has the most. Since there are more skinny/tall/buxom/scantily-clad female champs than animal-like, yordle, etc female champs, the mode would be that category, so any champ from that category would represent the mode.   Basically, the difference is the difference between the scientific word "average" and the everyday use of the word "average." The everyday use is more along the lines of the mode, and should rather be called "typical" than "average."
1	Ok, explain like you are three.....   "friends" are people I know well and would call at three AM when I've been left by my boyfriend (or, in your case, rather likely girlfriend). That excludes online-only contacts, for you won't even have their phone number in most cases. So they are basically strangers, seeking their own advantage and maybe trying to hijack your account. As you wouldn't take sweets from strangers, you shouldn't take hijacking links from online-"friends". Hell, what do you know about them except their rank and that they play the same game? Would you hand them your cash card and tell them your PIN as well? But if you make banking via your PC, it's not much difference anymore if you click links that you are offered by people who are almost strangers.   It's lots more difficult to fake friendships when you are regularly seeing the other person face to face and very often. Plus online people might just delete you from list and you cannot even go to their home and kick them for it. Nor even flame them, because they've deleted you and you cannot write them any longer.
0	It's bitchy and arrogant because when someone gives you a compliment, it's appropriate to give thanks for it. "Yes, I know." insinuates that the person being complimented is arrogant (and therefore does not respect or appreciate the person giving the compliment).   Honestly, if you're of the opinion that saying "Yes, I know." Is an appropriate response when giving any kind of compliment, chances are you're an ass hole and only other ass holes will agree with you.   Of course, it could be done with either sarcasm and/or in good nature. Saying, "Yes I know." To a close friend after they say something like, "You're smart." can be funny for both parties.
1	its most often only the one of the duos that is toxic and the other one feels presured to do the same. For example i duoed with one dude i met on league and he seamed really nice so i choose to play with him. but i noticed when me and him went bot he fellt that it was our bot even if other people called it first, so while he demanded botlane i asked the person that called first if me and the dude could take bot.   me myself is against toxic people and think they are the part of a losst game and often is ruening for other players. another example   i play with my friend that is lvl 12 i am lvl 30, so when i play with him i try to help the other players by first asking if they want some tips then i give them tips if they want, because if you just gives them tips they can fell like you think they suck.
0	OP, I am a lawyer. It depends on your jurisdiction, but I would STRONGLY suggest speaking to a lawyer if you have not done so already.   Two years of no-contact is more than enough time to establish abandonment and have the parent's rights terminated. Also - if you don't already have some form of legal control over your nephew (like a guardianship) then you're going to be in major trouble if you are called to make some sort of legal decision for him (like major surgery, school issues, etc.) that requires legal authority to act for him.
1	upvoted for that
0	I had a similar but an even worse experience of this at one point. I'll tell you all about it:   I'm studying at university right now and I was out with a couple of friends at a student pub, drinking beer and throwing darts. Since the staff at the student places are students themselves I tend to chit-chat a little bit with them when ordering, especially when it's a slow night like the one at hand.   The bartdender was a cute girl who I really thought had some pizazz, so I talked a little more with her than I usually do. After a while I asked for her number, and I got it! Score, I thought! I sent a messagt after a couple of days (stay cool, don't seem needy,,,) and we decided to have a date at a local pub. I had a wonderful time! And so did she, apparently, so we decided on another date. That too went well and I gave her a peck on the cheek too.   On the third date, when I was going to meet a couple of her friends over a beer and a music quiz, something very, very weird happened... I was sitting there, amongst newly found friends and my date when suddenly a guy walks up to her, sits down and they kiss... WTF?! I was stunned... what the hell is happening here?! Why aren't anyone of her friends reacting to this?   I sat there, silent for a couple of seconds when suddenly one of her friends says; "Well "LoneGenius' date", are you excited for your wedding yet? In two weeks, was it?   That girl was engaged! She was about to be married in a couple of weeks and that dude was her fiancé! How can she have failed to mention that?! Needless to say, I got very pissed off. I guess because of sadness and a feeling of betrayal. But I was a gentleman and stayed there the whole evening without making a scene.   I was the one escorting her home, and when we arrived I told her that I wasn't aware of the arrangements. She basically just shrugged and didn't really apologize or anything. I told her that I did not appreciate being toyed with and bid her adieu. And that's a real Scumbag Stacey for you!
1	Diamond rengar only player here; AP Rengar actually has a really good landing phase. The weakness is the window where you can't quite Oneshot the adc/apc ie midgame, lategame he functions similarly to ad nuke rengo but can't duel aswell making him an inferior splitpusher, after your 3x w rotation you have no dmg and is countered very hard by banshees veil, so unless you snowball hard and accelerate your midgame you're going to have a hard time
0	Genetics are in everyone's favor.  Especially if one believes that there is no free will, but let's not dwell on that here.   Historically, being fat was a genetic advantage.  Would a woman prefer a skinny non-provider or a fat provider?   Everyone is different and not completely programmed by genetics (mutations or other reasons.)   Nowadays, most women prefer a fit person.   That said, we all have genes mostly inherited, and our ancestors of course had children-- probably a lot of children due to war, famine and disease-- and we all survived those trials, genetically speaking.   EDIT: Added a missing apostrophe.
0	We had a house when we got married. We had a simple wedding with a focus on throwing an awesome party for our friends and family, we had family play live music and ethnic dance, we had a friend play bag pipes and we packed a community hall with over 200 people. Did not cost a ton but to this day I still have people tell me how much fun they had. I have been to countless wedding that really focused on aesthetics and other BS, they were good but seemed so forced and it really took it out of the attendees.
1	One note on his early game damage [...] Buckshot is severely overestimated [...]  [...] but he just doesn't compete with the higher damage early game caries.   Hm thinking some more about his buckshot, you're right: Fitting his "shotgun theme", it's more of a  team-fight skill , but can't compare to other champions' single target damage.  Assume you could pull off a buckshot which is point blank on 1 target and 2 bullets each hit one additional target [not that far fetched, given that each shot has 1100 range and no damage reduce after passing targets]. Suddenly you're looking at 255 + 2 x 170 damage (= 595) at char level 5 - even when not assuming point blank [=>510], that's very good for a level 3 skill.   > Remember that bruiser is a build, not a role [...]   Thanks for your explanation on the whole topic :-).  Although I'm still thinking of the  advantage  of using Graves with such a build. As  ZeMar  damage, initiate a fight or apply CC.   While Grave's range isn't exceptional, you still outrange some AD carries [Sivir & Kog'Maw without W] and are "just" 25 below Vayne, Corki, Ezreal, MF [leaving Cait, Trist & Ashe who severely outrange you]. It's not great, since you  want  to use his E as attack speed steroid instead of an escape tool, but more tankiness wouldn't change that problem - get in, get CCed, get jumped and you still have problems.   Overall I'd say, being near the enemy will "only" drastically improve your buckshot damage and give you a few AAs more. While you will have 30 free Armor/MR, it's imho not a big enough advantage to justify sacrificing some of his damage.   But I'll give it a try - perhaps I underestimate your ideas. And you're definitely right, that he's one of the few AD carries how can pull of a AD bruiser build.
0	true except for the black part...   i was asked once to look through resumes, it involved turning every resume into 2 yes/no answers and a number. Took about 5 seconds per resume, sorted by number and done.   Having people enter their own info on a webpage puts it straight into a spreadsheet so they can sort it by a few yes or no answers, then have some intern add in a 1-10 "initial impression" rating for their resume.
0	Well put. I would still counter that personal computing has been around long enough. If someone is in an office, any office, in any capacity today, they would need to know enough to produce a word document. To even turn one on and to know which program to use, as well as find, requires a certain level of computer literacy. Where as perhaps 20 even 10 years ago, this understandably would have been common.
1	it seems my irritation with the whole situation didn't block my points, I'm happy about that.   The part about M5 saying Bg is a completely different thing though, it's organized and obviously nobody in either tsm or M5 will intentionally ruin the game, naturally that excludes the reason to say BG, of course dc's can still happen but in matches where it matters they will pause.   When you play in premades the point about it being similar to soccer and the like stands, because it's a team effort and saying bg there would either be insulting to your own team or the enemy team (Under the asumption that the enemy team doesn't spam insults or you don't get a dc and the enemies abuse that for baron or towers/inhibs in which case BG is obviously stands <- this might be me being buthurt but one can only be as full of sportsmanship as the enemies you're facing)   I've played soccer for 8 years, and I know much about sportsmanship and shaking hands saying well done etc no matter how it was.
1	Don't click, hold and drag when in game select. It doesn't update in the client.
1	I have disposable income. I spend it on things to keep me entertained. I've probably spent $150+ on LoL - buying champs that look interesting when they come out - I take advantage of most of the sales - buy the occasional skin if I want it. I have ~400 games played. That's probably 200 hours on average. $0.75/hr is pretty cheap entertainment. :)   Is it necessary for success? Definitely not. Is it sweet having most of the champs unlocked, and playing them with the skins I like? It sure is. :D I love this game. I justify it because it makes me happy, and I'm having a blast. Would it be better to spend $10 on ... a movie ticket? Or volibear? Easy choice for me. That said - I'm in the fortunate position of not having to worry too much about $20 spent here and there on entertainment luxuries.
1	So I'm just going off of the quoted text here (since I will assume you quoted all relevant text?).   The first issue, Lyte and Ymir. Lyte says the application of restrictions isn't automated, and no where in Ymir's text is that contradicted. You seem to have an issue with Ymir's wording and have assumed that he meant the system was automated. Nothing is perfect, no system, no human, and they agreed with that, but nowhere is it stated by Ymir that the system is automated. Way to jump the gun on that... Maybe you assumed the entire system was human controlled or something? Most likely the information gathering is controlled by a program, which makes sense (there are a lot of players).   Ymir's acknowledgement as to room for abuse, you are making assumptions again, you jump to the conclusion that this means the system is completely automated. The "room for abuse" could simply be doing stuff in League that baits another player into breaking the summoner's code (which is an abuse in the Tribunal system as well).   Your example with you and your friend is useless unless you can provide the relevant chat logs, otherwise we'd have to just take your word on it... Which I doubt anyone is inclined to do since we have no idea how you two acted.   > Seems legit. If you're banned enough relative to the number of games you play your account is flagged and most likely automatically chat banned.   Again with the ASSUMPTION of automatic application of the restriction. No where did it say that but you ASSUMED it so.   Pre-game and post game chat logs ARE available to them, even shit you say in chat rooms. I don't know why you find this hard to believe as all that info goes through Riot's servers. Just because the "community" thinks something, doesn't make them right does it.   As for the random timings of handing out of the restrictions, they can easily just tell a program to hand out X restriction to whatever player and have it do that whenever they tell it to, so the time it happens isn't evidence of any dodgy dealings. Maybe it's set to hand out the restrictions weekly/monthly/whateverly and Riot employees just add the names to that list. You just don't know, but yet you assume.
1	Oh my god.. Ahri players defending their instagib 1 defensive item adc or support, with dfg + 2 homing spells, or maybe it takes 2 out of 3 dashes from Spirit Rush(my god!). Like seriously I've played a lot of Ahri and I can say that she's broken. I've never felt playing an AP mid so much easier than with Ahri. You play to lvl 6 somewhat safe and you become a mobile beast all over the map or in case the jungler comes to gank you, you have 3 pseudo-flashes.   Ahri plays the role of an assassin too well as it is. I don't know yet how much the changes will affect the overall gameplay but I would like to think that Riot doesn't necessarily nerf things to the ground for fun, but instead try to find a balance so that for example Ahri should hit maybe DFG+Q+W+R(2/3) or that Ahri players should at least hit their point blank charm which makes the champion more skill dependent.   Also you can't compare Ahri to Fizz or Zed. Fizz has a very nasty laning phase during the first few levels, Zed or Ahri doesn't. You buy QSS, Zed is easier to kill, especially since he comes straight to your team during his ulti. A good Zed requires A LOT of mechanical skill and knowledge of the champion, while I think that Fizz and Ahri are actually not quite up to par with Zed at the moment. That being said, Fizz has more dmg packed in his kit than Ahri, or at least I feel like so because Lich Bane + qwe deal so much dmg that it can easily kill squishy targets late game, without the shark. But that being said I had the feeling that Riot was making Ahri more charm dependent on the kills and this would make her more towards Fizz. If that is the case, it's brilliant.
1	It just does not appeal to me because for 30 minutes to an hour they just bash whatever team they feel they need to bash. They call out problems and harass whatever team they wish for x amount of time. IMO, this is unprofessional and shouldn't be tolerated by teams/players.   Their job is to call out problems and point out issues with players, this is a thing that happens in sports. Not everyone is good, if this game is supposed to be competitive, players doing badly shouldn't be praised or ignored.   > The players/teams are what make this whole thing go round. Players have to go through quite a bit and be put under thousands of fans and critics pressure every day. So having an entire, somewhat popular show just bash them is NOT OK.   This is a thing that happens in a competitive environment, if a player doesn't want to deal with that, don't be a pro. Yes, sometimes people go overboard, but holy shit, what do you expect in a competitive game?No one's saying, "The Detroit Lions are a great team, don't say bad things about them to hurt their feelings!"   >
1	We can all try and be mature but sometimes that 0-8-0 mid that says he doesn't care if we lose sinve "we deserve it" and keeps on feeding intentionally is just going to make you think horrible things. There are so many people playing the game that even through reports and ignores you will time and time again confront that person who is angry at the game and feels pride about being better than you. Let them have it. I'm not even diamond but people still occasionally expect me to carry as a plat player 1v5 no matter what they do. I fail, I get flamed, I learn, I get over it. Play the game to have fun or play the game to get better YOURSELF. You can try to tell people advices if you feel they're "dragging" you down but be polite. They will respect you more if you say "Try to group as 5 and push top" instead of "Fucking noobs go top fgts". If they don't want your advice then don't give it.   Seriously I understand the frustration of getting smashed and flamed by other players especially if you're just looking to play 1-3 quick games but soloQ is about improving your play, not the play of your team. No matter what the enemies or your allies say, you can MAYBE take the critique or if you don't want to, just ignore them.
1	You never said it explicitly, I'll give you that, but in that first post you described healer gameplay as "hindering their opposing team's" and phrased that sentence in a way that gave it what I felt to be a negative connotation.   I then said I was under the assumption that that was the point of support, to hinder the other team's gameplay, "to prevent the other team from playing how they want to," which often involves disruption, whether it be in the form of disrupting farming (harass), disrupting escapes/chases (movement modifiers), disrupting damage (healing, shields), etc. Summarily, there are ways to prevent the game from going exactly the way the other team wants it to, besides just healing, all of which fall under the umbrella of supporting your teammates. Ergo, supporting is not just healing (I'm just repeating myself here because I've always wanted to say "ergo").   You then disagreed with me, saying that "the point of [a] support is...to support his team members." This is where I started to think that your definition of support was limited to healing, because of a convoluted chain of logic that I will do my best to put into words. You said that healers hindered the other team's gameplay, which I took as healing = hindering = disruption = support. When I said the point of support was "to prevent the other team from playing how they want to," I was referring to all disruption that could be considered support, so when you disagreed with me and said supports support, that combined with your first post about healers hindering gameplay (and therefore being supports) was what led me to believe that you thought only healers were supports.   When all is said and done, though, I think the root of all this is just an issue of semantics, an error on my part. When you referred to healers hindering gameplay, you were probably not talking about preventing the game from going the way the other team wanted it to, as in disruption that I would consider supportive in nature; you probably meant that healers made the gameplay boring, passive, and not really any fun. Everything started when I made this error, because my post led to another misunderstanding, where you thought I was saying that the point of support was to make gameplay boring, passive, and not really any fun. And that led to ANOTHER error, where, due to the reasoning in the paragraph immediately above this one, I thought you were saying that only healers were supports.
0	Learning disability was once called 'mental retardation' because of the idea that they are mentally slower. However, 'retarded' or 'retard' then became an insult, meant to offend people by comparing them to a disabled person. Unsurpisingly, disabled people don't really like it when you use a comparison to them as an insult. As a result, the official terminology for the condition changed, because stopping the stigma of disability, and therefore the offensive slang, is much harder.
1	He has more potential on TSM because he would be laning with a better adc.
1	For last hitting you can take two approaches:     Choose the champs you play the most and go into a custom game and just last hit for 10 minutes (game time).  This will kind of adjust your muscle memory.     Pick a terrible auto attack champ (Karthus or Anivia) and practice auto attacking.  This give you worst case scenario and is more of a general help.       The other two points you bring up (skill shots and decision making) are a bit arbitrary.  You have to remember that most pros (source was from scarra) have played a LOT of games (thousands).  It's experience that helps them with their decision making.  Think of how many long drawn out games clg.Eu has played.  They probably have the most tournament experience with 50+ minute games and that gives them the edge if the situation arises again.   Skill shots are similar to last hitting but are even more muscle memory intensive in a way.  There's figuring out what a player will do based on movement (think body language), remembering the speed of your skill shot (ex: Janna tornado vs Lee Sin Q) and your own reaction time.
0	This idea of a job singlehandedly paying for "the American Dream" is kinda warped   The consumer price index- CPI (basic bundle of consumer consumption goods on a yearly basis) has hardly changed in relationship to the real price of the dollar.   The reason why people were able to afford that kind of stuff was because banks were more willing to give out larger loans, on top have having lower real interest rates on the loans.   Since then, most of those banks have lost there asses (I dont really care, rich people losing money) with the liability of people who wouldn't pay them back. Though this is true, the general spending culture is very different today as well. The investment rate per dollar is much much lower today than it used to be (aka, people spend their money more than they save it, especially compared to back in the day).   A major reason for this is because people have trended towards spending more money on the entertainment, amusement, accomodation and recreation activities market. Though I'm not an expert on why that is, I can tell you that average american employment in this industry has actually increased substantially in the last 50 years, however this employment increase is dwarfed by the exponentially larger increase in spending in this industry.   There are other industries (ie electronics) like this that american consumers have trended towards, though these services and products are not included in the CPI. This is what creates the whole "I dont have enough money issue"   So basically, according to the government's consumer price index, the reason why we can't afford the basic  "american dream" is because we spend too much money on things that we don't need.
1	I see so how is you multi million dollar company coming along? They are doing there best they can and they arent gonna hire john doe off the street who doesnt know a thing about pc's like some companies and at least they dont out source everything to india. The back burner topic is plague by every company obviously you never played wow and there have been times when the whole game as down for days where no one could play because of an issue so every company has those issue and wow is still down for 3-5 hours every tuesday for matience. You said you dont want free IP then why are you bringing it up, time when it has gone down i have gotten like 5-10 game IP boosts but I dont really care if I had it or not. 3 topic you brought up is slow tech support, I havent heard many horrible stories but most are taken care in a day or two I am sure that have more than a few issue a day to address. Server issues are server issue see topic 1 anwser.
0	I just recently won back some downvotes when in an athiest vs thiest debate. He downvoted every one of my posts because he disagreed with  him  me until I copypastad reddiquette rules for downvoting.
0	In middle school, they abandoned Wood Shop for something more modern, it was IT. So they didn't have to find a new teacher, they had the Wood Shop teacher teach IT. I have no clue how he was qualified but they probably didn't want to fire him because he had worked their for over 30 years. Well anyway, the whole class was on computers, obviously. Every time you needed help he would point on the screen and dig his finger into the screen until the point where the brand new LCD screen warped around his finger. I would just cringe every time.
0	Electrical engineering student checking in. During my last two years of high school, I had two math teachers. I had a huge conflict with one. She always had a strict preference on how to solve problems. I argued with her a lot. One math test, I got every single answers right but she gave me somewhere around 60. Her argument was that I didn't use the taught methods from the class, and my solutions weren't complete. Oh, I assure you, she knew I could simply get all the answers right without writing a single step down. She was far away from the bright individuals I've met. The other teacher on the other hand, had a degree from the most notorious engineering program in Canada. He simply didn't care about what methods I used or how reduced my answer was. In fact he encouraged me to do so as long as I get the right answers. He tried to understand my thought process, rather. He was the guy who could take the average of more than 10 numbers in his head. I don't remember how he did it but his way of doing it was a lot more elegant than mine, which was simply add-up-all and divide. He was one of the most insightful and intelligent people I've so far met, if not the most. The way math is taught in our school system is awful. I learned nothing from it, and I was only able to learn because of my awesome teacher. He taught us how to self-teach rather than telling us to copy off his solutions from the board and repeat them on his tests. One thing i really loved was that before the beginning of each chapters, he gave us a question related to them before we started learning them. I start questioning and making hypothesis. As more knowledge builds up, sometimes my assumptions turn out to be wrong, sometimes right. This helped me hugely. When my understanding of nature shatters is when I really start learning. A lot of people didn't like his style of teaching and they blamed their shitty marks on him and a lot of them dropped out of class. His grade 12 physics class started with about 12~13 people, in less than two months the nearly half the people were gone. Bitch about the shitty education system. Most people don't deserve it.
0	Before i went to college i was a medium beta. No serious relationship for various reasons and only had sex with two girls. I was always kinda awkward. I would have random bouts of depression and self confidence issues.  But as soon as i moved onto campus i up and decided to just up and turn my way of thinking around. Every woman who looked at me was checkin me out and everything i said was smooth as fuck. Eventually i started believing my bullshit and that false confidence turned into real confidence. Three or four girls later and i invite an old high-school friend up for a party. One thing led to another and here we are almost 6 months later and talking about marriage.
1	I feel like a reward system like this would drive people to play certain champions to get rewards that they really want, someone could want a Kha'zix icon but they're pure rubbish at Kha'zix, so they try to get better and end up costing many people either promotions games or what ever else. Though this issue wouldn't be a problem in normal's but if they did that there'd be a ranked version of these rewards which as i said could/will cost people time and wins.
0	Home plate existed as a term at least as far back as the 1870/1880s. It wasn't shaped like a pentagon until approx. 1900, if my baseball memory is working.
1	His rotation is a little off however. You should be going Q first, then R while the Q is in the air to use your passive, then either W or E (W if he's almost out of range, E if he is dueling you), then Q again, then whichever of W or E you didn't do before. Then you AA until your Q comes off CD again and you can use it a third time (this will usually be 1 AA, 2 max).
0	E. Coli is introduced to beef when intestinal contents mix with processed beef. This is much more likely to happen with ground beef than with steaks, where only the outer cut area is exposed. This is also the area that is cooked thoroughly, even with "rare" cooked steaks.
0	I was on a business trip to a training class, and all the people attending stayed in the same hotel near the training facility. Everyone went out for drinks the night before class. The bus to take us to training was to be outside the hotel, and leaving at 8am sharp. Anyone not on it, missed the class. This was a big deal seeing as how the company paid for everything, flights, rooms, transportation, per diem, and the class. Well i got shitfaced. Like whiskey chased by beer all night shitfaced. Finished up at 2am arguing with locals outside. Made it up to my room somehow and passed out on top of the covers, completely clothed. I set no alarm. I woke up completely at 7:45am and made it outside to the bus at 8:01 when the bus started moving. They stopped and let me on. I threw up multiple times in the bathroom during training.
1	I was placed in plat 4, and got teams that fed to the point where I wish there was a surrender button at 15 minutes until I dropped to plat 5. So this caused my MMR to become shit. Now, I can't queue without getting teams that are going to lose no matter what unless i play something somewhat broken like teemo or fizz.
1	I personally would like to bring up how you said they can pretty much be in each others heads without needing to talk because I've had a similar experience with that with a friend of mine. I pretty much taught him the game and played with him all the time and we used to lane together pretty much every single game and it was to the point where we'd know exactly how we both would react in the situations so we coordinated pretty damn well. Once you get synergy like that built up, which chauster and doublelift are making sure they have again like the old days, you really need to consider the cost of trading maybe a better talent for the time it will take for the synergy the old person had.
1	Or if you have a Twitter, tweet at them. And maybe draw them a picture, too.   I needed 1 RP for the debonair icon and was like "guess I need to draw riot support a picture now" and of course tagged league of legends. Riot support tweeted back at me that they take submissions via Twitter and actually ended up giving me 21 RP instead of 1.
1	I agree with this as harsh as it sounds. I've been 30 since nocturne was released, but still have never touched ranked. Why? because I for one do not yet have the complete abilitie to adapt and play all roles the may need to be filled in ranked. Ranked is for people who have at least 2-3 champs for every position, and have successfully learned the average skill needed to be successful in all roles, since one knoever knows what position they will be thrown into. I stay in normal and am currently trying to learn jungle, and hope to start ranked soon ( I am also scared of the bronzing I will most likely get) getting back I think the best thing that OP can do is play normal in the roles that he sucks at (letting his team know in advance or friends) and learning almost every role before ranked play. The game will stay fun, and solo queue wont eat him alive and possibly scare him away from lol before his time has come.
0	This thing is stupid small, there's no excuse for not knowing how to make an adviceanimal, it's stupid easy.     Did you even fucking read the blog post by /u/yishan or /u/alienth's post in /r/announcements? They were getting DMCA take down notices for the photos, they were legally obligated to comply or reddit would be shut down.       No government agency is forcing them to take down those subreddits so they don't. Reddit doesn't act morally, they only take down subs when it becomes clear that the subreddit is a function of something more. EG with jailbait it was CP, with the racist ones it was personal information, with the celeb leak ones it was DMCA take down notices.   The fact that everyone keeps spouting off this bullshit just shows what little amount of redditors actually fucking read the shit that they comment on.
0	That's...true?  Kinda?  The problem with the statement is that being significantly overweight is so unbelievably bad for your health that just losing all that fat improves your life expectancy even if you don't do anything to improve cardiovascular/digestive/muscular/osteological health.  This is why I like to remind people that they can lose fat without doing any exercise at all, so if hatred of exercise is the thing keeping them from losing the fat, just do it with diet.
0	It sets a precedence.  I'm a 6'8" 240 pound basketball player, I don't think there are many women on earth who could beat me up.  However, if any girlfriend or significant other hit me, or attempted to harm me, that puts me in a horrible spot.  Even though there are very few women who could probably beat me up, probably 99.999% of them could easily inflict pain on me if they truly wanted to.   Let's say that my SO attempts to hurt me, but she doesn't inflict any pain and I just take it.  What will happen next time?  Well, being that she set out to cause me pain and failed, if she is truly attempting to hurt me, she will obviously try something more slightly more painful.  I have already set a precedence that she can attempt to hurt me and I will simply take it.  So, as you can see, this becomes a cycle that culminates to the point where my SO is now causing me actual pain.   Don't get me wrong, I'm not advocating for men to deliver haymakers to their SO's when they get playfully slapped.  All I'm saying is that if a person comes at me trying to inflict actual damage, their gender plays no role in my decision making in how to act.
0	Did this at work. Smoked the entire break room and the managers' office. Scared the shit out of the store manager who was about to grab a fire extinguisher before I told her I got this. Stairwell fire exit had to be left open all day and you could smell the charred noodles in the floral department of my store (this is a grocery store). Management bought a new microwave the next day. A week later I asked to cross train into a better department (involving operation of a giant oven and machinery), to which I was obliged on the spot.
0	My buddy was never a good student, but definitely one of the smartest guys I know. In high school calculus, he would plow through a test and get a near perfect score. One test, he was taking longer than usual. After class, I asked him about it, curious as to what the hold up was. He said he forgot the material and had to reteach himself the past 2 weeks' worth of lessons.   The teacher marked one of his problems wrong, simply because he didn't use her method, but rather one he made up on his own. After arguing with the teacher for a good 30 minutes, they decided to look it up and see if his new method was a viable solution. Turns out, not 5 years earlier, a man earned the Nobel Prize in mathematics for proving this method existed and worked.
0	Time to chime in on the topic with my own personal experience.   4 years of long distance here. Long, long, long distance.   I am from California and my SO is English. We met on MySpace(archaic, I know) and didn't meet each other for 9 months when she came to Cali, all while both playing it as a full blown dedicated relationship. We didn't see each other for another six months when I went to England. Then another 6 I went back again.   Cue extra seriousness... we planned a marriage. Building for getting married we spent a year and a half apart. All the while, nothing but Facebook and Skype to work with.   I landed in the beginning of July, this year, married July 30th. Writing this as she dances in her pajamas to my left.
1	I'm not saying there's nothing he could do, but are you saying there's nothing you could do? You don't play solo queue to improve your teammates, but to improve yourself. A very small portion of the LoL community browse reddit, and most that do have a general idea of how the game works.   If you're not overexaggerating(which you are), the enemy mid must have been much more skilled than yours. You can't fix that by raging, typing, making angry posts or quitting the game. The only way you can do anything is to take it in your own hands and either help top or bottom snowball hard, or help your mid lane get back in the game.   The attitude you have towards this is the one that makes league of legends toxic; that noone is allowed to get outplayed. Sure, Akali wasn't a good sport either, but that doesn't stop you from muting her and moving on with the game. Just accept the fact that some players are better than others. Some times people have a bad game. Some times people actually do have unexpected lag.
0	One of my dad's old bosses took his wife, her son, and his two kids to McDonald's one night after some event or another. They all wanted to get home after a long day so they just utilized the drive-thru. They place the order: three hamburger happy meals, a number one, and a 6 piece nuggets. They pay, get their food, and drive home.   Now this man, while brilliant with investments, had either no common sense or something. They drive 45 minutes home to the otherside of town, passing FOUR OTHER MCDONALD'S LOCATIONS THAT WERE ALSO OPEN, go inside their house, sit the kids down at the table, and open up the order. They're missing a happy meal.   He gets upset he didn't get the food he paid for. So he pulls out the phone book, looks up the location they'd visited, and calls. He asks for the manager, explains the situation, to which the manager apologizes and offeres to have an entire order ready for them. He declines because it's such a long drive and states he only wishes to speak with the person who handed out the order. He was calm the entire time so, possibly due to his calmness or the ineptitude of the manager on duty, they put him in the phone with this 16 year old girl who handed him his food.   "Yes, my name is (redacted). I came through your drive-thru with my wife and our three kids. We've had a very long day, my kids are hungry, I'm hungry, my wife is hungry, amd we're all extremely tired. Your locarion is 45 minutes away from our house, so driving back out there is currently beyond my means. So what I wamt you to do, to make this entire scenario better, is to get on the phone with my kids, and tell them which one isn't going to eat dinner tonight and why."   He then handed the phone to his son.   Having worked fast food for over ten years, I can honestly tell you those are the kinds of people that call.   Edit:
0	The soccer photo is amazing because of his size AAAND the fact that he really looks like he knows what he is doing.  I know a lot of bigger people (myself included) who were very athletic back in the day and can school athletes at various sports.  Spoiler alert: coordination stays even if the body betrays.  The soccer dude looks like one of said people.
1	Firstly, I don't play much Cass, but it seems like building Gunblade/Muramana/and a Sheen item (Lich or Tri) would be more profitable now, as the Muramana will increase ad, and as many champs don't benefit greatly from WotA, getting Gunblade would still provide the spell vamp and better auto farming/trading. The extra ad would provide more incentive to use Lichbane/Tri (depending on full build ad, not sure whether Tri/Lich would provide more damage). Also, the Gunblade active would be nice with her q speed boost, making escaping/chasing easier, and the added lifesteal would help sustain in-lane. I think that having Muramana, Gunblade, Rylais, Sheen Item, Sorc shoes, Dcap would be decent, although that's just my view.
0	I am not a doctor, but I can get depressed (I do not have depression, but experience moments of being slightly depressed), and feel like video games exacerbate the feeling.  The reason being that when I play video games, I am happy and content for the time being.  After 10 hours flies by of playing Diablo III or what not, I realize "Holy shit! I accomplished nothing today, I am kind of a piece of shit".  I have recently cut back my gaming by 95% - went from playing 30 hours a week to 2 hours a week (I can't maths) - and I feel like my mood and attitude has improved tenfold.  Now I am not saying "Don't play video games!", but if you are feeling in the dumps, do something productive, even if it is only for a short period of time such as 30 minutes.  This could be reading a book you enjoy or that is educational, doing some light excercise, maintaining a social relationship you value, cleaning your house/room/apartment/bathroom, doing something nice for someone, build something, etc.  Please note that "productivity" does not include working for a paycheck.  That is something you do to feed yourself and not something you do for yourself for betterment.  If you spend a small amount of time doing something productive each day, you will feel much better about yourself when you reflect back on the day, thus curbing some of the feelings of depression.
1	i was like that for 1 year,only watching streams/lcs ... Why? I didnt want to suck at it and destroy other people games ( i have a lot of bad experience in one other game with tanks and bad players) so i wanted to learn basics ...   I hit lvl 30 1week before s5 start and im curently in promo for s2,i still suck at mehanics (can only play j4,Vi and leona good,other champs not so much) but i think that my map awareness is better than most in my ELO.
0	I will agree with some of your points, however, if someone has sex with another person, knowing they are in a relationship, I still feel this makes them a bad person.   I've had the "don't you trust me?" argument thrown at me a few times when I was warned by people that she was a cheater. And I let my ego get in the way until I caught her. But I still feel like the person she slept with has no argument. They slept with my girlfriend, knowing that she was supposed to be committed to me. That is not a good person and while in a way, they did me a favor, they're still just as much of a piece of shit as my cheating ex.
0	Wasn't meant to be taken seriously dude, a joke on the topic of anime fans. Avatar was pretty awesome though. Inspired a lot of emotions and made me laugh quite a bit. There were lots of lovable characters that you genuinely end up caring about. I don't know how to break down the show into
0	See MorsMiles comment below, but ask what the typical day is like, if there are core hours and what flexibility is offered in working around them. Ask what a typical project cycle is like, if it's applicable, and what sorts of tasks you'll be handling each day, week, or month. Where I work, most people will work the core hours of 7:30-4:30, often adjusting that by a half hour here and there. My group works longer hours most days, going from 7:15-4:30, 5:00, but we take off a little bit earlier on Fridays. Lately, I've been working until 5-6 every night because I'm finishing up a project, but my boss sees that and makes it clear (as he did when I interviewed) that it's noticed by him and that gives me flexibility to come in later or leave far earlier (2, 3pm) some days. It's all about communicating in absolute terms. When I was hired, I told them I had no problem working 45 hour weeks normally, 50 hour weeks as needed, and occasionally rising above that if necessary. What I didn't want was coming in on Monday to hear I'd be going from a 45 hour week to 60+ hour week indefinitely. This kills the motivation.
0	Sorry about the delay in the response, I traveled over half the contiguous USA yesterday-it gave me too much time to think about what to write.   I cut my father out of my life when I was 18.  He and my mother(wife #2, duration 16 years) had divorced when I was 7, and by the time I grew up, he was onto Wife #4 (duration unknown).  This was not just prompted by me finally being an adult, but also him moving across the country.  What kept me from doing it before then was my fear of telling him off, then running across him in the store.   When I was 25, business brought him through town, and he called me, invited me to lunch.  He'd had to call me at work, because he did not have my number.  I accepted, and when we met at the restaurant he asked me "Is your mother still flea-bitten out in the sticks?"  This may not have been the first question he asked, but it is the one that sticks in my brain the most.  My mother is a homesteader in Alaska, and while she may not have running water in her house (they tried, but couldn't get the well digging truck up the giant hill), that does not mean she is incapable of being clean.  I vocally let him know that that sort of talk was unacceptable and if he continued, I would walk out.   At the end of the conversation, he said that he realized that I was not open to reconciliation, and that he would not try to contact me again, but that I was welcome to contact him at any time.  I am now 30, and have a 3 year old of my own.   There are times when I regret it, but it's more like the whole situation then just my own actions.  More like 'why he'd have to be like that?'  I'm pretty sure that if he were allowed to see his granddaughter, he would not make her ashamed of her emotions like he did to me, but.....there's this inertia that's taken hold.  And it's a comforting stillness, for I have not had an ulcer since he's left.  I don't hide in the back of the closet anymore when I cry(so he couldn't see my tears).  He was never violent, but you can hurt with your words, too.   Also, I have gotten in contact with my elder abandoned half-brother from Wife #1 (duration 4 years).  When my father left her, he denied my brother.  The whole "I have no son" thing.  But we found each other through Facebook, and now I've gotten to know his family and my rocking awesome niece.  So I guess I've gained more family than I've lost?   Plus, I've always been an advocate of your friends are your family.  And they are the ones that I spend every Thanksgiving with, and it's wonderful.
0	As a mildly hearing-impaired person I can relate. I cannot distinguish words when multiple people are speaking at once. Or when there's a radio or television playing through a conversation.   I also have to focus really hard when people are mumbling or talking in a direction away from me to piece together what the few sounds I hear meant.   When I ask a group of people what was just being said; one of two people respond:   Person type 1 faces me, repeats what was said in a clear voice while no one else is talking at the same time, I get it, I'm happy.   Person type 2 starts yelling at me, emberassing me, making it even harder for me to understand. Yelling does NOT improve clarity! I'm hearing impaired, not volume impaired. I hear as loud as anyone else - the only thing I'm missing is a broad range of tonal frequencies. It's quite like shining flashlights into the eyes of someone who has bad sight.
1	Platinum Teams are somehow the highes League in the system, this is a bug. If u have a Diamond Team and a Plat I'll show the Plat on your friendlist and so on.
1	If your client crashes before the rest of your team is in the game, and then you attempt to reconnect it will not let you. Only once both teams are on the rift will it allow you to reconnect.
0	I almost had it twice. My appendix ruptured and I went walking around with it for 3 days before going to the hospital. Due to the infection that was caused by the rupturing, the doctors feared that slicing me open to remove it would be a risk to my further health. So after being in the hospital 3-4 weeks, I was released and went home for almost a month.   Fast forward time for my C.T. Scans a week prior to my surgery: I get scanned and they rush me to the hospital, turns out my appendix had healed, and was about to rupture again. I get there and I get it removed before it ruptured again.
0	I've never understood it.   When I was 14, I was accused of molesting my niece. Ended up having to go through a big investigation by CYF(Child, Youth and Family), Interviews, one on one talks etc. In the end they concluded that nothing had happened and she was told that falsifying that sort of information can lead to court appearances.   After that we lost contact with that part of the family. She refused to let any of the 4 children see their grandparents and tried her best to keep my brother away from the family. Only now, 10 years later have we had contact with my brother. He left her because she cheated on him and now he doesn't even have any contact with his own children.   I love my nieces and nephews like my own children. Considering I'll probably never have kids of my own, they're the closest I'll get.
1	This whole thing screams scam/fake. You don't  actually elaborate what you want to do in E-Sports nor what you posses aside from passion, which is not very accurate either. You can't just say you have a passion for E-Sports, that is like saying you have a passion for Football. Do you like playing it? Watching it? What aspects and why?   You aren't telling us anything except for you sob story- which just seems like an attempt  to gain sympathy.  Also, all your comments have been so  kind  and  thankful  to the point of feeling fake and insincere. Also, all your comments have been so  kind  and  thankful  to the point of feeling fake and insincere. You just seem like you're trying to get a free ride/money.
0	And that's when you say: "you're a lot bigger than my ex too but hey i'm not complaining"
1	Alright.   First you have to realize that it's not possible to compare Nguyen to another english word since in itself Nguyen is a pretty fucking strange word.   The problem is mostly that in vietnamese there exist combinations of letters that are not pronouncable in english, for example "Ng". That is because vietnamese didn't always use the latin alphabet and not even that long ago it looked like chinese symbols.   Even though "Ng" consists of the letter N and G it actually sounds like neither of them. But if I had to choose it'd sound a little bit more like G. G as in great, goat, game. NOT G as in giant, gym.   Now why Ng (Ngyuen) and not simply G (Guyen)? Because when you pronounce Nguyen you kinda halfpronounce a N but dont say it out loud. Try pronouncing the letter M without saying M out loud. Now do the same to N and connect it with a spoken G. Sounds hard right?   Then there is another problem the Y right after the U. It is commonly pronounced ooh eeh en in three different syllables but actually its pronounced in one go. Uyen. A similar pronounciaton would be Wii from Nintendo Wii. Say Wii out loud without the W and you get a similar sounding "uy". And from there just follow up with a quick crisp N with a big emphasis on the E in "en".   But wait there's more! In vietnamese there are symbols like ~ and ^ which determine how to spell a letter. It's actually spelled Ngūyên. If you don't pronounce it in this certain way it will mean something different. That got taken from the French I think.   Now try this. Apply everything I just told you and I guarantee you still won't pronounce it correctly. That's why Nguyen as a word is just shit in english.   This is the only way to pronounce Nguyen RIGHT  by the way. It is original vietnamese in literature, media etc. In all dialects it is pretty much the same throughout Vietnam. The reason why some people see conflicting pronounciations of Nguyen is because they're mixed with english. "Win" "When" "Nee goo yen" and all that shit is false. It's what english speaking vietnamese grow up with that is why they think it sounds similar to that. Either that or they intentionally pronounce it wrongly so americans have an easier time pronouncing it themselves.
0	While I agree, OP seems to be going for the low hanging fruit making fun of the people who argue the most extreme and idiotic versions of these arguments. While there are people who argue for the most extreme versions of these statements, I think there are plenty of non virgin, non sheltered, adults who could intelligently argue the underlying sentiments behind the two issues. Such as "you should try to be financially stable before you have kids" or "regardless of the attackers gender you have a right to self defense."
0	I'm amazed at how focused so many people are about minute spelling errors, that they completely disregard the topic, and have to sate their superiority complex by drawing attention to it.
1	I had a chat ban when they were sent out. I thought oh well, only 20 games, it won't be too bad. I was nice to people, as always, but I keep getting chat bans as fast as they are gone. I was extra careful with my latest one. I did my best not to say something that might upset someone - most soloq players are always on edge and snap at anything. I've done nothing wrong, nothing to be disrespectful. I logged in today with a 71 game chat ban.
0	For the uninformed: The reason you get such divergent opinions about Detroit is because of a whole lot of gentrification the past ten years.   Midtown and downtown have been revitalized like whoa and you'll feel safe there because a lot of the money is there (and therefore, a ton of cops). But that's only about 6 square miles or so...   Then you got the East side which is Dresden 2.0 And then you get the westside which is not so bad but just really really sad. And then you got southwest Detroit, which is somewhere between the two.
1	Yea, but to be fair, if your getting reported consistently then you probably are doing something to piss someone off. Even if you just get rolled and feed every game and you say sorry, then in my experience most people won't report you. If you turn around and start telling them what their doing wrong, or blaming the jungler, while you might be totally right, thats what will piss people off for the rest of the game, so they remember to report you.
1	i play in diamond 1 and nidalee needs some tweaks, theres a reason why i ban her every game i'm in.   it doesn't matter if your mirco is bad or incredibly good if your defending a tower and nidalee is chunking spears  eventually  you or your teammate is going to get hit then, there's truly no avoiding it 5 people at a tower and nidalee throwing spears its going to happen sooner or later, even pros get hits by spears constantly you truly cant avoid every spear. And then when you do get hit by a spear one of these will happen.   A) you a fight a team fight with someone that has 1/4th health.   B) your teammate goes back and now the enemy dives 5v4.   IMO nidalee is a fine champion i just think her spears are literally stupid to have in a game like league, also her spears have 0 risk.   I wouldn't mind if they nerf her spears but then give her armor/MR back, she will need it but as of right now her spears are just stupid with literally 0 counterplay, a banshee veil has a 25 second CD and one of nidalee's teammates can probably easily poke that off.
1	This is so false. In my time of playing league for 2 years I have never once received RP for server issues, and I've gotten IP boosts 2 or 3 times for widespread server issues. Which EUW has gotten as well. I wish this whole "NA gets everything; EUW gets nothing" circlejerk would just stop. Likewise, KR is run by a very separate entity AFAIK so whatever they give out is not comparable to what happens in NA/EUW/EUNE.
0	The only drowning scare I've ever had (I am a very strong swimmer), I was in Mazatlan, Mexico and a rip tide carried me out. I knew to swim parallel to shore, so I did that. Problem was, I was swimming parallel to shore  against  the current, which was making it even harder. I knew it was important to swim parallel to shore, but in state of panic and exhaustion, I did not realize which way the tide was going.
1	attack speed glyphs are good on any ad carry if you dont expect ap mids to gank you often and their jungler is ad. some ad carries can use attack speed reds but you sacrifice the ability to last hit under turret if you dont go pure ad on reds/quints and it wont help in a short trade in lane (1-3 autos).   cait is one of the few ad carries i wouldnt mind atk spd reds and maybe quints on because cait normally pushes the wave due to her passive/constant harrass making minions aggro you instead of other minions. Also cait in lane pokes with autos for free more often than most ad carries, so there isnt anything wrong with atkspd reds and maybe quints, but generally pure damage will help more.   however, i think armour yellows are by far the best choice for runes as an ad. you cant expect to get free harass off on the other ad carry all the time, and when he hits back, its gonna be attack damage (minus ez and corki and varus a bit). the amount of atkspd you get from yellow runes is nothing in trades where you trade 1 for 1 or 2 for 2 on autos. therefore, the trade will be more in your favor if you got armour to mitigate his damage from autos. the yellows also help a bit on ganks and occasionally can save you or make you trade kills on a dive instead of dieing for free.
0	I was thinking Australian, but truth be told; I don't know the difference.
0	That's what my experience was like but then I found the joy of subreddits. There's so many of them that you can easily find one that lets you participate without feeling like the guy trying to jump into the middle of a conversation. Plus smaller communities generally are free from the social pressures of the rest of the hivemind so you can just talk about stuff without feeling the need to shove memes down people's throats just to get noticed.
0	ok, well. damn good explanation, son. carry on.
0	This happened to me the very first time I ever went to my girlfriends house to meet her family.  She had warned me prior to arriving: Don't shit in the downstairs bathroom. I forgot about that.   We get there and it's great.  Her dad loves me, her little brother loves me, her little sister and mom love me.  Even her family dog loves me.  We;re all hanging out in front of the fireplace watching a movie and laughing and joking and the familiar feeling begins to stir in my guy.  I politely excuse myself and head to the bathroom.  I didn't realize it at the time but they were all giving each other sly looks.  So I poop.  I wipe.  I flush.  But the toilet, she doesn't go down.  In fact, it starts filling up even more.  I panic; I try holding the handle down,  nothing .  Water still rising, now brown and chunky.  I wash my hands, burning myself in the process (their 'hot' tap gets to  hot  faster and hotter than anything else in the world).  I go out and my girlfriends dad is standing there, arms crossed, looking very stern.  " DID YOU CLOG MY TOILET, SON? " he says.  This is the first day I've met him.  He's as tall as I am (6'4") but BUILT, and he was in the Vietnam war.  He's got a gut, but he's strong as an ox.  Now he's standing in front of me, arms crossed, looking angry as fuck. My girlfriend comes in from behind him; "Oh no, mighteee what have you done?!"   I'm standing there pale, all blood gone form my face, embarrassed as hell, when her little 8 year old brother loses it and starts laughing, "HAHAHA IT DOES THAT ALL THE TIME!" So her dad gets me a beer and plunges the toilet for me.  Hilarious.  I'm still with her.
1	I have never once been raged at for what I build or play. More often than not it's an issue of how you are playing and people will call you out if its not working. You start stacking BTs on lissandra and feed horribly and people probably won't like that. Every player in this game likes to point fingers at someone else for why they are losing. If you happen to be building something really strange and aren't doing well because of it, 9/10 times they'll point at you.
1	What usually works for me, is if I see some one "giving up" telling them that if they are going to lose anyway they may aswell try as what have they got to lose.   This also works for objectives, if your a 0/8 adc keep pushing. who cares if you die, you are worth like 30g anyway as long as you dont get a kill, so many times i have just taken a pink and started baron when we are 20 kills behind and come back from the gold + buff.
0	I'm actually very happy. :D  My comment wasn't about protecting my self esteem.   I am, however, finding doing something related to biking difficult and hear the "just do it" a lot (I'm trying almost every day but it's a slow progress for me). It is possible that I was sensitive because I don't like that attitude. I do like it when people say, for example, "just make sure you're pushing the pedals hard when you try it." I do NOT appreciate "I've been doing it since I was 7, just do it."
1	I typically tend to stay away from these types of posts because in my mind they are usually just some sort of high school drama type news in correlation with a video game.   I looked at the footage, and let me just say.. Irelia was being a galactic cunt, constantly putting riven down with snide comments and shit.. Seriously, how old is that kid. I use the term kid because no adult would act that way.   Now for the "werecat", I used to govern a forum with roughly 5000 active/constant users+, dealing with this type of shit is annoying and power can get to your head which obviously did in this scenario. But when you have the ability to just eliminate the problem and not give a damn you typically will.   According to the "Code" they were both in the wrong and should both be punished.. I have a feeling that my post will be like the others and just down voted and shit but honestly.. If you want fairness then fairness should be it, but seeing as the majority are saying he is the victim, then fairness isn't what you want and you're more interested in the drama..   Here's a great code to implement Riot, it goes a little something like this... Rule 1: Don't be a dick Rule 2: Seriously, don't.. Rule 3: Obey all rules!!
0	Backstory:  My mom is like a walking fountain of youth. She looks exactly the same right now as she did 20 years ago. One secret to her youth is applying inhumane amounts of creams and lotion to her face every night to deal with wrinkles. Another secret is defeating pimples before they become a problem. Although it is not "scientifically supported," toothpaste  does  contain a few ingredients known to dry out pimples. I made fun of her for many years until I gave it a try myself and have to say I do like the results.
1	In my personal opinion, as being self appointed leader, Regi needs to take some courses in team work and leadership, and also management. This would help the entire team out greatly, Regi the most.   Being able to correctly articulate his points in a manner that wouldn't set the other players on edge would be a huge advantage the their team, as he's maiming their progress greatly right now.   A leader should adapt his style depending on which member of the team he is dealing with and how they prefer work, not the other way around.   Arguing isn't helping at all and is a useless exercise that puts every single member of the team on tilt.
0	i had the exact same thing happen to me earlier this year. this girl just started at my work a few months after me. we became "best friends" almost right away, and got quickly emotionally attached to her, mostly because we'd hang out like all day every day. so i figured she might like me. then a week or two later, she talks about this guy she likes, how they went on a date and all this nonsense.   to this day she has no idea i ever liked her, at all. at least i've never told her, and i don't plan to.   it did work out oddly though, ended up going to a nightclub with her and a friend from work, and one of her friends, and its worked out so well with this girl that i'm theoretically dating her. i mean she already said she'd date me and jargon, we're both just so busy that i can't find a good time to take her out on one.   when i do though. very soon, i hope.
0	This is gonna be a long-ass text post, so here goes:   I'm a Korean-Canadian (moved to Canada at an extremely early age) and the cousin in question lives in South Korea.  After a huge fiasco with between her parents and mine, we were not on speaking terms for a couple of years. So the story in question was passed on from her parents to a different aunt (that we  are  on speaking terms with), and then forwarded to us, so I'm not entirely sure about the specifics.   So apparently she and her boyfriend were trying to get to this one supposedly excellent restaurant, like the ones that are showcased on TV so people would go and have a try.  This sole restaurant so happened to be in a more poorer area (so I'm not sure if "ghetto" is the right term?). The "poorer area" is like a few streets wide, and the area surrounding it is rich as hell  (like Gangnam I suppose, with shopping centres everywhere and such)   I guess she thought it was okay to trust the restaurant with her car, but it turned out to be just a random guy wearing a fancy suit. They didn't know what happened until after eating their meal and waited outside for the guy for like 10 minutes until they realized something was up.   I heard they filed a police report or somethin, but IIRC, Seoul's police are slow to act, given how overpopulated and chaotic the city can be.   And again, this story was passed on from the cousin to her parent, the parent to my other aunt, my aunt to my parents, and my parents to me. And also given how bad my parent's English is and my Korean is, I'm assuming some parts were either exaggerated/removed.   And I'm sorry for my overuse of parentheses.
0	Take it from a guy who's mom and stepdad would routinely have lobster and other fancy meals while us kids got store-brand mac-and-cheese (Kraft was "too expensive"), this shit hurts. I don't give a fuck who's making the dinner. I would have made it myself! Was I a bratty teen-ager? I'd like to think that I was just hurt by the fact that some jerk she met two years prior (and who beat her, no less) got better food then her own children on a regular basis.   What does this have to do with the OP? Stop assuming that the kid described is acting entitled. Maybe he's sick of chicken nuggets after having had them for nights on end while his mother buys her expensive cookies every day. Maybe he could have gotten pizza pockets if his mom got the Keeblers that day. Maybe he feels like he's burdening his parents because of all this, and his friend is submitting this so that he can show him the comments and through them how his mother's behavior isn't right.   Life as a kid isn't all fun and games. I would never return, not even if I could somehow game it to my advantage. Having to rely on someone I didn't quite trust for everything was a nightmare! God, and especially so when other adults used to bitch me out for being ungrateful. I didn't even know what I was supposed to be grateful  for ! The lectures and endless ridicule? The constant punishment for thoughts I never articulated (including my all-time favorite "you think you know more then me, don't you. Well fine, you're grounded")? The knowledge that my siblings would take the heat if I wasn't there to soak it up for them? How is asking for  Kraft  when they got  lobster  and  prime rib  being spoiled? How retarded was my angst and depression? At least now when I buy crappy food I don't have to deal with people telling me how awful I am because I'd prefer to be eating stuff that tasted better.   All that said, you're right. Maybe I should have just been grateful that she was the one cooking the mac-and-cheese that night, despite the smell of seafood from down the hall... aha, yeah, right. Rest assured that I've forgiven my mother... but I'll be damned if I ever forget. Remember this if you're a parent. I mean, at least don't let your kids know about how you're enjoying your food while they aren't.
0	Ok reddit so here is a History lesson for you. Henry the 8th did not create   a new church so he could remarry. Martin Luther started the reformation of the Church based on a conflict of ideologies with Catholicism. A movement that was gaining popularity across europe particularly in Germany. The reformation moved towards a more literal interpretation of the bible and less away from the man made doctrines and subjectiveness of catholicism. Sure this made it easier for Henry to get his divorce but is a part of a larger more complex historical discourse than this meme portrays.
1	I think they have a struck a fantastic balance.   PD is a superior item, but the build path is more expensive and it doesn't offer the waveclear of SS.   If you're behind with a zeal, it's often worth it to snag the SS for the earlier powerspike rather than snag a cloak of agility and keep saving for your PD.   Let's say you're a Vayne on a low waveclear team. The early game hasn't gone well for you, and now you are being seiged under your tower. Shiv is the perfect item for this.   Plus shiv builds out of Avarice blade, an item more and more players are snagging early for the passive extra gold and then finishing into a Ghostblade or SS later in the game.
1	It's because Alex Ich said one of his options is going to Brazil (due to visa's advantages). Except Kabum (and Kabum Black, its sister team) are relatively stable so very improbable. Since we have foreign player limitations  (only 2 foreigners per team are permitted) the only team with foreign spots available (and can afford Alex) would be CNB, but they have mid and are desperately in need of top and jung.
0	Scumbag teacher story:   He had a crush on my girlfriend at the time and didn't like me, literally for no reason except that. I turned a paper in, on time and he have me a B-. She literally copied what I put, turned it in 2 weeks late and he CIRCLED my entire synopsis (on her paper) saying it was a wonderful and insightful look for the movie. Gave her an A+. I was furious and I should have just ratted all of us out but I didn't want to get in trouble sacrificing my "academic integrity".   There was more instances like this. I would fight him if I ever saw him outside of school. Stupid bitch acted like she deserved it to.
0	Files in torrents aren't stored in servers, instead they are sent from one person's computer to another person's computer. Which requires seeding, which is sending the file you downloaded from another person to even more people so that they too could get it, that's what ensures that everyone who want it get it and that the files remain available to download. And even if someone is already seeding but has a low upload speed(or there are simply a lot of people downloading) then extra seeders will allow people to download faster, whereas once servers(direct links) reach their upload speed limit then there's no way for the people downloading to get the files faster. Not to mention if instead of using a server to share files as direct downloads, the server seeds a torrent that contains these files then the downloads won't depend on either the server nor the seeders alone, if there's at least one then the file can be downloaded.
0	Bullshit, I ran into one of my bullys at my 20 year highschool reunion, and he picked right back up where he left off. He started laughing and said we should have gotten a locker there to stuff me into for old times sake. I told him that perhaps I should just retrieve my handgun from the parking lot and FUCKING kill him. I think the way I was trembling and smiling made him nervous as he shut the fuck up and suddenly went to the other side of the banquet hall.  I knew I shouldn't have gone, bit I thought maybe people change and that it would be good for me to see that. Whole experience set me back :-(
1	Hey guys, Lee is kind of my go-to jungler since forever, however i always had this problem with him, i feel like nomatter what i build i can't really affect the game when it gets to lategame(unless im like destroying and 1 shotting everyone), it feels like if you build offenses you just die without doing anything, however if you go tanky it feels like you are just the tank who will die or live depending on how well your team is doing, and if i wanted that Shen or Cho would do 10 times better and i don't really like this "version" of Lee.   Lately went for the defensive build alot and had a good amount of success with it, however i don't really enjoy it(i go Wriggles into Bulwark into Warmogs or Mallet and keep building defenses untill im pretty much full items, only then i will sell my wriggles and buy a BT but it usual ydosent get to that point)
1	Game 1:   Great game from libik and kubon(MVP),Makler's triforce pick mid-game to late game was pretty questionable,evelynn SoTG as well,czaru was okay.As far as CW goes,their team comp was really questionable as they picked nasus for the late game when a Full AD comp is BAD at late game because Nasus(same goes for Cait,Kha) wont be able to deal a lot of dmg if the enemy stacks only armor.Kha'zix seemed like a confort pick,same for Caitlyn pick and in general they prefered conforts picks over strong "meta" picks and thats what cost them the game.I really hope CW will step it up on Champ select,else we are going to have the "Gambit" effect again.
0	Oh crap.   Take a seat JuanJeanJohn. We need to have a talk   You know, all men go through a phase when they discover their body. They suddenly have a weird feeling in their special place. It's a tingly feeling.   This tingly feeling becomes an urge, it becomes a need, you need to do a special thing for your special place. So instinctively, you're going to touch it with your hand, and play with it. If you touch it once, you won't be able to refrain so easily, so you continue to play with your special place and it feels good, and you play with it until  BOOF!  a special type of sauce comes out of your special place, and when it  cums  comes out, it will feel ecstatic, orgasmic. This sauce isn't new though, you might've seen it before when you woke up. It's actually very common everywhere. Remember that time you found a weird deflated wet balloon in my bedroom? That's my sauce, it's nothing to be ashamed of, it's made of love. It  cums  comes in many shapes and forms, it could be wet and sticky like honey (that's when it's fresh out) or it could be dry and sticky and in chunks like an insect glue board, just like the things that were stuck on your feet that time you had a shower in my bathroom.   Now, you know the basics: The good feel of getting the sauce out, the touching sensation, and the sauce itself, but there's something unclear. You know that your special place grows sometimes and stiffens, almost like a tool, eh? Every tool has a place to fit and a method to use. Every screwdriver needs a screw, every nail goes through a hole. Where does your Auger belong? There must be a hole... girls have the holes for your key.   I know it sounds weird now, but trust me, it'll all make sense when you're older and it'll all come naturally.   Now, girls have special places too. But they're not like yours, they're weak, soft, mushy and they're actually holes. Remember when you were playing with Sophie the other day and you accidentally lifted her skirt and noticed she doesn't have a special place and you thought it fell off? It didn't, that's how it looked like, when you put your fingers in it and then spread it, didn't it feel weirdly good? It could feel even better.   Girls can feel tingly and orgasmic too, but in their holes. They have 3 usable holes, and 1 secret one. The one that you saw on Sophie is very nice for both of you to share, it's a full green light. Then you have the mouth, which is also great, full and bright green light. But then you have the harder to get hole, it needs a lot of practice and a lot of love and trust to get in it, but damn it's the best part. The secret hole, we can't discuss it now.   Girls are much more creative than boys when it comes to alone time, they could stick lots of things and feel good. Remember that time we told you not to eat the cucumber on the nightstand? That went in mommy's special place, and made her feel very good, also the time we told you not to eat the cabbage on the nightstand? Same thing. What about that time I shaved my head and bought only olive oil? You bet your ass we went wild.   Now, the penetration comes in. You basically stick your special place in any women's hole, maybe even more than one at a time. Of course you could spice things up by letting her use her hands on your special place, you discover those techniques later. And even later you'll get more advanced and learn the thumb up your butt technique.   Now, this is kind of a private task. You can't just propose it to any woman on the go, it requires time and effort and shitty pickup lines as jokes and a few drinks, then you could go wild, in the car, on the table, I'll even play tag teams with you in my bedroom.   After orgasming with your hand the first time, then trying your first girl, then plenty of other wild girls, you'd still want more. You'll go to special parties and see a lot of special places all around the place, and join anyone. Which brings us to your  question .   After trying so many types of people nonstop and going lots of places, you'll experiment. A bunch of guys'll convince you that "hey, let's try doing it together, don't knock it till you try it", it's usually 2 or more people, all men, and you don't know which position to choose. Now an  EPB  (End Piece of Bread type of person, that's a new thing now) would choose to be in the middle, to receive a special place in his butt and to put his special place in another man's butt. This determines your personality, whether you're an  EPB  or not.   Feel free to ask any question, don't be afraid. :)   Edit :
1	Im not going to downvote your post, but if I were it would be because I think it might make her too complex, maybe even a bit too strong, make her strong in a counter-logical way, and because I'm loving Elise's damage even now.   At the moment, if you can EWQ (human form) as Elise, you instantly turn to spider form, W for heal and Q as an execute if you can get it. With this empowered idea, Q (which would most likely only gain extra damage) would be a priority. W (if Rito took this idea on board) would be either some sort of oh-hit effect, or increased heal. The E idea could become dealing damage to the enemy she lands on, which could be interesting, but it's doubtful. So, we're left with extra Q damage or something on W. If it were on-hit damage, it would have to be substantial enough to outweigh an improved Q execute. If that's true then it might even overpower the Q damage, which just screws with her kit since the Q is meant to be that ability you rely on for damage.   In terms of complexity, while there are more complex champs mechanically, this would feel honestly like a rip-off of Rengo's ability to empower his abilities. Would it refresh the basic ability's CD when the empowered ability hits? Would it just go on CD? If it goes on CD it might feel counterintuitive and if not it's OP (execute execute?).   And finally I honestly think that Elise does good damage as it is. Her Q is great in both forms, her spider W is great for dueling, her human abilities have minimal cast times meaning you can throw it all out, R, then go ham in spider form, and, if you work her spider minions right, you cannot lose trades/fights against non-penetrative skillshots.
0	hahahah really in their mind they are thinking this:   white man in black neighborhood, he's here to buy drugs.  since he's white, we'll give him the get out of jail free card   flash lights   "hi, what are you doing around these parts?  well since you're white, we'll believe you're lost.  here's how you get back to the highway.  we'll follow you to make sure you're not going to loop back around to still buy drugs"
1	Decent video overall, but anyone bothered by how many mistakes they made? I can chalk them mistaking the lulu buff numbers( my god quas was off by a lot lol)   But, its pretty obvious they barely read the patch notes when lemon says Alistar will be good with new censor, and doesnt even mention Karma using it with her new shield he just talked about a few minutes ago   Good addition to the
1	Personally i disagree. I do agree veigar got overnerfed however the nerf on his E is well deserved, the E skill is the only thing i don't wanna see buffed(maybe sligh delay decrease). Yea, E is slow(still faster then nami Q) but still a strong AOE stun and it still is a strong skill.
1	Only blantant kill-stealing for me gets a "dude really?" type of reaction. In most circumstances, i don't care as long as the enemy champ is dead. Team fights, who knows what the fuck is gonna get that last hit in.   Situation A: 2v2 fight top lane, both jungles gank, shen and udyr vs. olaf and nunu. Udyr gets jumped, Shen ults in. While in the fight shen gets the kill on Nunu, np. A few seconds later, olaf is attempting to flee with ignite ticking and around 15 hp.   Shen flashes to get the kill - __ -   While yes the whole "kill secured" mindset can apply here, wasting flash for a kill that was already secured, makes this just bad and stupid.  Answer: Annoying and Dumb. Wasting a summoner or an ult on a kill just to get it is just plain stupid, and is just a selfish move to pad your stats.   Situation B:  Support and any AD carry are chasing down an opponent who is fleeing back to tower, everyone blows all summoners, support gets the kill. No issue here because the kill wasn't guarenteed. Answer: Fine. Getting a kill > no kill   Situation C: Support and AD carry have an opponent trapped, no chance of escape. Support takes the kill. Semi-okay, the carry would probably made better use of the gold, but okay. If done multiple times, or if the support waits to "last hit" the champ, thats bad.  Answer: Irks the carry but acceptable if it isn't a regular thing.   Situation D: Support gonks middle, tower dive! We must tower dive! Taric and kennen are diving karthus. Taric gets the kill.   Answer: Okay. In tower dives, all that matters is that you get in and out. No issue.   Situation E: Dragon-time! Fight at dragon, 4v5 or 5v5. Tons of damage everywhere. Somehow Shen gets a triple kill + drag for only 1 death.   Answer: Awesome! you just went 4 for 1 plus dragon! The inner bratty child of the AD and AP carry are irked by not getting the kills, and everyone is confused by the random shen damage output, but everyone is happy by the teamfight win.   Situation F: 1v1 fight top,Rumble vs. Chogath (poor Cho).  Rumble is chasing Chogath who has under 50 health through lane. Skarner jumps out of the jungle and gets the last kill.   Answer: DON'T DO THIS SHIT! If you know he's going to die. Blatantly kill stealing is quite annoying and takes away gold from the top laner who can just snowball it into a bigger advantage.   Situation G: Late game around 30 minutes in. Vladimir catches Ashe. Ultimate is ticking off and Vlad is going for that last Transfusion to kill her, guarantee baron, game etc.   SUP BRO! Out of left field, Talon flashes over the wall, Ults and then ignites the Ashe who had about 100 health. Takes the kill.   Answer: - __ -.   Don't be this guy. Don't waste your summoners and your ult on a target that is already dead. That flash might be needed later, that ultimate may be needed later. OKAY you're right, they won't contest baron because they can't win the fight, but man. its a dick move.   Situation H: Blitz and Vayne are fighting against Ezreal. Vayne and Ezreal are both incredibly low. Ezreal says "fuck it, i want a kill". Blitzcrank sits around waiting for Vayne to kill Ez, but she dies, and he then picks up the kill.   Answer: You have the right idea, but your teammate being alive is preferable to them being dead. I'd rather have my support take the kill than him let me die so he doesn't "steal it".
1	I got out of Plat by being ahead of the Meta,  watch Streams and pay attention to unconventional picks (for me it was Sunfire Kata top). Once you see something that you think works play it a bit in normals to figure out more advanced stuff (e.g. Matchups). If you still think my your Tactic/Pick is good take it to ranked,  and if you play it correctly you can use the benefit of surprise to win most of your games.
1	Scenario: Your team is behind, enemy team is heavy with heals/life steal. Lets pick a few enemies:     Swain Mid   Aatrox Top   Fiddle Jungle   Soraka Support   Caitlyn ADC       So lets say you're falling behind as an AD Bruiser and the enemy team makes a critcal mistake around the throw pit (Baron), and you find yourself with an excess amount of gold (2k+). For the sake of argument lets say you're Vi with Ancient Golem, Ninja Tabi, and a doran's blade or two. You're now leading your team in gold and the game hinges on you. What would be the most effective use of the gold?   Would you want to build? I find myself in similar situations often. Some say HP/resistances are a good way to go, but the heals make me contemplate building an Executioners Calling for the sake of grievous wounds. Raw damage such as BotRK or Hydra can also help out. Thoughts?
1	AD was nerfed by 5 and you no longer have mana regen. stats are worth ~1400g
1	Well I think Panth would be a decent counter for these reasons:     He has a ranged harass on a pretty low CD (Q)     He has a stun that he can activate from range (W)     His E is a short DoT       Basically, you can poke at her all day with Q and she can't do much against you. Also, since Panth is pretty bursty (I love QWEQ combo), you can drop her pretty quickly right after a few pokes, at least pre-6. Thus far, the only problem I see is that if you fail to kill her, she can retaliate pretty heavily (if she has enough health or the balls to take you on) or escape relatively easily (stun, run, and E as you toss spears).
0	Had a cat once who I would call fat all the time. (He was one obese kitty) Every few days or so, he liked to crap in front of my door. I didn't know why he chose that spot. One day I decided to be nice and pet him, and from then on, no more poo. Then one night, for whatever reason he thought it was wise to lay in the hallway in pitch black at 3 in the morning. I stepped on him on accident. That morning when I woke up, I had cat shit in front of my bedroom door again. Cat's are vindictive fucks and I hate them.
1	Vayne+Poppy: Popayne   Q: High base damage plus a % AD steroid?   W: Gain armor, AD and %max HP damage?   E: Nothing really changed.   R: invulnerable? Check. Invisible? Check. AD steroid? Check.
0	He may have implemented severely ineffectual abstinence programs in Africa, thereby giving money to people who shared his normative opinions on what sort of "sex ed" should be given   People always point this out, and I always feel like saying  so what ? His program  did  save lives, are pretty universally considered to be very successful and your dragging in the US sex-education debate doesn't change any of that. I understand the argument that he might have saved more lives if condoms had been stressed more than abstinence--I do. But are you aware of the religious climate of sub-Saharan Africa? Are you aware of the infrastructure problems in the region? Framing this in the context of the US sex ed debate is overblown and, frankly, Americentric. I seriously doubt the African people (with whom Bush was consistently popular throughout his presidency) care much whether his policies were progressive enough for your tastes.
1	Chat restrictions, bans, and any current punishments are merely quick fixes to the problem of "toxicity." Toxicity stems from different opinions and becomes an issue when neither side will back down to another's point of view. Needless to say toxicity actually resounds in every single person. Although a person who is a lot more verbal and harsher with his/her words will be punished, a player who can choose their words wisely yet still know how to irritate another player by their actions and or remarks will not be.  Some people don't handle criticism or any negativity well. Another problem is people also refuse to accept that their way does not work which may cause animosity within his own team. This player may not be "toxic" but their ignorance to the players around him will agitate someone else.
0	This is very true, it's very noticeable in online user reviews. People are more compelled to vent about negative things than good things(unless it exceeds expectations). There are probably tons of people who think, "oh that's nice." Unless it touches them on a personal level they won't feel moved to make a comment. A wife who shares your interests that's nice... GGG Canadian biker who helps a disabled person get unstuck from a curb, now that's touching (and far less common). Because of this the cynical assholes have a much larger presence in the comments. I'm going to start being more vocal when I see nice things.
1	He's not mana gated because of catalyst/RoA passive. Mana cost on W means he loses sustain from his passive due to less triggers, and the damage reduction on Q vs. minions will hurt his waveclear. If the damage reduction also applies to monsters, jungle gragas also gets removed.
0	This reminds me of a pretty funny story. My grandma has been a hairdresser for over 40 years and owns a hair salon. She normally does all of my haircuts for me, or has someone who works at her salon do them. I was spending some time with her one day and for whatever reason (i forget) she wanted me to get a haircut. The salon she owns was being remodeled so she took me to an Aveda hair salon.   While having my hair cut my grandma made a simple polite comment about something she wanted done with my hair. (something along the lines of "could you shorten 'this' up a little bit) This immediately set the hair stylist off into bitch mode. The stylist said it would look horrible if she did what my grandma had said. The stylist went on an arrogant tangent about how she was the "trained professional" and that my grandma should trust her "better judgement".   That was the first time I had ever heard my sweet old grandma swear. She called the stylist a bitch, very loudly in front of about 20 people in the Salon. My grandma then proceeded to let the stylist know about every mistake she made and that my grandma was a hairdresser for 40 years and owned a salon for 30+ years.   We ended up walking out without paying as a manager apologized about the stylist's behavior.
1	The only submission to "best non-meta discussion" that is actually a discussion, a substantial one at that, also the only one that is not a story, not a circle jerk, not a cat-fighting pissing contest, etc.   Also I haven't seen it before and seems like a very valid observation that actually warrants a bigger discussion.   Good going.   Also since you didn't include any information, for people looking for a
1	Well I DO care, because plenty of people I play LoL with are girls, but on the care scale of 1-10, I'm probably at about a 1.
1	From the site:   >Hi, For the better part of my life I‘ve been a dreamer. I wanted to be an astronaut, then I wished to be a mad scientist, after that I settled with being a casual scientist. Now I am content being a student in a lab and hopefully, climbing up the ladder when years go by.   >It doesn‘t matter that I lost my ability to dream – I just did that while playing video-games. I used to play a lot of games until I stumbled upon League of Legends – it stole my heart instantly. And this is when I created my first and only account. I cared for it dearly – never had I been banned, always had I watched what I‘m typing even when situations seemed really miserable and telling someone to munch on a big bag of d looked like the only solution. I felt flattered with every „teamwork“ or „honourable opponent“ I got, because, well, I knew I was worth it. This wasn‘t and still isn‘t just a game for me – I grew up together with this account. I learned how to work through difficulties to reach victory: how to be patient with people, how to help out your teammates, because no matter how unskillful they might look – these are the people you need to communicate with in order to reach the goal. I learnt that sometimes it‘s much better to stay silent and sometimes you need to be brave enough to call the shots at difficult moments with all the responsibility that comes together with the power. I remember when I was in my first job interview and I was asked a question: do you think you are able to work in a team? I almost started laughing, because this question seemed so naive when I was picturing teamfights and me looking out for everyone, shifting focus according to the situation, saving your teammates, eliminating enemies, maybe sacrificing someone or even yourself. I think League of Legends really taught me this crucial skill.   >However, not everything I learnt was in Summoner‘s Rift. After finishing high school a lot of my friends chose to study abroad and this game helped us to maintain our friendships – we were sharing our old experiences and creating new ones with the help of LoL. I spent countless nights arguing over the tactics with my best friends, we would be having LoL parties or watching World Championships all together for hours. This account symbolizes my best years – when I was laughing to tears from the hilarious rants enemies wrote, from crazy Blitz‘s hooks, from failed flashes or from stolen Barons with Janna‘s hurricanes. Of course, sometimes, I was so furious about the mistakes that I did, about the firstbloods that could have been averted, about the Zhonyas, which I used to remember after the fights and maybe lie a little when asked about it „was on cd, sorry“.   >Sadly, it is time for me to get a little bit older, leave the little girl that I was in the past and become a responsible woman. I need to write my Master‘s, I need to take care of my grandma, both financially and socially, I need to learn how to get to sleep without hearing „Welcome to Summoner‘s Rift“ at least once.   >Hopefully, you will take care of this beloved account just as I did.   >With love, >Leona
0	Nietzsche is rolling in his grave, K. Syphillis will rot your brain. All this crap like, oh! It can just be cured by antibiotics is a misconception. In many cases, yes, antibiotics will destroy the syphillis bacterium and you can go on your merry way. I happen to have a friend who personally recounted his nightmare with syphillis to me, so he's a friend of a friend to you guys, but this anecdote was all too real to me. My friend picked it up in NYC out partying years ago. He started having health problems but they didn't catch that it was syphillis until it was in more advanced stages. He had to be given a dose of extremely strong antibiotics and the antibiotics nearly killed him. He suffered from a stroke. He eventually beat the syphillis but still lives with nerve damage from the stroke. It is really painful, it keeps him from working and he's only in his thirties. He also warned that alot of people just plain aren't educated on STIs (duh). For one, you will have to beg your doctor for a syphillis test because the test is expensive and medical protocol does not call for full std screens every time you get a checkup. Communication with partners and condoms are key. For two, syphillis is caused by a spirochete bacterium. These bacterium are shaped like little spirals and can actually act as a virus acts--- drilling into good hiding spots in the body and coming out to attack when the body is weak. Lyme disease is also caused by a number of spirochete bacterium and their shape is why it is so hard to completely cure. Anyway, because syphillis is a spirochete, it can actually be transmitted from mere skin to skin contact, like brushing against someone's sweaty leg.
0	Of course, though, we are not behind the Iron Curtain. The death penalty has popular support in the jurisdictions where it gets used. Something like 60% of Americans support it. It is even supported in places where it is not used (see: Michigan).   Just because something is popular does not mean it is right or even a good idea. It may surprise you to learn that the death penalty was popular in my country also. In fact, the more popular it is, the easier it is to abuse.   > Also, we have a completely different system. The state does not decide who to kill, juries do. And, of course, juries are chosen to reach a certain result to some degree, but it is at least an adversarial process that seeks to prevent outright bias. And if there was obvious bias than there might be a remedy in appeals to toss out the sentence.   We had courts also. Of course, the result was decided in advance. Yours are also in most cases but they are much smarter about it.   >
0	The location: Disneyland California The day: Any damn day of the week The time: All freaking day long   People seem to think that the middle of a narrow walk way with thousands of cattle herded human beings being directed to the next wallet sucking attraction is the best spot to unload their 4 child tandem stroller with 2 backpacks for each kid while the grandparents uncles aunts and 3rd cousins twice removed stand around on their cell phones like zombies completely oblivious to the consumers and patrons about them just looking to get their next set of "Mickey Ears"..
1	Ok. Lets break this down a bit what we are talking about here is if riot should implement  price discrimination . While it's really not our decision, lets talk about it anyways (because what else is reddit for).   Ignoring possible legal issues that could come up from price discrimination (I don't think their are any in this case but considering this would involve EU law, US aw, Canadian law, etc. Who really knows for sure?) it has a few problems and benefits. Lets start with the benefits.   Firstly it would allow Riot to gain more profit by tapping into lower income markets. Which is good for them. (however if you look at wealth distribution the amount of money they stand to gain is "minimal"   Secondly, it would allow the poorer sections of the world to enjoy content they otherwise never would be able to enjoy. This will bring a great deal of good will for the company.   That's about it for the good things, but here are some of the possible bad things that could happen.   Gaming the system. How can Riot know for sure if someone is from say Macedonia if they also play on the EU server? IP address could be faked easily. They could request proof of citizenship but that would seem invasive. With different prices for different regions of the world you would also have to worry about people selling accounts with skins for less then buying those skins would cost in other locations. It also causes large questions. If John is from BR, has a BR account and is now going to school in the US, can he move his account to NA? He got skins for a lot cheaper than anyone else on NA should he be allowed to do that? How about people that want to level up BR accounts, buy cheap skins and  then move those account to NA to sell them?   Next up, a major part of the value of a skin is in it's exclusivity, by selling it for cheaper, or longer than intended, you diminish the value of that skin (some people might find that stupid, but it is how it works). Is it ok to potentially diminish the value of other people skins by selling them for cheap to people that can't afford it?   Lastly you have address the issue of is it fair to actually charge some people more because of where they live? (as apposed to relative to minimum wage).   Honestly at the end of the day neither option is fair (ethical is a toss up) but that's because we don't live in a fair world. Some places are poorer, some places are richer. From Riots perspective, trying to keep RP an equal cost all round and charging the same price to everyone is simply the "best". This addresses the reselling of skins (as it's no cheaper), it also means people in the the wealthy regions don't feel screwed over and considering they probably would probably make up 80+% of riots income who can blame them? This also means Riot can let people change regions while not worrying about have to ask questions like "should this player be allowed to use their skins on the new server?", "should this player be charged an additional import/tariff on their account because of the skins?". Lastly this preserves the "integrity" of the skins that are out their because the remain at an equal level of exclusivity internationally.
0	I agree to an extent. I think getting a new job simply for the sake of getting a new job "because I've been here for 5 years" (a reason I've heard a few people use before) is not a good reason in and of itself. If the job you're at provides you everything you need - new challenges, opportunity for growth and promotion, change in career path possibilities, etc. - I don't see a reason to leave, unless of course you're unhappy, or would simply like to experience a change of environment or the pace at a different company you're interested in.
1	I was 1512 at the end of S2 was reset to 1420 (played the first day of the patch, was crazy) got dropped to 1230 with afk's (went 3 - 7 with placements because of it) and then what do you know, no afk's and I won. I won all the elo back in a day. I'm at 1600 right now.
0	This exact thing happened to me with a girl I worked with. Beautiful, tan with green eyes and brown hair. Curves, amazing personality she was awesome; I was in love. She broke my heart after 7 months together because she "didnt want to have to report to me for having fun while in college or have a long distance relationship (she lived two hours away and still works at the same exact location while going to school two hours away)."
1	I'm sorry but I can't stand to watch this guy's stream. He's always doing something obnoxious or weird and focusing too much on replying to every viewer in the chat, consequently distracting him from the game. Most of all, his rage reminds me of some bronze/silver kid. Playing master yi has probably generated in him some god syndrome due to the nature of the champion so each time he doesn't get a penta he rages like a 12 year old.
1	Hi guys, I'm a person well verse regarding the Philippine LoL eSports scene, and I'm here to share a transparent side of the story and convince you out of your unnecessary hating.   CALM BEFORE THE STORM: This all started with RUMBLE ROYALE(website: www.rumbleroyale.com) - a Philippine base high quality production webshow that features local eSports and pitch in teams to face off each other in some sort of a competitive league. It is undeniable that the Philippines is behind when it comes to eSports competitive quality hence RUMBLE ROYALE shifted its focus from local pro players to pitching all girl teams and promoted them as if they are the local pro players. Mainly they have four teams under their league.   Team Redemption PH:   Medyo Bad Girl (MBG):   Defiance Girls:   Rainbow Kitties(RKT):  (DISBANDED)   The girl league was big hit in the PH eSports Community and with this Garena created their own all girls league which is the Iron Solari League and this made everyone scene and community really happy. Everything was going and the four teams from RUMBLE ROYALE along with the other local girl  teams are preparing for the Iron Solari League.   SOMETHING BAD BREWING:   Everything was going well and the four teams from RUMBLE ROYALE along with the other local girl  teams are preparing for the Iron Solari League. This was all halted when some individuals questioned why a female transgender from the RUMBLE ROYALE teams is going to participate when the Iron Solari League stated that it is an 'all-girls' league. RUMBLE ROYALE was well aware they have a female transgender in their league but doesn't really mind and is okay about it. At first Garena PH didn't really mind too and stated that it was OK for her to join. Still, a good chunk of the people from esports community questioned this decision and push Garena on not allowing her to play on the first leg.   ABOUT GARENA and PHILIPPINES:   Garena Philippines was actually very lenient and responsive in regard with the issue. As mentioned above, by default they were okay about the female transgender playing but the pressure from the combined complaints of other girl teams, bandwagoning individuals, and some members of the LGBT community themselves pushed Garena on their decision of not allowing her to play. Garena Philippines also already consulted Riot in the early parts of this issue. The funny thing about this is that, the main proponents of the complaint against the female transgender was doing it not because they hate LGBTs or don't want any LGBTs joining the Iron Solari League. It is because they have personal issues with the female transgender and in a way simply wants to sabotage her from playing. And on a last note, Garena PH personally talked with the female transgender who is in the limelight of this issue, explained to her how the issue exploded and they are simply trying to do what they can to mitigate it. Still they told her that everything won't be for naught and that their decision is only for the first leg. And that it is very likely that she can play on the second leg.   Bottomline Garena is not and was never an LGBT hating LoL publisher. Ohh.. and yes, setting aside, this Iron Solari League. Gays are very much and are already welcome in Garena PH sanctioned tournaments(like ROTC, Challenger Circuit, Teemo Cup). They are even usually hyped up in the community.   And about Philippines, as I see one comment saying that we're a backward country that hates gays blahblahblah. It is pretty much actually the opposite. WE'RE ACTUALLY BEST PLACE IN ASIA TO BECOME GAY! Hahaha! Damn, right we are! Geeky survey reference for the unbelievers:   We have lots gay people in politics, showbiz, etc and if ever they go out of the closet, they are celebrated like crazy. One of the most famous and respected artist on our country, having her movies hit record breaking sales is gay. Yes, that is Vice Ganda:   Most of our leisure spots tend to hire gay people because we know they are the best to have, like the Subic beach where you could see a long line of kiosk each with their own show and guess what. Yes all performers are gay.   That is aside from the fact that we are also religious country(a usually conflicting concept with gayness) and one of the happiest people on the planet. So the truth here is if you're gay, you should really visit our country.
1	If you constantly get trolls/flamers/afks on your team, perhaps it's you who don't understand that you're part of the problem.   Or maybe it's something more simpler like toxic players not getting punished.   > Most people have gotten tired of reading complaints like this where the OP only bring up a single example (aka their promotions) and then cry for harder punishments, different system etc.   I'm using this single example because it seemed extreme. There are plenty more examples of toxic people, just look at some pro players that have been front page news in the past month or so, I won't name them. Those players have known to be toxic for quite a while. I know that Riot have recently punished 2 EU players for their use of language, however there are others who seem to be far more consistently toxic, yet aren't punished. If it is true about what people have been recently saying about a certain EU top laner, that he is in fact horrible to play with as he flames a lot, he would have been reported and received a punishment by now, but he hasn't.
0	If you don't have the mental fortitude to work at Walmart then there is a whole host of other jobs you certainly wont be able to do as well. Worked retail, the shit isn't hard, you just have to accept that there are an infinite number of terrible people out there and the company itself will probably treat you like an overpaid slave.
1	I'm in bronze 2 almost bronze 1 and I usually try to get mid. Like you said we are only good at a handful of champions at BEST. So then, which champs should you learn? For me I'm trying to learn champs that counters champs that would counter the ones I main. For example my best mid champ is swain. Rarely lose with him in general. Then if the other team picks a fizz (fairly good counter to swain) then I can pick ryze instead, who I'm practicing with ATM.   My advice would be whatever lane you want to main at learn a wide variety of champs. If I were to play only squishy glass cannon mids then all it takes is some champ with a decent cc to counter ALL my champs.   I'm pretty consistent with winning my lane this way. My three best ap mids are swain anivia and ryze in that order. I might also add that they all have some form of cc. Good with any team comp.
0	It's not just psychology and emotions, though. Human sexual differentiation is based on hormones in-utero, not chromosomes (as is the case for chickens; which is why you get things like  gynandromorph chickens   In most cases, XY will trigger the production of male hormones, and XX female hormones. But if things get in the way of that transmission, or if the chromosomes are not the standard two to begin with, you might end up with an XY foetus bathed in more female hormones and vice versa, skewing their sex and gender development from the norm.
1	Hijacking top comment for my story, sorry.   I have Panic Disorder, Agoraphobia, and all forms of anxiety. Happened about 3 years ago now and my life has been completely changed. I still rarely leave the house due to fear of the world and having an attack somewhere I don't feel safe. One thing that helped me when I got anxious was playing game's, WoW, LoL, Dota, anything with other people on. Than when I finally hit 30 and started ranked, I tried it. Got so anxious it would give me a panic attack. For those who don't know a panic attack is probably the worst thing you can experience in life mentally. You truly believe you are dying. I quit LoL after that for a good 6 months. I tried again with friends, just duoing. After awhile the anxiety lessened and I started to have fun. My diamond friend gave me a tip that made such a difference. He told me to never look at ranked 1 game at a time or to worry about 1 game. But instead look at it 20 or so games at a time, and just forget your last game always. I did and it helped so much. I went from bronze 3 to Gold on 2 accounts last season. I'm pushing for plat this season!
1	IIRC bonus RP usually only counts if you buy it using some sort of credit/bank card and buy it directly from the Riot store.   Might as well use it now since you don't get a bonus from using the 50$ RP card.   Look at the bottom of the "Purchase RP" tab:   Copypasta incoming...   "One of the core values of Riot Games is being open about what's going here and why we make certain decisions.  If you live in Europe you may notice that the amount of Riot Points we give you for the same price may vary by payment method.  Using a credit card, 5 Euros may get you more Riot Points than using an SMS.   We put a lot of thought into the decision to have different pricing by payment type.  After all, either way you are giving up 5 Euros (or Dollars, Pounds, etc), why wouldn't you get the same Riot Points either way?  We have deals with different companies to provide different payments.  They actually all take a cut of the Euros you pay, but the amount they take is different (it's actually different by country too).  We could have given out Riot Points equally across payment methods by using an average of the different payout percentages, but we didn't want to penalize and raise prices on our "cheapest" forms of payment, credit cards and PayPal.  It also made sense for us to encourage players to use those "cheaper" forms of payment, since we get a larger share of the money you spend.   So what we do is, when a payment type is less expensive for us, we pass that benefit on to you in the form of more Riot Points.  You get more Riot Points per Euro when we get a higher share of the amount of Euros you pay.   Because the payouts vary by country (because the deals we have vary by country, especially with SMS payments where different countries have different wireless companies), and they vary by time (with currency fluctuations, and when a better deal is negotiated), it's not a simple task to list all your options.  The best way to find the current prices is to go to the store in League of Legends."
0	200 dollar tax stamp for a destructive device, shitload of paperwork, 6 month to a year wait, and thousands of dollars PER device (if you can even find one).
1	I, personally, try to simply cut out everything negativce I have to say to my teammates (soloq) and say it out. Everything positive, like scoring firstblood, securing a dragon via smitesteal etc. comes to the chat to keep up morale.   Besides that I try to completely ignore the chat if its not necessary for the game like strategy or smalltalk before the minions spawn.
0	Yeah, I'm certain its bullshit.  >Using her boyfriends' credit cards to buy porn subscriptions or buy Porn DVDs online and sometimes replacing movies he owned with them. In order to use this trick repeatedly, I had to switch up the porn fetishes. Luckily, no woman ever believes the "It's not mine/I've never seen that before!" line. This is probably the best thing you can do to break people up. Convincing her boyfriends she has STDs/STIs. One time I hinted that she had pubic lice after lacing her underwear with stuff that made her itch her crotch constantly. He left soon after that. I found that people don't usually bother to confirm if the person they're dating has an STD/STI, although a couple times they did. Luckily, those relationships didn't work out without any intervention from me. This works best during the first couple of weeks people are dating. You also need to be able to keep a straight face when hinting someone has a STD/STI.  One time when I was 12, I convinced a guy that she was an alcoholic. I took empty bottles from our condo's recycling bins and hid them in my room until I had a good amount. Then I pretended to take out the recycling when she wasn't around and told him she had "one of those nights" and that she's "trying her best", etc. To be honest, I was surprised this actually worked because there were so many holes in my plan, like him bringing up the bottles I was taking out that clearly didn't belong to her. One guy really hated smoking, so I got my friend to steal a pack from his dad for me. I lit them randomly throughout the week, and tossed them outside once the room smelled like smoke. Then I'd leave the window open and put a bottle of air freshener out. I left the rest of the pack in her purse for him to find. Like with porn, "those don't belong to me" didn't seem to be a viable excuse. They had a big fight over it and then broke up. She had a habit of folding her money in a certain way at the corners so I stole money from her purse and slipped the bills into her boyfriend's wallet. When he used them to pay for dinner, she flipped out. I was really grasping at straws for this relationship, so it wasn't my best work to be honest. I'd convince them that she was cheating on them. The fact that she had an affair while married to my father made it all the more realistic. This worked better when she hadn't already told them about how she cheated on my father. She once asked me if I told her boyfriend and I told her no, but that my father had called earlier and her now ex-boyfriend had picked up the phone. She didn't have the guts to call my father and ask him. She got jealous very easily, so I'd convince her that her boyfriends were cheating on her. This included hiring strippers/escorts online with their credit cards, or paying my friends' college-aged sisters to hit on them at bars. I accidentally hired the same girl twice over the course of a year and that's when she realized what I was up to. Then she snapped.   So we know he isn't young if he is doing this, like what little kid could do this. If he did this 5 years he was under 12. So he would have to be like 13. Furthermore, my parents were recently divorced and they asked where I wanted to go, I said my dads so I live there now. Not saying they blindly let you just say were, but you have influence meaning that he was not opposed to this during the divorce. This all means he started after the divorce, and think when he would be old enough to do these kinds of things, I think he probably would be able to when, at the earliest, he was 13.
1	It's pretty simple :     chances of the other team getting a DC > chances of your team getting a DC (assuming you don't DC)     chances of the other team getting a feeder > chances of your team getting a feeder (assuming you are not the feeder)     chances of the other team getting a troll > chances of your team getting a troll (assuming you are not the troll)       That's pure math so stop complaining about your loss streak and realize that when you have good streak it's because the DC, feeder, troll is in the other team.
0	Because when bad things happen, people like to fix blame on someone or something. Specifically, someone or something they don't like or don't necessarily fully understand. They can blame drugs, religion, lack of religion, video games movies, parenting, culture, etc. But it's never, or very rarely, ALL drugs, or religions, or video games, or parenting skills, etc. It's the drugs they don't take, the religions they don't follow, the video games they don't play, or a parenting method they don't follow. It's a lot more comforting being able to convince yourself that it could never be YOUR kid who bullies a kid into suicide or goes on a shooting spree, and as long as the causes can be grossly over simplified and blame can be placed on something that doesn't cause you to change or open your mind, people will continue to blame violence on people or things that are, at best, only vaguely connected to the crime.
1	Yes, the support gets the shaft on things. Let's now look at the jungler. We are expected to keep up in levels and gold, gank the lanes, ward, secure objectives and die for the greater good of the team. We have to not only compete with the enemy jungler stealing our jungle but our own team. I love being the jungler and the mid going to take my wraiths before 6-7 minutes. Then I go in and gank, red buff might take the kill and then I get yelled at for stealing it. Then the lanes are pushed to tower and warded, so I am unable to gank. My lanes are taking the jungle farm and I can't gank anything.
1	Wriggles is not necessary, and tabi is really good for early extra clear speed by getting early movement. However, I really want some tenacity, so if they have a heavy AP team or heavy CC, i often get mercs.   Wriggles creates a good sustain, and goves some extra armour/damage, but you won't have MR by then.   My play style is really aggressive, and focuses on countering enemy jungle and clearing my own as fast as possible. I'd say wriggles and wit's end both create clear speed. I sometimes do buy HoG, but after wriggles, and thereby delay getting my precious attack speed and slow.   Maybe it is convenient if I just sum up advantages and disadvantages for a clear overview.   Tabi:   advantages:     early clear speed due to movement   Early movement for ganks because it's cheap   armour helps in jungle and while ganking   Good for heavy AD team (jungle, top and RangedAD)     Disadvantages:     Not good against heavy CC. You will get the full duration of CC, and CC basically counters shyvana pretty hard because she preferably is in melee range.   You start jungling with armour, and often no MRes glyphs. Ganking mid will now be dangerous, as you lack the Mres to take some burst.     In general, tabi is a pretty good item for earlygame (before 10 minutes) clear speed. The sooner you pick it up, the better.   I will not discuss Mercury Threads, because if you have a look at tabi, merc has the opposite advantages and disadvantages.   Now for other items:   Heart of Gold   Advantages:     GP10   early buffer of health to make sure you don't die in small skirmishes   cheaper than giants belt     disadvantages:     delays the purchase of Phage, wit's end or wriggles   The earlier you buy it, the earlier you get the GP10 stat, but the earlier you buy it, the earlier you slow your jungle speed by not having better clearing items. So for jungling solely, it is not great.   Phage also provides health, and a decent slow which increases kill potential.     Wit's end   Advantages:     Synergises with all abilities in different ways. Attack speed buffs your q, which also procs the wit's passive twice, and your e procs every basic attack, plus your ultimate cooldown is lowered quite faster.   on-hit magic damage (should be mentioned in a seperate point)   Early magic resist that is noticeable all the way to lategame     Disadvantages:     Recurve bow (1050 gold) is a relatively expensive item, so early game, that is a lot of gold.   No health if buying first   Slower clear if buying boots->HoG->wit's     Wriggle's   Advantages:     Synergises with q by giving three times the proc chance at once when used after an auto attack   Sustain from lifesteal   extra armour for jungle   extra AD -> more damage for q   ward for enemy wraiths or blue   Makes for insane buff control, because buffs can be gone (depends on procs) in 3 seconds. That is very short, obviously.     Disadvantages:     Delays health   Delays attack speed     Situational: Zeal   Advantages:     Oh my god movement speed   Crit chance three times on q usage   Decent attack speed, pretty low cost   attack speed to stonk on shyvana (See wit's explanation)   Your ultimate gives armour and Mres, and if you're doing well, you might not need any more resistances. Phage is a logical follow-up.     Disadvantages:     Delays health   Only logical build path is trinity force, which is really stong, but not really tanky. If your team needs a tanky bruiser, don't get it.   Crit is nice, but scales off of AD, and you don't build much AD early (wit's, randuins, phage are all not high damage items)     Assessment:   I think wriggles has many advantages, but only if you want to counterjungle and be aggressive (which probably are, as shyvana). If thing's are not going your way, I would buy heart of gold, because the extra gold makes up for failing ganks. However, as shyvana, the moment you get an advantage, build insane clear speed and make life hard for the enemy jungler. Ward the enemy jungle, get some offensive items (wit's/wriggles, maybe oracle(!)), and take ALL the buffs!   I yesterday had a game where I was vs an enemy alistar jungle that was lvl 9 when I was 17 already. He didn't time his buffs, so every time he went top, I got his wolves and blue/red buffs. I had the money to ward, so I could predict and track his movement, so I could always be a step ahead. With some successful ganks and huge farm, you can stomp the enemy jungler by making it hard for him to get xp and farm. I sometimes even outlevel top lane if he is not doing well. I don't know any other jungler other than mundo, udyr or skarner that is capable of this. Maybe maokai if he has good control.   Conclusion:   Depending on your play style and the enemy team, make a clear decision about the items you should get. Try to get the advantage, and if you don't succeed, ward, build tanky and farm up for teamfights. If you do succeed, press the advantage by warding and building more offensive items.
0	Comcast (Business) tech/billing rep here. Don't get it twisted - it's not always that simple. Not all reps are so dumb that they'll give you a credit for a non-existent problem. Good reps actually check to see if an issue has been called in about before. If there's been a legit issue, yeah you might get some money. But unless the rep doesn't care or doesn't feel like dealing with some bullshit, you may not get a credit. This applies more towards business than Residential, as many Resi reps (esp. in Florida) seem to be half retarded/don't give a shit.   As far as what the one fella said about getting out of a contract if rates change, it's not always that simple either. For example, Comcast can change its equipment fee as it pleases (not that it happens often at all) and it doesn't exempt you from the contract. This isn't necessarily for Residential, but I would imagine similar rules apply. You won't see rate codes for say your TV package change unless your contract or any applicable promotions expire, or if you make a change to that service (that part kind of goes w/o saying)   If you really want to know what the company can and can't do, take some time to peruse the Terms and Conditions. I don't know about Residential or other companies but the Comcast Business T&C isn't terribly hard to go through. They also stay on top of that shit and have an archive of T&Cs as they're updated so frequently. What applies to one person who gets service two months before you won't necessarily be the same for you.
1	Fuck it. When in doubt source it.
1	I find that I can get flare stacked by 17 mins, most of the time if I ignore lanes completely 14-15mins and lanes have gone +-2kills over all lanes I finish flare, gank mid counter gank bot and boom we gain ~3 kills, soloq is very linear, most jungles do the same thing all the time.
0	unless the kids met after puberty, you should be fine, man. there is a whole set of instincts that make humans NOT attractive to other humans they grew up with.   Case in point: My family was close friends with another family. Their daughter spent as many afternoons at our house as her own. We were (and still are) as close as my biological sister and I were. When we went to (the same) college, both sets of parents expected her and I to get married. They just couldn't understand that although she was objectively gorgeous, I just couldn't see her in that way- any more than I could my own sister (despite the opinions of redditor pervs).
0	My girlfriend always thought vibrators were kind of silly.   A couple months ago one of her female coworkers hosted a dildo party.  Yes, a dildo party.  It's like a tupperware party, except they're selling dildos.  She thought it would be funny, so she went.   The next day we're getting it on and she pulls out a ten-speed vibrator, some flavored lube to suck off of me, and some magic oil that makes her clit feel like it's going to explode.
0	I was at my boyfriends house for a family gathering. We were all playing UNO around a round table, him and I and his cousins and uncles. I am sitting right next to my boyfriend trying to strategize my next move. When I start smelling this horrid smell. A smell that I've smelled before. I gave him a wicked side glance, portraying my knowing and disgust towards him. He leaned in and whispered to me, " If you say anything, I will blame it on you." So I stayed quiet and in that minute one of his cousins yawned. He yawned at the same time that the terrible fart hit the whole family. They all exclaimed, " God damn! Been eating shit and Garbage, dude?!?" The cousin tried his best to maintain his innocence but the verdict was made. He was a shit mouth. All the while my boyfriend continued to casually play UNO and I sat there with guilt..
1	Nice effort.   But I dont think these statistics are reliable at all and i really dislike the
1	If you want to stream, then just go for it. Your friends for one would love to watch you I'm sure. Whatever the community things differs from people to people. You don't necessarily need to be some kind of awesome player to be a streamer. However you are more likely to get a lot of viewers if you are pro.   Anyway to give you a small idea about how the process would go, you will start off really small with maybe 1 viewer at the time and this will be a friend most of the time. If you can become interesting in your own way your stream will grow as people will start to like you. For example Guardsman Bob, he has been among the top watched streamers from the time he was 1500 Elo. He was nothing special but people enjoyed watching him as he would be interesting.
1	I have to agree you on this so much. As a mid/jg main, I can see the HUGE problem in the jungle: You can't carry as easily anymore. With Kha'zix and Pantheon nerfed around patch 4.9, it just totally got rid of carry oriented junglers. Honestly, imo, it's boring as hell to jungle. When kha'zix was "OP" back then, you could jump around in team fights and ACTUALLY DEAL DAMAGE. Now with the late game adcs that deal 400 damage per hit (cough TRISTANA!!!!!!!!!!!!!), junglers are useless as hell late game. I try to avoid jungling as I feel like I can't have fun at all if I jungle. In the end, we play this game for fun right? That is why it is so fun to play damage dealing champions that could also make badass plays. Why do you think Zed was so popular? You could make cool jukes. Why is yasuo so popular? He deals bunch of damage late game, and you can have all sort of satisfying plays. With your e, windwa, and knock up, you can do so much more wih him then some champion like evelynn or udyr. When you make that outplay, rather it is FAKER1v1YASUOPLAY, or a 5 man ult that you set up, it is so satisfying to create those plays, carry the game, and win. Meanwhile, in the jungle, because so many jungle champions are getting weaker, it is sooo hard to carry a game by yourself (Pls teach me nightblue3). Now that RITO also nerfed Lee Sin, a champion that you can make SOOOO many plays with, I feel like junglers are super weak, hard to carry by yourself, and cannot make sweet plays (due to how most jungle champion's kit function).
1	AP Yi was annoying because of his resets, the inability to do anything to him while he bounced around your team, and his stupid sustain. On the flip side, if he didn't get the resets, he wasn't so bad because he had 1 scaling ability, and no sustained DPS. He relied on his team being able to burst down his target the rest of the way so he could reset his cooldowns. It was very polarized gameplay from a design perspective.   Now, this new Yi is annoying because he takes part of what made AP Yi so annoying (the untargetable resets), and tosses out his lack of sustained damage out the window in favor of a unslowable DPS king. Even if Yi doesnt get an instant reset, his ult and E allow him to chop threw people to get himself the reset.
1	EG as in Epik Gamer, not Evil Geniuses. They were an NA team back in season 1 that managed to place quite highly in a few (by standards back then) high-profile tournaments. They were unique in that they basically didn't take the game really seriously; they barely practiced, if at all, and didn't really have set roles, making their games highly entertaining. Dyrus could play jungle (leading to  this , top and AD, Westrice could play AD or top, and Dan to this day is the only player to ever use Heimer professionally. I believe the full roster was Dyrus, Dan Dinh, Salce, Westrice and Nhat Nguyen.   In season 1, they garnered a pretty big fanbase due to their carefree attitudes and individual charisma. However, at the start of season 2, there were internal issues after Dan, Dyrus and Westrice left, leading to the remaining members joining the newly formed TSM.Evo. TSM.Evo proved short-lived, and the rest is history.
0	As a person who has a BA in English, my passion and what I love is English and not only that Academia in general. I am now going to a pretty top notch graduate program in Texas to get my MA in Rhetoric and Composition and possibly my PhD so I can continue to be in the university setting for as long as I can stand it.   I love teaching and inspiring kids, but the difference in teaching high school as opposed to college is you are getting some kids who actually want to advance their knowledge and less of the "IDGAF" people. Not saying those don't still exist in college, but it's less frequent.
1	I used to do that as well, before I hit level 30, then I realised: Maybe some of them are in the same boat as me, why not start being friendly to them. Usually it works, the rare occasions it doesn't, it's because the other people on my team are blamers. Playing normals also mean you have the chance to lose the match, unlike bot games, where you can win even if you go itemless.
1	LET ME ENLIGHTEN YOU     Invade Nidalee's Jungle, shes very weak levels 1-2 and if the Nidalee player isn't skilled at her early clear she will go very low.        Avoid early game skirmishes; avoid fighting without vision of her       Pick "point and click stun" champions like Irelia and Annie that can flash-stun and kill her instantly.       Sacrifice the first couple of Dragons to prevent early game skirmishes and her chance to snowball the game.     Banshee's and Locket lower Nidalee's Power considerable.         Nidalee is a single-target burst assassin; travel in groups to make picks harder.     Deny Nidalee blue buff; Her spears are on a low cooldown but cost 90 mana each. She will go oom without blue. Reksai and Pantheon are very at counter jungling Nidalee and can do this quite well. Reksai superior counter jungler while Pantheon is a superior duelist.         Hard Engage; Nidalee needs to setup her kills with a spear. 5v5 fights make it extremely hard for her to get a combo off.       Her effectiveness at 100-0ing is drastically lowered as the game gets longer. Champions get tankier via levels and items the longer the game goes on for which makes it harder to burst down with 1 combo.       Patch 5.3 fixed a critical bug that made Nidalee a monster, that was the ability to have ALL cooldowns reset when a target was hunted. Now it's back to normal and only her R into cougar form resets. This lowers her clear speed and ability to chase and chain-combo's significantly.     Nidalee is very squishy; if ganked,try and burst Nidalee.         Morgana, Panthen, Irelia, Annie, Vi, Sivir are all good champions vs Nidalee. They all offer abilities that counter Nidalee specific; ie spellshield, point and click cc, great duelist.     If still finding it hard to vs Nidalee; Ban her. Unless LB, Kat and Kass aren't banned, fuck those champions...
1	we think this change will separate the great
1	maybe, not entirely sure without doing calculations, it'd really depend on:     what level you were     what hero you were (different base mana depending on champ)     runes and masteries     passives etc (i think ryzes ult gives him mana? not sure)       But overall it's a much better choice to stack archangels as you have a much larger mana pool/regen (more spamming skills) and its also cheaper than rabadaba.   Found this quote on league wiki   >To gain more AP from the  Archangel's Staff than a single  Rabadon's Deathcap (which gives 182 ability power if alone) a champion would need more than 4567 mana. However, a champion would only need 3167 mana for the  Archangel's Staff to provide more ability power than a second  Rabadon's Deathcap.
0	The solution to this IMO is, if a women gets pregnant, she needs to apply to the court along with the man, that they both are consenting to the child. Then the man cannot turn back and has to pay child support if anything goes wrong.  If the man does not want the baby and does not co-sign the form, and the woman still wants to keep the baby, then she herself has to support the child.  This way the man and woman make it clear about their intentions on the upbringing of the child. I have not thought about the downside to this so if you can think of any, let me know. Otherwise, this seems to be the best possible solution to this dilemma.
0	When I was a kid, I was the one on bathroom cleaning duty. Every Saturday I had to clean our bathroom and I would mix Windex, the bubbles cleaning shit and Bleach. My Mom didn't want the house smelling bad so I would close the restroom door. Within 5 mins the fumes had me coughing and eyes burning. I would go outside every 2-3 mins for some air. I did this for almost 10 years. This post blew my mind. I'm 30 yrs old.
1	Leblanc no counterplay? You are one of those guys that gets a heartattack when he sees the retarded damage a fed leblanc can do then draws his conclusion, how about you see the whole picture? She's popular in competitive but how many of those games has she won? Have you never seen her get locked when she W in and die instantly because of her low hp and hp+?   Meanwhile Ekko, just like every newly released champion, is op. Bard was the only exception because riot outsmarted itself with his kit.   His whole kit is op. Usually champions have a weak/not outstanding spell, he doesn't. Hell, every spell seems to be twice as good as regular good spells.     His Q: what's the big deal about his waveclear spell? it deals too much damage for the low cd/manacost it has.     It's the broken op version of lux's E.   More slow, lower manacost, lower cd, more damage. Look up both spells on league wikia if you are interested.     His W: best anti gank tool, just drop it on you and what do you get, a freaking 2.25sec AoE stun? At rank 1? I want to see Swain and Viktor mains's faces when they read that. And wait that's not all! It gives you a massive shield and on top of that has a passive that makes your AA that are already strong because of your passive, even stronger! How much does it cost? 30 mana at rank 1...How is this balanced?     His E: a dash + a gapcloser that amplifies damage scaling with your AP? and it costs a whole 40 mana at rank 1?     His R: This spell...why does it offer so much utility and burst at the same time? You get healed and avoid deadly situations, on top of that you deal retarded damage?  200/350/500 (+1.3 AP)  when it's so easy to hit thanks to your clone, easier than an Orianna shockwave with that massive range it has, and it deals more damage and costs absolutely nothing, and has lower cd? What the hell?       And I was only talking about how each spell was broken on his own, now let's combine them.... his W, E and R give him insane disengage potential while giving him retarded damage on his AA + ulti? That's not even funny.
0	It's common for North Americans to refer to themselves as Irish, German, Italian, etc. because the majority of us only have roots here going back a couple of generations. Keep in mind that Canada and the USA are still pretty new as countries, relatively speaking.   Furthermore, many of our progenitors arrived here and found themselves confronted with discrimination as a result of where they come from (like my Irish grandparents on my mother's side, and my German father after arriving here shortly post-WW2). As a result they often formed tight-knit communities, and it's no surprise that in the face of racism and hate, they clung to their heritage and traditions for identity.   I'm a proud Canadian, but I'm equally proud of where my family comes from. It's kind of sad to see so many Irish spitting on expats and their children, considering many of them left Ireland against their will. One would think that given Ireland's history, we'd all stick together instead of comparing bloodlines. It's not like until recently everyone else hated the Irish or anything...
1	Well, first of all i got to say thanks a lot for doing this!   I looked at the pics and i can say that, overall, i like it a lot (even more if it behaves better than the official one as you said!). But there's something that is disturbing me: the position of some sections of the layout. What i mean with this (english not my native language, sry!) is: Why not let the player profile "banner" (that section that says "Nikasaur, level 30, IP RP amounts") on the right side and the "menu buttons" (store, profile, settings...etc) on the left side? Like in Riot's official client, which we are all used to. Same goes for the bottom part with the chat boxes and chat options icons. I know you probably want it to look different from the Riot one but imo changing positions of some things won't make any "visual" difference and will make people used to Riot's client have a harder time getting used to it. Just my opinion, thanks for reading and i love what you guys are doing for all of us!
1	I think a lot of people forget W isn't just 8%hp as true damage(even the examples in the OP). W also procs a flat 60 true damage.   Some crude, on the spot comparisons between Vayne W and a typical AD caster ability:   Vs a 2k hp squishy this would mean she does 240 true damage every 2.5~ seconds. 240 true damage to an average lvl 18 with about 100 armor is equivilant to about 360 physical damage if it were mitigated by 33%(100armor). This value only gets higher on moderate and then high HP targets. 300 true damage on a 3k hp target which is equivilant to about a 450 physical damage ability if it were mitigated by 33%(100armor).   To do 360-450 physical damage every 2.5 seconds is pretty retarded, considering a 300 AD renekton(lol) would do about 630 every 8 seconds with an  empowered  Q. With these figures Vayne could dish 1080-1350 physical damage in 7.5 secs(aka 720-900 true damage over 7.5secs).
0	Ex-Toys R Us employee here. I once had a customer try and start a fist fight with me because we where understaffed and I was the only one running big carry out items from our warehouse to the customer. He had to wait a whole extra 3 minutes till I could get him his product. Once I brought him his product he proceeded to yell at me for a couple minutes till his wife pushed him out the door swearing. I just smiled waved and said, " Thank for shopping at Toys R Us. Have a great day sir!" The entire store was watching him make a scene. I got a couple high fives from some customers when he left.
0	I would just like to ask a question. My geography teacher is a celiac, which I completely believe as I have never seen her eat bread or anything that contains gluten (although, I have seen her eat tuna mixed with apples, so yeah) but what I don't believe is the way she acts around food. No one is allow to eat food in her classroom, because of this illness, not because she doesn't want you eat in her room, and if she does see some eating, chewing gum/chocolate/crisps etc, she holds her throat and starts coughing saying she is going to die. Which I don't believe is true. The reason why I am so skeptical is that she lies constantly (She said she was in a flood on a canoe and she could only see the tops of the lampposts. But we googled it and the "flood" was only 2 inches) So my question is, can you not stand next to food, or do you only have the reaction after eating a food that contains gluten, or inhaling (such as flour in the air)?
1	Laning phase he is very strong, I will agree with you on that with his ability to gank, and his strong poke, but during team fights he can't really do much except poke with his Q. Most likely late game he won't be tanky so he can't initiate as well.
0	Honestly, if the difference between "civil union" and "marriage" is just semantics, I really don't give a shit. I'll admit that I don't truly understand how "marriage" gives gay couples more legitimacy than "civil unions," but I'm straight so I haven't had fought that fight for my whole life.
0	i played d1 sports in college and played semi-pro in the summers so I couldn't work a job. i have to be honest, as much as people think you get the benefit of the doubt as an athlete, often you're left with interesting experiences and few upsides. the sports/coaching industry is incredibly bureaucratic (imagine that!), businesses want you purely for sales/commission based work, and all of your free time was spent working out, working out to workout, or working on your workout.
1	Honestly I don't even like Monte but he has some valid points. He obviously was actually coaching, he was just a bad one. Anyone who belives Reginald is retarded, it doesn't even make sense from CLG's perspective. Why pay and associate a guy and let him leach glory and attention when he's not even helping? Monte benefited by being associated with CLG not the other way around...
1	Gorilla landed some key hooks (while also missing some key hooks and mistiming Zhonya's/GA/Chronoshift deactivations), but I think Zefa was the MVP for effectively muting Alliance from mid-game onward.   Zefa didn't exactly need protecting---he was often on the front-line even with his range (the preemptive shields helped, of course; they gave him more than 1K additional HP, allowing him to gradually take down turrets/inhibitors with impunity). Goes to show how confident his play was, and to be honest, given the precise interweaving between his positioning and AA , his attitude reflected his play.   I don't follow the OGN religiously, so I don't know where Zefa is ranked. Is he considered a top 3-4 ADC in Korea? He certainly impressed me today with his sieging and positional prowess. I would imagine it's something like:     Deft/Imp   Cpt Jack   Zefa
1	I think the problem with that is just that those items such as Executioner's Calling are too weak. In DotA there aren't very heavy snowball items, the closest analogy they have to Infinity Edge is Butterfly, which is almost pure steroids (just like IE). Every other item is just as strong as each other too, having a relatively equal amount of stat distributions + the value of its' effect, or upgrades to that extent.   For example, Maelstrom -> Mjolnir. Maelstrom would be like our Ionian Spark. Arguably, they are just about equal in their values and effects. However, Maelstrom is actually useful on some heroes in DotA, whereas Ionian Spark is very very rarely used in LoL, and only very specific situations. The difference? Maelstrom can actually upgrade into Mjolnir, which provides a large steroid boost, boosts the effect a little, and is on par with items like Butterfly (relatively). As a result, Mjolnir/Maelstrom is built a lot (again, relative to LoL's Ioninc Spark).   But what about the non-upgradable items from DotA? Shadow Blade/Lothar's Edge, Force Staff, Eul's Scepter of Divinity, all posessing effects, have weak stats, and are relatively cheap (about the same as our Youmuu's Ghostblade, which is a pretty cheap item to get (again,  relatively ), but do not have upgrades. They're all built a  lot  more often than our Ghostblade, even though Ghostblade technically gives more/better stats. Why?  Because their effects are amazing.  They have ridiculously strong active abilities that are literally capable of changing how encounters play out. To that end, players are willing to sacrifice a big-ticket item for them. LoL has  nothing  even remotely close to that. The most influential (offensive) active abilties we have are DFG, Randuin's, Shurelya's, and Gunblade, all of which don't even do that much. Randuin's and Shurelya's are very very passive in nature, DFG is basically Dagon (and you'll notice that Dagon is not used that often in DotA!), Gunblade is never bought for the active as much as it is bought for the stats.
1	IMO get over it and pick it the champion it doesn't get greyed out or anything just has the "no" icon, doesn't change anything other then an extra second to remember that champ wasn't banned.
0	I was in a thread where that was announcing the new DLC in  X  game was available in the US for download, and the dude was commenting on every single comment and repeating the same info. It pissed several people (including myself) off.
1	Worst experience I had was back when I first started playing with a friend, I was maybe Lv5 and he was Lv18ish. We both played Twisted Treeline constantly and I was still learning. I was playing Anivia, he was Tryndamere, and our third teammate was Pantheon. The other team had two afkers, leaving a lonely Caitlyn all by herself. Somehow, that Caitlyn managed to skyrocket levels and farm above the three of us and proceeded to stomp in a 1v3. My friend, Trynd, was butthurt raging about how Caitlyn was  thee  most broken, easy champion to play while I just watched his stupid reasoning silently demoralized.
0	My family bought me a computer as a graduation present but I paid tuition and got loans myself. Also, many arts degrees require proficiency in applications found on Macs, so owning one practically IS a necessity.
1	It doesn't mean it's bad, it's putting you against other people who JUST started a new team as well.   Which is why people should honestly play solo queue to be better instead of depending on others to carry them.
1	Good idea OP, I know a lot of people that want a second account. But now a question, and please don't downvote, please just answer: Why do you want a smurf? To try and get higher in ranked? Cause this is not really necessary, as you are always in the rank you belong in (given you're not climbing). A name is easily changeable for money as well.
1	Had the same experience, diamond 3 to silver 3. Got back in a week tho since you get like 4 times as much lp as you lose and you also skip divisions.   It sucks but just hang in there and you will get back. You will also have some people flaming you for being silver but just ignore them.
0	drink water during the week. seriously people, i binge pretty hard on weekends but i almost never get hangovers. and when i do, they are a little headache that goes away within an hour of waking up after i drink some gatorade. stop drinking soda all week for every meal and then getting upset about hangovers.
1	Mods have control   Exactly. This place is managed by the mods and as long as that is true, the subreddit will be what their vision of it is. Nobody cares if most people disagrees(yes, I'm exaggerating). If you do, you can either 1. grab pitchforks and in general be an asshole to people that voluntarily mod hundreds of posts every day to keep people safe from [reddit-retardation]( and allow them to actually have a good general LoL related news hub, or 2. branch out, grab a few people and start your own place.   *By the way, most of huge subreddits turn INCREDIBLY BAD as an effect of not strict enough moderation. They quickly become circlejerks with 0 content(/r/gaming/ /r/gaming/ /r/gaming/). Is it what the community wanted? Absolutely, yes. In fact, 89 of it does(ratio of games/gaming subscribers). As you would say, it "brought the community together". Is it good? Holy shit no, it's terrible. /r/gaming is literally useless to people who expect actual gaming content. It's fast food to restaurants. More people want fast food, it doesn't mean it's better. It's hundreds of times worse. It's just easier.
0	Americans glorify their military and have no reason to do so, while their military is commiting war crimes and destabilizing conflicts. This behavior indirectly encourages waging war and killing people.   --> The undiplomatic version.   Every soldier is a killer and should be convicted as one.   --> The VERY undiplomatic version   (Downvotes incoming)
1	bot game...real.     too mana dependent     only has dash/slow for ganking before 6, blocked by minions and can be dodged     somewhat difficult to set up good displacement with ult for ganking, esp since everyone takes flash     he's useless lategame except for the ult, since less gold/xp in jungle and he won't get enough farm to effectively build ap
0	who gives a shit. Son. Take a seat. Let me describe something to you. I am married and about to have my first child with the woman I love but hands down, best sex I ever had was with a nasty hippy with hair everywhere.
1	ding ding ding. and the most important takeaway from all of that,
1	The most important thing is just to play and gain more experience. I used to build AS/cdr kennen (following a guide) because i saw it on mobafire (was a terrible build (soul shroud and malady and nashors) i played from level 10-20 with that build without realizing anything was wrong. but then as i learnt more about the game, I realized building AP was so much better. my point is, learn the items and what they do, then apply it in your situation (your team, enemy team)   there is no such thing as a standard build. at all. there maybe core items (eg. revolver on morde and vlad etc) but what you build really depends on your team. If you're playing tank, find out if your support is building aegis or not, if s/hes not see if you can slide it into your build. Another thing to note at this situation is how likely are you to teamfight? or would split pushing benefit your team the most? If you have lots of teamfighting potential, build aegis. Also, if you have a dual AP team, consider getting an early Wota to benefit your teamates   You should also keep the enemies' team in mind. For example, where most their damage comes from (whose the most fed) and build accordingly, for example if you are playing AD and their AP carry(s) are getting fed, you might want to consider buying a MoM, or if they have shittons of cc (or if they have a malz, urgot or ww who is most likely going to focus you), a quick QSS might not be a bad idea.   Another thing is to note what types of defenses the enemy team is building. If they are stacking armor, getting some armorpen is a good idea, same with mr.
0	Probably going to get lost, but I believe that people have lost the idea of what is practical. Plenty of my friends have spent tens of thousands of dollars  pursuing degrees such as Anthropology, Music Theory with a focus on Trumpet Performance, Political Science, Theater Performance, and Philosophy. Now they're struggling to find careers in those fields. We are the "follow your dreams" generation. I took a practical route and pursued nursing. My friends thought I was crazy for being a male who is pursuing nursing. They made fun of me, but when I graduate with a Bachelors Degree in Nursing, I will be a nurse (not a philosopher or trumpeter). It takes hard work. I've gotten good grades, interned, gained relevant work experience (holding multiple jobs at the same time), and I've built my resume knowing that it will represent me in the job market. I currently have had a phone-interview for a position in another state (before graduation), but I've also talked employers in my state about a career. I think people need to really focus on not just what makes them happy, but also what is practical for the world they live in. Also, they need to look at career options they've never considered (I am one of them).  I am thankful that my career path is one that will make me personally happy, but is also more practical that the aforementioned degrees listed above. I know the economy is unstable and healthcare is changing, but I feel it was more wise to lean this way rather than my previous idea of going into the arts (painting, music, and illustration).
0	you can decide what shows up on your front page based on what subreddits you are subscribed to. It took me way too long to figure this out.
1	You're in normals and blind.. That's just how it works.. It sucks but it just does. Usually if you're the first to call something you can get it. But tbh, you can play whatever you want.. The meta doesn't have to be followed and if you dont want a jungler or want to send two mid and no one really cares, it doesnt matter.
1	Despite what the recommended items show, I tend to start with 3 Lucky Picks as soon as I can get them, followed by Boots of Mobility, ending in Archangel's Staff and Zhonya's Ring in whichever order I choose. Not only does it help your heals, but Infuse has a 0.6 Ability Power conversion rate so it'll do some decent damage.   If the game drags on from there, I'll trade in one of the picks for Frozen Heart, trade another for Ryjal's Scepter, and the last one for Guardian Angel, Deathfire Grasp, Abyssal Scepter, whatever you want really. The game's over by Ryjal's in most cases.   The recommended items seem to focus on health, armor, etc. and very little on improving your abilities. I find Innervating Locket to be kind of junky, Aegis is nice but it's meh late game, Soul Shroud is also very meh, and Guardian Angel is very situational.   When you heal for 600 hp every 6 seconds with an emergency 1200 heal that hits everyone from a pretty far distance every 45, you wonder why the other team doesn't buy Executioner's Calling.
1	yes, but they didn't buy him in the beginning because he wasn't interesting. He was dark and foreboding, and didn't look very lifelike. So you have Kogmaw that jokes around and is messy and has a penguin waddle.. its cute.   They have said in the past they are avoiding something like Skarner/Urgot because it just doesn't attract people/help people bond w said champion. That's why they never pushed forward wit hthe Hydralisk-esque champion. They said they couldn't make him relatable/likeable.
0	How I deal with this (field tested; it works):     First time you get interrupted, let it go and wait for an opening in conversation.     Second time you start, use different words, so it doesn't sound like you're repeating yourself. Also speak a little louder and more clearly.     If you get interrupted again, clear your throat loudly. This is a polite way of saying "I have something to say". Say what you were going to say, but use different words, so it doesn't sound like you had to repeat yourself.       Tips for success:     Don't get frustrated. It won't help, and just makes you look rude too. They're probably just self-absorbed, and didn't mean to be rude.     If what you wanted to say wasn't that important, let it go. You can always jump in the conversation later, and you'll save yourself stress.     When you clear your throat, do it as if you actually have something in your throat, not as if you're trying to get people's attention. It is more effective, and less rude.
1	Hmm seems logical let me just upvo-..  reaches
0	That really sucks man.  My therapist and I were talking about why people get married and have kids the other day.  She said a lot of people find that sens of purpose more appealing and rewarding in the long run then constant immediate gratification.  It really sucks that you've lost that.  Maybe talk to your children about it.  Tell them how it would meen the world to you if you could do something for them.  Find a hobby, a club, do some charity work, something that makes you feel like you're helping/making a difference to someone/something you care about.  You can do it.
0	I would try to think about the perspective of the driver and the perspective of the initial assailant.   The Assailant: He must think the driver has done something horrible, or that he can damage the property of the driver and get away with it. Either way he demonstrates poor judgement by attacking a 2 ton motile box of death while unarmed. At worst he is dumb and psychotically aggressive, while at best he is dumb and justified. Additionally, the assailant tries to stay on the hood after it moves endangering himself in the likely event the driver flees. Finally, If the driver has done something horrible, just get his plate number and press charges, call cops or otherwise deal with it, when the odds of losing the fight are not so one-sided.   The Driver: Has either done something horrible in the eyes of the assailant or nothing at all. The attack is unjust unless it was a response to an assault b the driver, which seems unlikely, as the car is pristine. If I am attacked while driving my car, my thought process will change from "mosey through traffic" to "defeat imminent threat so it can hurt no one again" or "run for life from imminent threat". If it is in front of me I hit it with the car even if I am trying to flee. Otherwise, I go into fight or flight. If I fight I have a car and they do not I should win. If I take flight I have a car and they do not all they need to do is get out of my and I flee and they are unharmed.   I would also expect that if this went to court the driver could easily get off on self defense. I would expect to if I were the driver.
1	I'd like to add some feedback on GC, coming from someone who has played WoW since the beta.  I still play now on occasion, but my days of hardcore have been over since the launch of MoP.   If I recall correctly, GC wasn't even working at Blizzard until WOTLK or TBC, I can't remember.   Anyway, I'll defer this into two seperate categories: PVP and PVE.   To me, PVE has always for the most part been balanced.  There were times when content wasn't as challenging as originally designed due to some classes being overpowered (yes, I'm looking at you paladins).  During one point in WoW, I believe the end of TBC, paladins were offensively broken.  You could have a raid with nothing but paladin healers.  If they had a decent amount of haste and mana regen, they could literally spam a heal that had a 1.3 second cast and healed tanks for a quarter of their health, all the while never dropping below 3/4 mana if they used their cd's effectively.  I know this, because I did it.  Balancing on the other classes doesn't really stand out in my mind because none of the other classes were EVER this broken in PVE.  Except maybe druids, but their healing numbers were changed gradually overtime to make them more in line.   As far as PVE goes, I've never seen a nerf that wasn't absolutely needed.  In WOTLK, paladins could 1 v 6, spam their aoe and walk away with full health.  When Cata first launched, warriors and warlocks could gimmick their way into one-shotting all but the most geared pvpers.  Lastly, as far as frost mages go, not only did GC WANT to nerf frost mages, but overtime he did.  You can see this in the highest level of play.  End of Wrath PVP tournament saw at least 1 frost mage, maybe even two, for every single 3v3 team.  By the time the end of Cata came along, the top tier teams almost never had a frost mage.  The only players that did were the most loyal of mage players.  Admittedly, frost mages are a little strong right now, but GC left in November so that's not even his fault.   Two last things:  The changes to talents and trees, I despise.  I really do.  I understand why the changes were implemented, and I even accept that maybe it wasn't even GC doing, but whoever changed the talent trees in WoW really started a spiral of me playing WoW less and less competitively.  Ever since then, and some changes to auto shot mechanics, the game has gotten WAY too easy (sorry Blizzard)   And finally, my favorite argument of all, is look at WoW PVP before GC was there.  If anyone played in Vanilla, they know what I'm talking about.  It. Was. Out. Of. Control.  The game wasn't even close to polished.  Hunters could auto attack without even facing you, and they didnt need to stutter step either.  Rogue Invis was out of control.  Warlocks could chain cc any class to death.  And Paladins were literally gods amongst men.  Lastly: twinks.  That's the only argument anyone needs.  Twinks effectively DESTROYED any chance of enjoyable PVP before end-game.  It didn't require skill to twink, just a HUGE bank account.
1	Kassadin doesn't win most lanes because he either gets outpushed and outfarmed and as a result often even gets outroamed and then there's also the issue of strong MR item options like Athene's and Abyssal which shut down his damage.
0	Wow, if you think thats the worst part of dating you have had some awesome relationships.
1	I won a game and was excited about getting to a promo series ... ended up with 90 rating (had 78 before) so not that bad.   Another win later I got 4 points.  The next win I got 2 points.  The next win I got 1 point.  Last win in my streak another single point.  Now I'm sitting at 98 and thought well one more game and I surely have it ... but I lost 6 points instead and lost the following game for another 10 points.   Apparently my hidden ELO or whatever they use wasn't ready for me to go to gold5.  This was crushing any motivation I had playing ranked as you can surely tell.  The fact that I went 7-0 in my placement games and ending 7-3 and getting placed silver1 didn't help either.
1	My point is that you are basing it on one game. You are not mentioning the other three games they played last week.   4/4/11 Olaf 3/0/7 Elise 1/3/10 Olaf   Those don't look like poor games to me...
0	Doctors get paid much better in the states. Mind you, they get paid a fucking shitload in the states. They get paid well in Canada but in Quebec there's a lot of bullshit work added on top that makes them want to leave.
1	the only issue is that there are teams of people that work in the stages of champion production that have nowhere else to do. For example how can somebody who animates character models be expected to be able to just start coding a new client. It is because of this that champion production can never stop unless several people are fired or massive relocations are done to the refurbishing of older champs and other areas in which their skill base is useful. Also champions make money e.g. i payed RP for the new champ to get his skin today. Had they come out with a new client instead Riot may have had positive feedback from the community but wouldn't have received my money, something their business model is 100% dependant on.
0	It doesn't say to assume they're all idiots; just that you shouldn't trust other drivers. You can communicate and look for their signals, just as you were taught. However, there are too many accidents because people trust other drivers to be 100% consistent with what they're doing. Back off a bit from the car ahead of you, make sure you know for sure that the car next to you is out of the way, don't wait until the last second to start slowing down, etc, etc, etc. We're all human, and even though we're able to communicate while driving, there are many who don't. At the same time, we're plenty prone to making mistakes while behind the wheel, and having distractions like passengers, things on the road, advertisements, other cars (sometimes), the radio, and even a phone can only make the chances of messing up that much worse. Plus, I've never seen anybody drive perfectly. Every time I ride with friends, the driver always has their little quirks behind the wheel, and I tend to have a few of my own. It's all on who has control of the car, and you can never tell who does what. It's fine to communicate and assume that the drivers know what they're doing, but it's just a matter of being aware that a single, little mistake can lead to something much worse. You never know, that shiny new truck in front of you might have somebody texting behind the wheel. If you're trusting that person to drive right, then you'll only end up caught up in that wreck.   Yeah, it's a lot of "if" stuff here, but when it comes to driving, I think that better safe than sorry is a  nice way of looking at it. Driving isn't a perilous experience, full of flaming engines and flying car parts, but that  one time  that something goes wrong, the drivers are always left with that sense of, "if only I'd done X differently."
1	Level 1 invades are honestly one of the things I enjoy most about watching league.   The absolute highest level of play with insane coordination.  Any team can stand on the "line of scrimmage" and monitor invades but if you watch Korea(more so in S3 or even eu) early invades were so exciting.  You actually hold your breath wondering if they are going to facecheck into that bush or blind hook/shen taunt etc.   I think that the whole lvl 1 kill = gg sucks but if they put a mechanic in to have a window of time to even up the gold after a first blood or something it would be great.  Maybe put a debuff on whoever gets first blood making them worth some more gold for a period of time after first blood?  It would be cool to have casters focus on say the mid laner after since he has a 5 minute debuff or something wondering if/when the other team is going to try and make a play on them.
1	maybe if he hates everything that Riot does he should go and play Dota?   Pls continue to hate on Riot because people hack their game. Do you hate on Valve cause Organner/x22 found another way to create an aimbot to bypass VAC?   So you hate on Riot for using Adobe Air and in the SAME post you cry about money? Are you even aware how Riot started? They had NOTHING; they cant just create their own client engine from 0 $, so they use the cheapest and easiest to do: Adobe Air.  "but thats was like 4 or 5 yearz agoz?!!!1!!111!" Yes and Riot stated multiple times that just creating a complete new launcher is not something that just can be done. That takes really really long.   "But whats abouts Replay system?!"   I dont get why people are so focussed on the Replay system. I rather have them put their money into esports, servers and the actual game and maybe new game mode content than fucking replay system.   "Riot does nothings for communitys. They ignores us"   Yes, yes they do. Thats why they have a gigantic never seen before esports branch with which they lose money and only make hypothetically profit (huge finals attract new people, new people = more players, more player = hopefully more RP, <-- = hopefully more than what they spend on esports).   Just go and shut up. Complain somewhere else or atleast do it an orderly fashion so one can atleast discuss things with you.
1	Straight talk, despite the fact that she's now one of the least played champions and sees very little use competitive she's still good.  As in, if you knew how to play her when she was imba OP you can still beat people in lane and in mid-late game with her assuming they aren't way stronger than you.   I think her biggest problem is that now there are champions who burst harder than her (they already did when she was OP) and there are champions that can zone better than her (Ahri, Xerath).  I think she could stand to have a  slight  buff to either her range or damage but otherwise she's still good.  Her problem just lies in the fact that there are too many APs that do the job of bursting, zoning, and initiating better than her but I can't think of any AP carry in the game that offers as much utility as Orianna does.
1	PENTASSIST!"   As a support "main" (as much as one can really be an anything main at low elo) I think it's one of those ideas involving computers that sounds really nice in theory, but in practice wouldn't really work. And not only because of the extra programming involved, but also because of how many aspects there are to supporting.   For instance, if I'm playing Soraka and use Wish at my fountain, saving my ADCs life at the enemy nexus turrets and allowing him to get a kill and escape with 10hp, should that count as an assist?   If I'm Leona and already have three assists since I last died, should my assist spree end just because I'm the one who engaged and took the reactionary damage? I died, but because I took all those spells to the face, my team was able to mop up the enemy really fast.
0	While i do agree it doesnt seem like that big of a deal we cant know for sure, I used to go to church with someone just to be there with them (Im an athiest) and i wouldnt do much there but then when someone figured out i was an athiest I was basically looked down upon by everyone and it became terrible going to church, it felt like being the kid in school who no one liked or wanted there. Moral is it could actually be a pretty big thing for him to go, although i dont think sexual favors should really ever be used in bargaining, kinda ruins the point.
1	As long as the mobility comes at a cost, I don't mind the mobility. Yasuo's mobility isn't a problem because he has to have an enemy target, and he can't retarget an enemy for a time. He has to think about using his mobility to it's most. Lee Sin needs to hit a skill shot Q before jumping, or needs an all/ward nearby. Again, you have to plan and think and it's a high skill cap.   Adding in more point and click type mobility is bad, IMO. You either need to trade off damage/CC elsewhere in the kit, or suffer the too strong issue. Vi is in that space right now. She has plenty of damage and CC to go along with her Mobility, and she's not even that squishy. It is shown to be an issue.
0	My bike was stolen from my stairwell in the block I live in whilst I was on holiday even though it was secured. Called the police and took my statement. Apparently a neighbour saw someone walk out with it and looked up toward my flat and waved as if they were borrowing the bike from me. Sneaky bastards. A week later I got a call informing me that the case is closed as there is no real evidence of the bike being stolen. Bar from the fact ITS NO LONGER THERE, cant do anything about it. Insurance company wont pay out as it wasn't in my flat. Pisses me off but cant let it stress me out.
0	Anyone that will actually stop to let a pedestrian cross the road is doing a good deed. Men can't look at an unknown woman without assessing their attractiveness(just how it works).   That said, the sort of jerk-o who would actually look you up and down is probably not the empathetic person who would actually stop their car and let another human being have the right of way.
1	I hate to be the guy that has to say it, but I believe that if this was ever implemented it would only ever work in Ranked matches.   It would never work in Normals.  Blind Pick/Draft, you can have more than two people queueing up together.  This makes it so they can troll whoever the fuck they want to troll in whatever way they can.  This can already cause problems for solo players because then the teamed up players can just mess with the solo player(s).   If this is implemented in a ranked queue, you have a max of two people queueing together.  With a max of one duo queue per team.  Meaning there are two people that may be playing together, and then three solo players.  Two people can't make a vote by themselves.  They have to convince at least one other person to go along with them.  And as long as somebody isn't being toxic, they have no worries.  The other players won't mob mentality that because there's only five of them total.  Mob mentality can't apply there.  Two people can't really start it happening in such a short amount of time.  And if the duo queue partners start being toxic about it, the other three have the power to veto them out of the game.  Which is important.
0	I inadvertently started growing a beard recently. (My electric razor self-destructed.)  To my surprise, suddenly, my wife and daughter are more in love with the idea of me having beard than I am.  My coworkers have nothing negative to say. I've not experienced one incident of derisive laughter. And my beard isn't particularly impressive.
1	first of all, she applies tons of pressure just by being in the game. The terror of a stealthed Eve ganking you basically means that it's a huge risk to push lanes without investing tons of money in stealth wards. In addition to that, her flanks are amazing. You will often see her sneak behind the enemy team in teamfights, then hitting enemies with her ult (which usually hits maybe 4 enemies) which grants her a massive shield and allowing her team to engage on the slowed targets.
1	I was playing Amumu with a Jarvan on my team. Enemy team had an Amumu too. One team fight, I ult as amumu, then enemy amumu ults right after. Jarvan jumps on top of enemy Amumu (the carries weren't targeted since their amumu just ulted, so he was in the midst of us, and this was Bronze) and catches me in it as well as well. Then J4 gets hit by a bunch of chain cc so it's pretty much just me and the other amumu stuck in J4 ult, crying and hitting each other.
0	I think that the problem a lot of people have is the lack of ability to really quantify it.   How do we really know you're learning? In things like math and science, there are tests. Do you know how to do A? Do you know how to do B? and so on.   But with things like this, a lot of it can depend on your teacher and be very biased.   My sister once took a native americans studies class and completely failed an essay because she took an anti-native american stance on the issue. It seemed to be perfectly well researched and argued, but her teacher most certainly read it and thought 'this girl just doesn't get it' because her opinion didn't agree with hers.   And that's a natural human reaction. We think we're right, and have a hard time seeing other points. But with math and science, opinion is for the most part taken out.   While I think reading about and learning these things to be fascinating, I would never get a degree in women's studies. Because I am getting a degree to essentially prove I learned something, and I just don't think a degree in this field proves much of anything to anyone.   I think that fields like business management and psychology get more respect because while there is a lot of human interpretation, there is still 'numbers' which makes it feel more substantial.
1	Nah it does not offend me, I do even agree with your stand point. But if you manage to be way shorter and more pregnant with your text and find a better
0	Marxism was like the original, most complete form of communism, where there is no government whatsoever and the working class has risen up to conquer the bourgeosie (basically factory owners or middle class) and everyone is equal. Socialism is where the government controls all business but people can still own private property. Capitalism is basically every man for himself, where those who succeed are rewarded financially and those who fail are stuck in poverty. In reality, all of these systems don't exist exactly as they are. Complete Marxism and complete capitalism are equally infeasible.   Source: Honors History class, in high school. (I have a 4.5 GPA... I think I'm pretty reliable, regardless of my education)
0	I am 5'11" 190 and my gf is 5'9 130 and very slender. I can almost fit in to her pants.
1	Look at this quick search.]( You'd be surprised at how many times this exact sugestion appears, and never gets upvoted because it's a bad idea.
