1	fraction of the mid champs we have now   Here is a complete list of mid champs released since Brand:     Orianna   Xerath   Fizz   Ahri   Viktor   Ziggs  (forgot about him at first, wtf)     And... that's it. Now let's compare it to the ones who were released before Brand!     Annie   Morgana   Ryze   Sion   TF   Zilean   Karthus   Anivia   Veigar   Kassadin   Katarina   Heimerdinger   Nidalee   Gragas   Mordekaiser   Kennen   Akali   Malzahar   Kog'Maw   Vladimir   Galio   Swain   Lux   LeBlanc   Cassiopeia
1	I run flat damage reds, health per lvl yellows, mr per level blues, and flat damage quints. I start off with a Doran's Blade if I am duo lane, or a Vamp Sceptor if I am solo so I can build a wriggles from it. I then build a phage if I need more sustainability or a Brutalizer if I am doing good. I then just build the page into a Frozen Mallet and Brutalizer into a Yosumuu's. I build Atma's and then build whatever I need depending on the enemy team composition. I don't like building full glass cannon because you won't last more than 5 seconds in a team fight.
0	As analogies go, I think you hit the nail on the head: associating a leader of a country, in spite of said leaders progressive attitudes, with the most backwards aspect of his country.   I can see how some might be upset, but I'd like to think that an image macro, by its very nature, gains something of a buffer against total logical dissertation. I think it's the whole point that they're inaccurate generalizations. In a world where pictures of frogs are associated with slovenliness and babies announce our success to the stars, I think any connotations of the potential for an actual political message are lost. The most I would consider this is a hurdle in a race of tolerance and open-mindedness: Dealing with a stereotype that many people clearly think represents your people, and being mindful to do whatever you can to eliminate that stereotype, rather than just silence and deny it.
0	This reminds me of a similar story from my friend:   He and his friends liked Tool in highschool, and they really, really liked this song called  Die Eier Von Satan  got really into this song, and were so intrigued by it's meaning, especially the intense part at the end of the song where the man is ranting in German and forcefully emits this shout of ["und KEINE EIER"]( followed by the cheers of a crowd.... then he yells it again: " und KEINE EIER!! "   Fast forward a few months when a German exchange student is placed in their class. The very first thing they thought is: "We've got to get him to tell us what Die Eier Von Satan means, and what Keine Eier means!"   They ask the kid, give him some headphones, press play, and watch as the kid listens intently....   ...   He listens. Suddenly his head pops up in confusion. He looks around, unsure.... my friends are salivating in anticipation.   "WELL??"  they ask.   "This..." he says in a heavy German accent. "This is a recipe. Jah. This is a cake recipe. Sugar, salt, butter- and no eggs... he's very serious about that.  und keine einer  means  and no eggs !"
1	I really dont see the issue with the new theme.. It seems like people are just circlejerking the "Change bad, everything must stay the same". The old theme was very outdated, way too simple, boring and in all ways horrible to look at. The new theme looks fantastic compared to the old one, and I actually find it pleasant to read text with the new background.
0	This is a very educated reply, thank you. People fail to realize that the civil war wasn't even about slavery at all. It was about state's rights. Slavery was a sub-issue of states rights, and one of the keynote points that ignited the war because an end to slavery would cripple the south's then agriculture-dominated economy.   What the flag represents is:     Standing up for what you believe in     Not backing down to misplaced authority or the will of others who don't have the right to oppress you. The Southerners believed that the Federal Gov't, and The North by extension after the secession of the southern states, wanted to take away the right of the states to impose their own laws upon their land and their people.     Pride in who your ancestors were and what brought you and your family to where you are today, regardless of the circumstances (what they fought for, etc).      As far as I know, I don't even have ancestors who participated in the war and if I do I don't know who they are or what side they fought for. But from what I do know, my family has strong roots in The South and I was born and raised here and have pride in my family and my heritage although I do not support slavery or the oppression of any people on any unjust grounds at all.
1	it's software which is installed during the initial instalation of LoL. It has no purpose afterwards, but, it keeps on uploading data constantly, without you knowing about it, and as such it slows down your game.
1	Here's a conversation]( I had with Riot Lyte on a similar issue. I've gotten 4 permabanned accounts for toxicity, and people really underestimate how difficult it can be for some people to "Just stop raging". It's not that simple.
1	i run then on kennen mid its op, i go boots 2 dorans blades then full ap often ppl get tricked into getting armor too lol. its only worth on kennen imo cause his ad scaling on W and the fact he aa's anyway to get his w up. and i still go magic pen blues and spell vamp quints cause ultimately i still go ap.
1	No I agree that the difference in mechanical skill between high golds to low diamond is can be minute. Imo there are three types of diamonds:   1) High mechanical skill, stomps lane to diamond   2) Good map awareness/control, takes objectives to diamond   3) Diamonds who can do both and actually climb past diamond 4   Well, I'm just a lowly plat myself and can't climb atm due to school (or maybe I can't because I'm bad. w/e), but I believe this is the case talking with diamond friends and playing with/against them.   Anyways, my point in that post was that bronze players and perhaps silver don't know how to play the game yet generally. For example, to write a good book you also need a decent vocabulary and grammar. Players of all elo can say that have the vocabulary aspect of league down through theorycraft. However, if these players don't know the essentials of laning (grammar in my analogy) such as not taking free harass,  last-hitting,  positioning yourself in lane to react to ganks,  last-hitting,  to understand when to push or b depending on the enemy jungle's position.... Most gold players understand the basics of this in their play, even if not on a cognitive level. This may sound pretentious, but until players generally conceptualize how to play league on this level, I don't think they should worry about being innovative because it won't matter since they can't pull it off. I'm not trying to bash low elo players but I think it's safe to say that they just haven't learned the basics of the game yet.
1	Shen just got a buff, and i still feel shen is a trash tier champ.   Yes i ate my words when scarra played shen ina pro match, but even as well played and well farmed as he was, shen did not have the damage damage output as another character would have, like whoever he might have played in games 1 and 3.
1	Did you just use the numbers for a 2000 hp target on a 1500 hp target?   now imagine just lowering that by 25% for MR.  You still haven't killed an AD carry and you have blown everything.  You haven't made it 6v4 and you have no sustainability in team fights because you didn't get WotA.  You also have gold invested in stats that you don't need.   What you are building for is strength at a very specific point in the game, but due to your items choices you probably will fall off harder later on.  Also, DFG does 30% of current health (not 35% like you're using).   Now reduce your DFG damage by 175 damage and your ult by 72.5 damage.  so its 450+450+217.5+1.4 AP+(AP/100 0.035*current HP of target)(The AP ratio on the ult isn't 0.4, but I don't even want to bother calculating it) = 1,117.5 Without factoring AP.  Now your 1500 HP target is still alive and given that they probably had about 25% damage reduction, you've only done a little over half their hp in damage.  The ignite and the rest of your ult wont kill them.  They probably also have lifesteal and heal and escapes.  So you essentially did nothing in that team fight.   What youre comparing it to is will of the ancients because thats a more common first item than Deathcap.   Which will do less damage, but you just gave your team a nice aura.   The question is, what do you build after your DFG?  The person who built the will can now go for deathcap or Rylai, what do you get?  What do you get when you can't burst a target down anymore (which you werent even doing in the first place)?   The other question is, why didnt you max W before Q?  If you actually intend to teamfight that W is more useful for yourself, your own AD carry or, if you really went more glass cannon, your initiator.  W base damage on a single target would be 480 damage, now if its someone who jumped into the fray (like yourself because you would have spellvamp instead of a DFG) it'd do even more, which would keep your shield up better which would keep you alive longer which would allow you to do more damage.
1	Yes they very well may turn out that way.
1	That's not what it says. But it's pretty close.   The Graph shows how much average gold a role should be getting. Same as during the Midshotgg era of CLG they took a lot of gold from mid, Nintendude gets way less gold than should be "average." Basically what this means is, while Oddone would be getting an ancient golem and locket, Nintendude would barely finish his ancient golem.
1	Okay, here's my two cents.   In 90% of cases, fans and players get too sensitive because they've grown up behind a PC, are still quite young, haven't been out constantly in the open world and don't know the process of having a full-on proper discussion (not an argument or rant) because they haven't had many of these confrontational or 'strong discussion' experiences in the real world, and they think there is no consequences for their words be it emotional or response keyboard warrior'ing.   You may not like that fact, but it's god-damn true. I used to be one of those players when I was a young kid who got super aggressive and thought I was the boss, saying what I like at my computer.   Now a bit older, and doing rather well in the open and real world, I deal with a lot of confrontational situations in my job and through my career, and if someone disagrees or makes a rather negative comment, it is dealt with MASSIVELY different to then it was.
1	For clarification HTC m7 is the HTC one. The first HTC one that came out is called the m7. I'm currently using the HTC one m8. And the HTC one m9 is coming out soon if not already available.
1	I must have the best of both worlds since my brother and I spent last Saturday playing Pantheon + Jarvan bottom. I played the 'support' of the lane as Jarvan since I zoned while he farmed (I have more utility anyway in my Cataclysm.)   Basically, Pantheon's 100% assured CC lets me land my EQ combo very easily and my passive damage with his QE, wow.   Also, if you ever see Soraka and think "oh Phreak's nipples - boring match." just remember, kill lanes COMPLETELY counter her and that armor buff is just more lambs to the slaughter.  I guess that makes sense.
0	You also sound like my boss. Oh sure, he comes over for barbecues. I know his wife. He knows my girlfriend. But fuck me sideways if I don't hate his fucking face more than anything. If my boss were to tell people what I think of him, it wouldn't sound anything like if I were to tell people what I think of him.
0	Classic. The first time I saw one in person it was very special for me. I was about 13 and I was with this girl that I really liked. Both of our families were close and we all went on a hiking trip. Well she wasn't having too much fun because about a week before, she had sprained her ankle playing soccer, so she stayed behind for the most part. I went with them for awhile but after about half an hour I got tired, then bitches and moaned until my mom let me go back to the camp. At that point I had totally forgotten about that girl and I had also forgotten which rent was mine. Well I walked into her tent and she was half way undressed. Being the wimp I was back then, I immediately scurried out of there. As I cowered in fear outside of the tent I heard her say "Wait, come back in here!" So I did just that and she looked me dead in the eyes and said "Let's do it." I didn't even know what to do but I was so excited that I just threw everything off except my underwear. She also got undressed but being as excited as I was, I thought I'd help her. I started to pull off her pants when she stopped me and whispered in my ear "Before we do it, I'm gonna need something." I replied emphatically "Yes, anything of course!" She looked me in the eye with a seductive look and said ".....imma need bout tree fiddy." That's when I realized that she was actually a 5-story tall crustacean from the Paleozoic era.
0	I've had a moderate to severe stammer throughout my life, it comes and goes but has got better throughout adult life. I'm 25 now and don't even worry about it anymore, people I work with and obviously my friends are mature enough to look past it.   That being said I still fall to pieces on the phone, I'm not too bad in normal conversation with people on the phone because I've grown to switch words with an equivalent word and avoid any hard locks for the most part, however if I'm required to ask for someone by name I can never get it out and have been hung up on numerous times which is always a kick in the feels. Also I'm a programmer by trade and there are certain words that can't be switched out (class, boolean etc), this also causes complications.
0	Some people say that the definition of racism is that it is systemic, and therefore would not apply to white people in majority white/white privileged areas.
1	Yeah, but it can only tie accounts to computers, implying computers are tied to people. Which is hardly the case.   If I share my computer with my roommate, and he's toxic, I should not get banned. I should be innocent until they prove I'm my roommate, but with this kind of system, I would be banned and would have to go through the hassle of proving Riot I'm not him, and god knows when and if I'm going to be unbanned.   It also trusts that the computer is sending truthful information. For example, the server would ask the client what hardware the user has, and it can't tell that the client is telling the truth. A malicious user should be able to modify the client to send fake hardware information, avoiding cross-account bans. And worst of all, if the malicious user happens to get another user's hardware information, he could pretend to be the user and get him banned.
0	i've only been in danger of being hit by a car in a building one time. ONE TIME. and it was a woman in one of the larger jeep options. her gas pedal was "stuck", or so she said, but she did immediately reverse out into the parking spot and started calling insurance and husband.
1	Silence denies the enemy champions of vital abilities, not to mention it can interrupt huge abilities with a cast time. Oh you were hoping to use your ulti to secure that kill? Nope. Silenced. Plus her heal, plus her own ulti to heal again, and you've successfully saved your adc.   Nidalee, on the other hand: enemies are going for an all in on you and your adc. Stun them? Nope. Slow them? Nope. Exhaust? If it's not on cooldown. But hey, have some health and I'll try to scare them away with my auto-attacks. Javelin toss? Pssh, only good damage from far away.
0	Get out of there as quick as you can is my advice.   Something similar happened to me, I worked for a small company as an Accounts assistant helping with accounts for care homes. There was 3 members of the admin team which was made smaller when the owner went bankrupt. Her husband took on the company and was the owner on paper however she still was in charge. The office assistant was let go, she was a family friend of the boss who got paid (more than me) to sit on Facebook all day while I did her work for £2.50 an hour the then apprenticeship wage for a year. I took on her workload that she neglected, so I had a lot of systems and fuck ups to sort. After two years I had got it down to clockwork it was busy but possible.   They then decided to take on another 30 bed care home that was failing and needed a lot of work gave us two weeks notice before Christmas. Adding to the 20 bed care home and the 30 bed care home they had already, also the company I worked for. Christmas is already a busy time as everything needs to be done in advance and it was the end of the tax year for one of the care homes we had. So we had to do overtime just to make sure everything was done and they agreed to pay overtime for December only. We were working overtime everyday and couldn't afford to take any time off which led to lots of unused annual leave.   Me and my manager were still working overtime well into March however it wasn't paid it was time owed (extra holiday days we already couldn't take.) I was told I had to use my annual leave or I would lose it, so I had two weeks to take off in March that was split into half days and random days off. Which I couldn't afford to take I was rushing trying to get everything done and I made a mistake. I came back from an annual leave day to a disaplinary, which I wasn't made aware of, only told I had a meeting in the afternoon and not to worry. I had no time to plan or bring someone to the meeting, there was no evidence and they had the letter ready before the meeting had even taken place. So even if I was aware and could of planned I was going to be given a written warning regardless. I mentioned that I didn't have time for all of my workload anymore, my managers response was make time.   After that I felt trapped as it was my first real job and a written warning stays on your file for 6 months and makes getting another job more difficult, I was already feeling worn out from the workload. I decided to stick it out until the disaplinary expired.   I worked even more overtime and didn't have time for lunch and felt too stressed to eat (we never had a lunch break in the 3 years I worked there, I just went and got lunch for me and my manager and sat and worked.) I lost over two stone in weight in less than three months due to stress.   A mistake I made during March when I had to take my annual leave came to light and I was put on suspension. Shortly after so was my manager as she was also making mistakes and not keeping up. I was pretty much suicidal during those last few months at the company I stopped looking when crossing the road, in my head it was so I wouldn't have to go back to work and be trapped. I left after I was suspended due to my doctor saying the job was going to kill me and wasn't worth it for minmum wage. I lost all my time owed and holidays aswell and was paid my last paycheck four months after leaving.   I now work at a call centre the only job that would have me, weirdly enough I get thanked a lot more for a lot less. It is also far less stressful and pays me over minimum wage. I never want to work in accounts again or for a small company, just need to figure out what I want to do with my life. I now hold all companies in contempt at 21 and feel jaded the experience has left me with anxiety.   Well that went on for a long time, sorry.
1	That is hardly proof, they cite no source for saying he made it after the accident and the lore of Wukong does not indicate in any way that it is a new weapon created, only that it was given to Wukong by Doran and that it is a masterpiece.   In fact Wukongs lore hints at this weapon from being before the accident as it is written like this. >...gave him a weapon suited to his unusual nature - an enchanted staff that the young Doran had crafted. The weapon was an unrivalled masterpiece.   The way it is phrased hints, if at anything, at the staff being crafted BEFORE the accident as it was crafted by "the young" Doran. It is definitely not proof of this, but there is no proof of the opposite either. I just draw my conclusion from the fact that he before the accident was brilliant enough to be invited to the league of legends into a position of master artifiser, you don't do that on a hope he can be great, you are gonna want to look at already created masterpieces.   It is far more likely that Doran created the staff before the accident as one of his masterpieces, than that he now creates simple items and then an unrivaled masterpiece.
0	this wizardry might -- MIGHT -- be faster than me fishing out my phone, unlocking it, opening the folder called "Calculate", opening the Conversion app, selecting the Distance mode, setting the units to Mi->Km, and typing in 150. Because I'm not super fast at math.
1	How many times will we see this " premade whinning " ? I played Solo s3 and only Duo s4.   Only thing premades really destroys is fairness if they have a lot of divisions gap ( exagerated exemple : Plat 5 with bronze 5 ).  After that...   1rst point : It's usually Premade + 3 vs Premade + 3. So a duo can match another one. I think it was first designed to be duo bot + 3. As duo requires more synergy than other lane. I' d rather be matched in a duo with my pre' who isn't awesome bot than to play with a random guy who has 80% of flaming because you don't play like he likes his bot partner to play.   2nd point : Flaming against premades is the same as flaming against anyone. You may be solo or duo, you'll still get flamed if you died, even if it makes you go 8 /1 instead of 8 /0. And muting two randoms or two premades, what does it change ?   3rd point : Premades are as good or as bad as any randoms, but only the ones failing are noticed.
0	Here’s my story,   I worked with three people, two guys and a girl.   One of the guys and the girl started going out. On the second or third date she tells him upfront that she has herpes. He is young, doesn’t know how to handle it and bails on her almost immediately. It crushes her and she spreads rumors around work that he had trouble performing on their big night. To his credit he doesn’t say anything bad in return, other than to me and another close friend of his.  Fast Forward years later and I work in a different part of the company and this other guy I’m working with mentions that he used to date the same girl (He was going for bragging rights because she was extremely good looking) and I said “Oh, wow. So you didn’t have a problem with her herpes?” The guys face turns ghost white. He had since been married for a few years. He starts getting all agitated saying I’m lying. I told him I had direct knowledge from someone who walked away because he couldn’t deal with it. We go over the dates buddy one went out with her and when buddy two went out with her. We call buddy one and he confirms over the phone his part of the story.  Now buddy two  is livid and wants to confront her and I’m thinking we’re all going to get in trouble with HR. I told him its obvious he didn’t catch anything and to cool it. I tell him to go head to a planned parenthood and get tested. If he is clear no one else has to know.  I don’t bring it up ever again and as far as I know he is fine.
1	Ahri has really good mobility with her ult. She can chase people down or run away really effectively. Also, her poke is really good and if you manage to land her charm it's really rewarding.   Another thing about her charm is that it brings people towards you, helping your team get a kill on someone who is out of position.   Slightly off-topic: I hope you mean "ult" when you say "global".
0	Life is too short to spend it working 9-5 every weekday for the rest of your active life. Why work hard to spend all your money on a boring retirement home in Florida, which you might not even live to see.
0	It's been a few years since I graduated from a music conservatory, but I remember talking to a piano professor once on the subject of playing Bach too "Straight". His theory (and the theory of some others) was that a little bit of swing to Baroque pieces was not only acceptable, but historically accurate. Metronomes (the kind that we now know) weren't going to be invented until the early 1800's, and the concept of all beats having exactly equal lengths wasn't a part of the music world at that time. There was also a lack of information about Bach & his contemporaries up until about the 70's, so we're really just beginning to understand him again. Try (literally) Jazzing it up, the different stresses that he hides in his work can really make it groove.
1	What was the process you went through to get on those teams. When did you realize that going pro wasnt for you? Were those teams brutally honest with you and told you to gtfo or were they really welcoming to you. Was it a close cut? things like that.
1	Just today I lost bot lane because of comcast, I was Thresh and had 400 ping the whole lane. I asked after game if they could tell and Leona said yes it was quite obvious. Called comcast after and they fixed the issue.
0	My grandmother is like this.  She picked my uncle and my mother to be the "bad children" but she made life miserable for her other four children as well.  She lies constantly and without any discernable agenda- she just likes to try to pit her children against each other.  She's a hypochondriac pill seeker.  She berates everyone- as her grandchild I was spared but all the children and in-laws got heapings of "I wish you were deads" and "you're a bitch" (she actually called my mother a bitch in front of everyone at Christmas because my mother took her gift in the Yankee swap).   Each isolated event isn't bad but when you look at the course of thirty or forty years of this, it's enough.  I found out today that she's being shipped to a nursing home permanently.  We all feel very free of her.  My uncle, a very sweet man who's had to live with her shit and finally turned his life around with AA, no longer acknowledges she's alive.  She's never met her great-grandson and never will.
1	All this really tells me is that Liandry's/Rylais is a good combo on her, something everyone already knew and built, sometimes even on support, and that Banner has added synergy with champions who create their own minions.   I get it, the spirit of the lizard elder lets her plants do true damage, but its not worth the 2k of the sink.  If the goal really is to make the plants hit hard then building straight AP will buff their damage.  More penetration in the form of abyssal and void staff or even just a rabadon's, I'd imagine (haven't looked at the numbers) give comparable plant damage while also buffing up her other abilities.
1	When I created an account in Brazil to play with a foreign friend, at level 17 we were matched against two Pain gaming players.   I was mid as TF I think and was completely rolled by their Lissandra.   Brazil, at the time, had such a small player base that matchmaking was all over the place.   In NA I have had similar experiences but it's usually because of the way duo/groups work. You get like a level 30 playing with several low levels. Highest I've ever went against in NA doing that is probably Diamond though.
1	A lot of people most likely be interested in it, you may as well just start doing it and advertising the stream as opposed to asking first because although people may say they dislike the idea they may actually like it when it's up and running. But you'll have to really work at it as there are so many people that do it as well as so many pro streamers that give running commentary on their streams all the way through such as; Scarra and Oddone.
0	They did the same thing to me when I quit my last job to have a baby.  I told them when I was three months pregnant that I was going to be quitting when I was eight months pregnant.  So that's 5 months' notice that I was quitting and they needed to hire someone to train to take over my position.  When I put in my official 2 weeks' notice 4.5 months later, my boss freaked out and said he needed me to stay and work because he hadn't hired anyone yet and I needed to train them.  I told him too bad.  I went into labor that night.  HE ACTUALLY TEXTED ME ASKING IF I WAS COMING IN.  I was like "I'M IN FUCKING LABOR YOU TWAT."
1	he's provoking an argument that isn't ever going to happen.   Thorin ALWAYS wants an honest, no-bullshit answer (if you watched his reflections videos, you would know how much he loves to put the interviewee on the spot at the end of each video). He structures his questions this way to make sure that Monte doesn't say, "Oh, he didn't perform as good as he usually does, but overall, he's a great top laner."   The whole point of Thorin's interviews -  No bullshit, honest answers.   And remember, Montecristo was invited to this show as a person who is familiar with Korean scene and league of legends meta in general. He, as a professional, HAVE to avoid bias (which is bias towards his team, CLG). Thorin is making sure that the discussion about the most important and the most close Bo3 in NA playoffs (and the longest rivalry in the League of Legends) is not affected by Monte's personal preferences. If Nien fucked up and cost them the spot at the All-stars - I, as a viewer, want to know that. What's the point in avoiding topics that potentially can change my affection towards a particular team? It's simply a style of interviewing and entertaining at the same time (considering that 10k people are watching you and they want to know what an analyst like Monte really thinks).
0	Hey I'm a 90's kid, and this absolutely fucking enrages me. I was diagnosed after I finished school and I can't tell you how much difficulty i had during school because of ADD. To suggest that I have now accepted mediocrity with my diagnosis is incredibly offensive. Did you stop to think that there may be kids just like you getting beaten who can't simply improve their grades on a whim. What you need to do is read more and speak less. I don't know if i've seen a more blatantly ignorant post on reddit to date.
0	lol? why? she's right. 11 months out of the year i'm happy to see chubby/fat people in the gym with me working. I'm proud because actually getting up and going to a place where a lot of people are already physically aesthetic is the hardest part.   NY resolutionists can smd though. 90% of them are there for 3 weeks, they do nothing but steal time and gains from me by squatting their hamhocks or wrapping their sausages-for-fingers around weights i need while following some miracle diet that's going to not only help them drop 70 lbs in 2 weeks but it's also SPOT REDUCTION WOOO.
0	It's more than that, IMO. WE all need to realize that we don't end the people anymore. We have within the means of this era the ability to ensure that literally all Americans can connect with the world. Politicians, newspapers,  and news anchors were from a time when information dissemination was slow. A big part of the reason America stayed ahead  in the world technologically was because we have always had an efficient method of information dissemination. Whomever motivated the standardization of the World Wide Web, that's when the model changed. We just haven't figured out how to capitalize on it and now even the internet is headed towards becoming sequestered from people so it too can be controlled.  Politicians used to consist of a chain of communication from the local level to the president. Today, it is nearly impossible to direct the leader of our country. In today's world, the impetus is on protecting information.  When I first discovered reddit, I thought to myself, here comes global barter, the end of judges and lawyers, and a redefining of the role politicians play in policy generation. What it has become is a new place to have the same arguments and simply using a different forum in which to battle. Reddit itself is even evolving an idealogical predictability that comes from mob influence.  I only respond because the actual advice mallard is, 'vote for the people who can get the job done,' and, 'the only way to figure out who can get the job done is if we all through literally everyone in the pool an let the winner be decided by redditors in this kind of open forum discussion where bullshit usually sinks quickly and you have access to economists, climatologists, biologists, lawyers, teachers, engineers, zoologists, contractors, developers, web designers, programmers, hackers, inventors. . . Everyone. You people are the ones I want to advise me on how my country should be run.  Right now it's Nestle, Dole, the AARP, USDA, General Dynamics, Monsanto, the NRA, Boeing, JP Morgan, Chase...I don't even really know. Does anyone anymore?  Politicians are a tool to concentrate allegiances and it is cheaper to lobby than to just Cowboy the fuck up as a business and truly serve the people a fair deal and a quality good or service who are going to keep the country running while you summer in the Hamptons. I don't want to know who to vote for. I don't even need a senator or a representative, I just want access to the pertinent information, the ability to make my own decision, and a way to offer that opinion to my president or fellow citizen without anything in between us accept the bullshit meter on this site?  I'm fine with that. Have you ever seen how fast reddit answers a question or challenges the BS? With a little follow up, you can carve out the BS quickly and you can literally ask anyone anything. I don't see reddit get it too wrong collectively very often.  And when they get it right, well, that's a beautiful thing.  We've already figured out how to connect to each other. We need to stop voting for the next monkey-for-hire and them arguing about why things don't work. Out next president should be a group of people from many disciplines that no one has ever heard of before.  So, reddit there's the kharmical golden chalice:  answer the question, 'what should the next national political selection process look like to guarantee the best chance of a positive outcome for all, and what's the name of the app for that?'
1	EDIT  : Check the comment by /u/nbxx below   I can't really follow what you are saying. I'll try my best though :   EG and Alliance are in different regions, there is no problem with them having conflicting interests. I do not know if Amazon owns them either but that wouldn't change anything.   Sponsoring a team is allowed no matter how many other teams you are already sponsoring - this is the reason Curse sold their teams so that they could sponsor multiple ones instead.   The Curse team group merged with the Liquid on to make the new main "curse" team and the Curse Academy team will have to find a new owner (if they haven't already, I am not up to date with this) since the curse organization pulled from owning teams completely.   China is, indeed, a bit weird. Riot can't really control them.
0	This is not a confession its an opinion.  Most people don't like seeing children get beat.
0	It sounds like she has [Borderline Personality Disorder]( and may or may not have bipolar disorder.  The two usually go hand in hand though, esp. in women.  She's probably Type II if anything.  Type Is can go days without sleeping, feel euphoric, and often have delusions and hallucinations.  Not too many people are Type I.   I recommend you learn everything you can on BPD.  Figure out a way to work with her in the bounds of her disorder.  If that means finding a way to leave her, then so be it.  If it means finding a way to love her again, then I applaud you for trying.  Many people with BPD end up being left by their partners, which is unfortunately the exact thing they're trying to prevent (Criteria 1:  Frantic efforts to avoid real or imagined abandonment).   If she's ever attempted suicide before I would be extremely cautious with what you do.  Things can be very black and white to someone with BPD.  If you're not paying attention to her, she may see that as the worst possible thing you've ever done to her, and find ways to get your attention, including self harm attempts.  If she fails at getting your attention and does not attempt to harm herself, the next defense mechanism is usually to [devalue]( you.  On the other hand, even the smallest positive gesture may seem like the best thing you've ever done for her.  These idealization and devaluation episodes are one of the main components of BPD.   It is possible to modify her behavior with some behavior modification of your own.  Once you learn how someone who has BPD works, you can coax out some positive behaviors.  I would just be careful because if you change your behavior towards her, instead of idealizing you, she may become paranoid.  Paranoid ideation can also be a part of BPD.  She may become convinced you are cheating, or that you're hiding something else.   She may also be willing to try therapy, with the promise (empty or not) that you will stay with her.  [Dialectical Behavior Therapy]( is very common for those with BPD.  If nothing improves between you, you can always hope that the therapy she went through has given her a new set of coping skills, so that when you do leave her you don't have to worry about her ending up in a hospital or worse.   Anyway, my advice is to try getting her well before you leave her.  I'm speaking from personal experience, and that's all I'm going to say.
0	Those are incidents which people are talking about and you're right, it's odd that Mike Brown became THE main talking point. However I've been thinking a lot about Malcolm Gladwell and "The Tipping Point."   "Epidemics are sensitive to the conditions and circumstances of the times and places in which they occur."   Ferguson was the tipping point, there had been so much anger over Trayvon Martin, and then further stories of other police brutality, and then three black men shot by cops unarmed in two months that made major media by "connectors" as Gladwell calls them.   The result is that Ferguson was a perfect chemical mix of everything occurring in this past year that exploded.
1	You are implying said people are playing to win, and in the end league of legends is a game and people can enjoy it how they so wish. Problem with LoL is there really isn't a "let's just fuck around queue' other than Arams(?) so these people who want to play the game in a different way will end up against players who are taking it seriously or playing the 'objective'.   Take Call of Duty for example. A game type like domination, I have no interest in capping any kind of flag, I just want to kill people for a bit, the end result I care little. Maybe that will help you to realise the mindset here.   (I'm not saying it's right or wrong, that isn't my concern)
1	Hey RedThirteenLoL - I just picked up League about a month and a half ago after one of the viewers of my stream suggested I give it another shot. Ever since then I've been addicted and have been playing for 8 hours+ a day and have already spent over $100 ingame (free game op). I'm really looking to get into this game competitively and would love a coach to help me achieve that goal.   I lost 8/10 of my placement matches and was placed in Bronze 3 as a result. In my opinion my actual skill level is probably around mid to high Silver. I main ADC and Mid. My favorite champions are Jinx and Twitch for ADC, and Orianna and Lux for mid. As I play Soloq I also have practiced jungle, top, and support so that I have a good knowledge of all roles. As for support I prefer Thresh or Zilean. For top I choose Singed or Teemo. For Jungle I prefer Nocturne or Fiddlesticks.   Although I play (and stream) league 8 hours a day, I also read guides and watch videos for 2 more hours. In addition I play at least 3-4 new champions daily vs bots so that I can get a feel for every champion. I know how important it is to know your opponent in this game, and I strive to practice every aspect of the game to improve my play - including playing champions I am not actually interested in to learn their abilities and cooldowns, strengths and weaknesses.   As for my personal goals, I am looking into getting into the game as far as I can go, and to be as competitive as possible. I have been a long time competitive pvp player in MMO's for quite a while, and played at 2200+ in wow from Season 1 until the release of MoP. I would like to get into league at a high level, and learn from an experienced player on how to achieve that.   I believe my dedication to competitive gaming, the ability to receive and use constructive criticism, and my current knowledge of the game would make me a great candidate for this experiment. My current play times are 9am PDT - 6pm PDT   My IGN is VoidMoon   Sorry for the long post.
1	Elo was never meant to work in the way it's implemented into solo queue. Elo in LoL really is just a number that tends to change more based on luck and having decent teammates, much more than it depends on your individual skill.
0	So. I totally know where you're coming from. I had brain damage and short term memory loss. There is a gap in my life that I just simply cannot remember. I have memories based on what people tell me happened and pictures, but they're not actual memories.   It really embarrassed me for a long time. I hated telling people because there was always the inevitable asshole with the über witty comment of,"oh, so that's wrong with you. HAHA!"   I can honestly say...it gets better. Create a system of writing yourself notes, emailing yourself, and your smartphone is your friend. It has totally revolutionized my capability for organization and memory.
0	I want to clear the air cause this turned into a comment war I didn't expect.   There's some factors I'm not sure are being seen by all sides here.  On one hand, This professor might be at some sort of specialties school and have more than 100 students in his class.  This could be a very high level class as well.The students might be around 22 or 23 and I could see treating them like employees more than students.  I still think its pretty unhelpful and almost passive aggressive, but hey I'm in education and I'm more the type to want to help them as much as they can and if I could I would do one on one with each student reminding them and guiding them until I'm sure they don't need my assistance.   On the other hand, this could be a freshman course.  These people aren't here because they are adults.  They are here to learn how to be adults.  If this is a liberal arts school, it may be some filler requirement that has nothing to do with their major.  They have several things to focus on, and the little bit of paper in their bag that's almost identical to every other syllabus they have had in their life that have previously been useless, wastes of bag room, and just clutter.  I think it would be a bit too unrealistic for them to see this one and go, "Well, better hold onto this one for the rest of the year" when even other professors tell them they don't have to hold onto it.   I think the issue here is that most people see the professor as a person who they are paying to guide, instruct, and help them as much as they can to reach an understanding of the material, but the instructor would rather say, "Not my problem" instead of "don't forget" when he knows that these are still just kids that are trying to adjust to a big change in schooling.  I could understand it if it were after the first paper.  But this just strikes me as one of those people that got his PHD for the pay raise and sees lecturing and assignments as a necessary evil to get the paycheck.   I have had professors as OP describes, but the first day they flat out said, "This is your syllabus.  Keep at least the front and back pages.  The front is my contact information which I won't be stating again.  The back sheet says when your assignments for this course are due.  I wont give you reminders.  Hold onto these."  And I never missed a paper or test.  So many teachers at universities and colleges have their own way of handling assignments and reminders that I feel this professor in question should have at least stated that in the beginning.
1	Long story short, I got to write League of Legends fanfic as my job for a little while.  I liked it a little too much.  You can play the new character at PAX if you like, which is happening now.  I have every intention of doing so, as I’ve spent a lot of time with him already.  I feel like I know him best."
1	TF also plays mid whereas Nocturne is typically a jungle who can lane gank like no other jungle can thanks to his ult. It is a gap closer, but the 4s of darkness help, and he has damage on his ult. On top of that, TF's ult can be turned around a lot easier because of misposition, whereas Nocturne's is fail proof as long as you are in range (as far as positioning goes).
0	I dont even know what
0	To start things off, I am on medication, so don't worry too much. I just need to vent, and take any advice.   This past November, on my home from my night class, I saw a kid holding the railing of the overpass crying. When I pulled onto the bridge, he slouched down on the sidewalk and buried his head. My first thought was to mind my own business and carry on, but within 50 ft of passing him, I made a U-turn and parked on the side of the road. I got out of my car and walked onto the bridge, asked if I could join, ploped down next to him. I asked him how he was doing and took the time to listen. We talked about how he moved here from New York after flunking out of art school, wanting to become a cartoonist, and how is parents in Ohio wouldn't support him anymore. He told me of his past drug habits, attempts to get help for his depression, his current living conditions, and his unsuccessful job prospects from not having a vehicle. He is only 19.   I shared my own experiences, right now at 22, about how I got severely depressed a year ago despite good things happening, how I got inexpensive medication and therapy, got a great job that I could live off of, meeting an amazing girlfriend, getting myself back into school, and buying 2 cars, all in about a year.   He slowly cheered up enough to walk with me to the gas station where I was parked, and then allowed me to walk with him to the townhome where he is staying with friends. I didn't push for his number to call him, but gave him mine instead. If he needed anything, just give me a call.   Since then, I think about it everyday. I've gone to the same overpass, stood in the same spot, calling myself a coward for not jumping. I got close a couple times, but it sure would have helped to have someone there with me. I worry if what I did was good enough to stop him, and if he is okay. I didn't wait for him to go inside the house, and knocking on the door for someone I don't recall the name of would be awkward as hell in that neighborhood.
1	I understand what you're getting at 100% and I guess in a way I agree. But - take it from someone who WAS in Elo hell for a long time - sometimes you DO need to carry yourself up a little to even have a relevant competitive experience.   Most of the time at low Elo no matter what role you play you're not playing against any skilled opponent so even if you attempt to practice jungling or supporting you won't have relevant experiences because your team won't play well enough. If you try to support a team that overextends - that experience will not prepare you for a team that knows what it's doing; if you try to jungle and your laners don't know how to act during a gank that too will give you unreasonable expectations of how a gank works.   "Carrying" yourself out of Elo hell is IMHO perfectly fine so long as it is done only to the point that you start getting reasonably skilled teammates AND opponents so that REAL learning can begin.
1	It really depends on who your against. If you need to secure Dragon/baron with the bonus magic damage and you don't want to spend a lot of money on wards then get Wriggles.   If you don't need the early life steal/armor/ward. and you are already building early mercury treads for their CC then build Spirit.
0	We don't really buy six packs from "the store", since they aren't sold in regular stores. We have something called Systembolaget, which is a government owned chain of liquor stores. They're the only stores allowed to sell alcoholic beverages containing more than 3,5 % alcohol. A few brands have six pack cases, but generally we either buy them in a case of 24 or just pick up as many as we need for the night. I usually do the latter and what's nice about that is that I usually go with just one of each and mix it up a bit, rather than drinking six (or 24) of the same beer.   I should add that this isn't as much of a problem as it might seem, since there's always a Systembolaget within a 30 minute drive - even in the country - and in the bigger cities just a walk down the street.   Also, they are really professional and have a wide range of beverages - both bigger brands and smaller (often local, at least in Gothenburg where micro-brewing is a big thing) ones that they rotate so you can try new things all the time. If you can't find what you're looking for, they'll help you order it to the store for a small fee, so that way you can buy almost anything from all over the world.   Our taxes on alcohol makes it quite expensive though. From $1.2 for the cheapest ( Cheap Thrills  33 cl can to ~$2.1 for a 33 cl bottle of Heineken and $3-4 for the finer bottles, such as IPA:s etc. So if I'm going to a festival, I'll probably buy cases with 24 cans of "standard" beer for $30. If it's just for warming up for a night out I'd go with 5-6 bottles of nicer stuff, which would be $15.   [Here]( is information about the monopoly on their site, in English.   [This]( is an interesting interactive video, in English, about what researchers think would happen if the monopoly would be abolished.   And [this]( is the section where you can search for products and see the prices. It's in Swedish though, but you can probably guess what's what.
1	Unskilled report is a placebo report. It doesn't do anything. It is there so that ragers can report their teammates who perform poorly without cluttering up the system with actual reports.   If it didn't exist, you might see ragers reporting their teammates who performed poorly but they would put other categories like "offensive language" or something, which clutters up the system and make it less accurate.   It's like giving your little brother a disconnected game controller and telling him he's "playing."
1	I doubt that. You are playing on your account at the same computer/location.  They have many checks to make sure you're ACTUALLY Elo boosting and not just playing well.
1	With OP on this. Feel that alot of the American fans are being rather unsportsmanlike. I went into this match expecting C9 to win and was pleasantly surprised by the outcome. Feel fnatic banned and picked more sucessfully that C9 and Hai's small champion pool really made for a difficult time for them.
1	I didn't like the disrespect at the end of the second game. I am happy that EU gets a point, but, seriously, I feel ashamed for that behaviour.   But well, then we ask ourself why our community is so toxic. This is an official event, with pro players and they only lacked to say "gg easy".   And for those who say "It just a joke, dude". No. It isn't. You are in a foreign country, in front of thousand of people and with a lot of pressure in your shoulders, for you are "defending" your region's pride. The last thing one person with sportmanship spirit would do is to continue to humillate the already defeated enemy.   Dignitas was already defeated, without chance to defend themselves in that situation. Only people with a total lack of sportmanship would have done that.   As an european I feel ashamed that this is the image we address to the world.
0	To me the ad seems pretty straight forward and genuinely about this country being a diverse place.   I'm not going to pretend to know what the marketing team was thinking when making the commercial. But if you look for ulterior motives in anything it's pretty safe to say you can "find" one.
0	My ex-boyfriend didn't tell me and I found out by reading a text message on his phone months into it (hey, it buzzed, it was the morning, I don't make a regular thing of it). And it said something along the lines of "congrats on having sex with your gf!"   I thought to myself, why would anybody congratulate him on that...unless he was a virgin when we met.  (I was too..)   I was upset not because the sex was bad, but because I felt that it was a lie and a huge betrayal of my trust. He had made up very intricate stories of the 9 other women he had slept with.   Turns out, he lied about a lot of other things and turned out to be a genuine psychopath so that should have been a red flag.
1	You know today wasn't a complete loss for Cloud9, they should at least be able to take away that a win is possible vs SKT.   If the team that played yesterday was the same, confident team that competed in the LCS, they might have been able to pull out a victory. C9 is a much better team than they give themselves credit for. Not saying they will ALWAYS dominate, but instead they would stand a chance on the worlds stage.
1	Hmm okay, these are 3 completely different champs:     Yorick: He has high sustain and poke, but dont underestimate his 1v1 straight up fighting power. Just max E as Nid, keep healing, harass him, as he pokes you and try to trade well, use the brushes to your advantage. Don't try to full out engage pre lvl 6. After it will be pretty much decided by who got poked how much by the other. The one with less life is more likely to loose a straight up 1v1.     Jayce: Nearly same mechanics but he got no natural sustain. He has pretty good poke and a very good straight up 1v1 fighting kit. So again keep poking, use the brushes to deny vision, keep healing yourself and don't fight all in pre 6. Again the one with lower hp is more likely to win a straight up 1v1 fight.     Darius: He is more like a all in champion, his only poke is his q, try to avoid that by csing in human form and you should be fine, keep poking him and healing yourself and if hes low enough try to engage on YOUR terms! But keep in mind his ult does ~300/600/900 true damage on 6/11/16, he has a very very strong all in kit.
1	But it much more heavily nerfed our ability to read the patch notes, making
1	Remember: You are the deciding factor, YOU have to make the difference. As you said the enemy is just as bad. So what stops you from going up in the tiers? You have no idea how to carry a game. You were Malphite. You have triple the enemies' farm. You can afford to get some dmg while still remaining tanky. You tell your teammates to go in with you. You go in at the right moment. Their team has no idea how to disengage and fights. You destroy them and go push their base.
0	The fact that you find it indecent is, in my opinion, not a valid argument. There are some things I find indecent, but I also find that my personal taste shouldn't be made into the law. I for one think that it's good that (young) people know what's out there, and know how things work in the real world. I don't want to sugarcoat it in any way. I think that's a fair way to raise a child, and I don't think that anyone is in their right to call that corruption of a minor, or sexual assault.
1	Not sure if this is a known fact, but you can have the best of both worlds by activating range indicators, which will show cast indicators if you hold the cast key. The cast can then be canceled by right clicking if you need to.
1	I 100% agree with you I am a plat ADC but every since cinderhulk and tanks were seen in competitive all I see now is a big healthy tanker jungler and top which I enjoy, However it has made me adjust my style for the better, I now only proceed to play ADC, that can build botrk first (vayne&twitch&Kog are the ones that come to mind) This has helped me become a better adc as I have learnt my limits as a carry and have got better and positioning. This has also made me think more about my items e.g. they have sej qss 2nd or 3rd item :)
1	14-17 blue to purple win rate...   Any strategy you run on blue can be run on purple, the only difference being dragon control. Not to mention that many teams who really think two minutes ahead (re: not CLG) are running lane swaps into 4v1 dives into dragons.   So yeah...blue versus purple really overrated. You saw TPA 3-man invade red buff as blue team 3 times in a row.
1	God damn I just wish he could articulate his thoughts. We understood it (probably mostly because we all already knew).   Still, I like HSGG for his
1	anyone with good mobility like corki is a good pick into teams with a lot of cc.  As much as it sucks to accept, you're not going to win every game, sometimes you just can't carry the game. I play mid lane and what I like my bot lane to do (if they get an advantage) is to take their tower, then come mid and take the mid tower.  This rotation takes a minute or two to pull off and once you have the mid tower down, SO much of the map opens up.  It also allows me to roam and try to get other lanes ahead.   Don't know man
0	He should meet up with himself to check his post from yesterday. The story is completely different:   We started seeing each other last February, I had never had a girlfriend before and was not looking for a serious relationship.  We started to get more serious, hung out all the time and always wanted to be with each other.  In the beginning of June we decided we both wanted to be in a relationship with each other and made it official.  We had what seemed to be the perfect relationship, we never fought(once in our whole time together and it was resolved within one night of discussion).  We told each other we loved each other and everything was going great.  We talked about the possibility of moving in with each other in July when her lease was up and we both were excited about the idea.  We spent Christmas together with our families and everyone got to meet each other and it all went great.   After the holidays I decided to stop partying as much and pretty much quit drinking and fully quit smoking pot.  I want to focus on my health and wealth.  I don't know for sure if this is what initiated things but it was around this time that I noticed her starting to become a little more distant, but we were both very busy with work so I chalked it up to that.  At the beginning of January my room mate decided to move out and get his own place so I was going to be needing to figure out a new room mate or find a new place to live. I brought up the idea of me moving in with her until her lease was up and then us finding a place together.  She had some reasons why it couldn't work out(she has two room mates and can't have more people in the residence as per their contract being the main reason) and we decided it would be best if I tried to find a new room mate and stick to the July plan.   This past weekend was her birthday weekend. On Saturday we went to a very nice restaurant and had a great dinner together.  Afterwards we went to a bar and met up with her friends to party. I told her at the beginning of the year that I would break my drinking cleanse and have some drinks to celebrate her birthday.  We ended up partying pretty hard and some people took some MDMA including us and we were having fun. We went back to her apartment with her room mate and his girlfriend at the end of the night and things got a little crazy.  The girls started making out some how and then eventually us guys got involved but we never had sex with each others partners but the girls were very into each other.  As I mentioned earlier, we had started to be a little distant from each other the past few weeks our sex had gotten less frequent and not as hot.  She used to act like she could not get enough of me and that kinda went away. That same passion came back with my room mates girlfriend and she was almost ignoring me during the event.   So after a day of hanging out yesterday with her and her room mates around town, at the end of the night I decided to ask her if everything was okay and that I'd noticed some distance between us and she said she felt it too and the bad part was it didn't bother her. She said she didn't know what she wanted and that she doesn't know if she wants to be in a relationship. She said that she was getting over some personal issues(through therapy) and that she really wanted to focus on herself right now and be selfish.  We talked for a couple hours, it started out as we should take it slower and give each other some space for a few days to think about it to her saying that you can't go back from a conversation like this and that we should break up.  She said things like it sucks ending a relationship with so many positives, that we had so much fun together and that she wants me to be a part of her life.   I don't know what to do, I really care about this girl and it seems like it just happened so quickly.  Should I consider this over? Or should I just give her some space and see if she changes her mind and that its just a phase we're going through and that you can come back from a conversation like this?   Thank you for taking the time to read this and any advice or perspective you may have.
1	I am personnaly Happy that Linak is staying suspended.   Played a normal draft where he was jungling, he just   flamed all the game long and threatened (?) me after the   game cause he was streaming and telling me to give him my   facebook cause he want to give me a "present".
0	Legal mind here: his actions are not criminal in nature, they are simply incredibly unnecessary.  Civilly, he is liable for negligence, since he did not act as a reasonable person would, I.e. most people do not brake hard without a reasonable reason such as a car in front of them or reduction in speed limit- "brake checking" is not reasonable action.  While it is true that the Mercedes driver should have had more space, two wrongs don't make a right. In fact, it is highly likely OP can be made to pay for the damages to the Mercedes because a) the Mercedes insurance can find he caused it due to "brake checking" and b) OP's insurance can find the same.  Thus, OP himself would be liable and have to pay.
0	I've been on the opposite end of this, where for some reason my mother kept driving on the right side, even though it said there was construction ahead, for like 5 miles. I was like "mom, why are you still in this lane?" she said "I don't know, I'm just going to keep going." People kept trying to block her, positioning their cars almost horizontal, and she kept going. Just drove around them.   And we never had to merge. There was no construction.
1	I have a problem with last hitting, when i play a mid like ziggs or any other champion that has some aoe wave clear i tend to CS very well (10 cs in 1 minute) but when i play an ADC that only has single targeted i just really suck and have like 60 CS at 11 or 12 minutes. i've tried to only last hit in bot games or costums but i don't really seem to improve.
1	I should have given the community more credit, I suppose. I assumed the subreddit was a good representation of the LoL players, but now that I think about it that's stupid, but even then I didn't know a lot of these things (not top player and been years since i've seen jayce). I'm pretty new here :D. Perhaps it wasn't executed properly, but my plan was to talk about the things that would make bruiser jayce viable, because I don't think people ever put his abilities in that context. In the future I'll put a title or mention what the list is and say to skip to
0	I have a funny game to play when feeling belligerent towards call center employees.   NOTE: former "star" agent at a call center.  Whereas most of my coworkers were earning $300/wk I was above $1000/wk.  I learned the ins and outs of inbound & outbound sales, and I created a dope way to fuck with call center employees.   So to blow off steam sometimes after work I would search 1-800 numbers where I would call and they would try to sell me stuff (just like where I worked).   I would announce to the rep answering the phone that my name is Brian or Matt or Phil, or something white and moderately businessy.  I tell the rep "I'm calling from Market America-the oversight company for this campaign".   I remind the rep ("as you already know") that overall the numbers aren't where they need to be and to rectify that issue Market America will be doing test calls to ensure the sales process is being correctly implemented.   At this point, unbelievably, 9/10 agents are eating out of the palm of my hand.   I tell them to restart the call and pretend I'm a customer.  The we go through each step of their sales process as I provide brutal criticism, ridiculous feedback, (and as a fun game), try to get them to reveal sensitive information about their call center. (Where are you, what else do you sell, blah blah blah)   This part of the call lasts as long as the joke stays funny (Usually about 14 minutes).  The rep is informed at this point that I'm not Brian, or Matt or anyone important.  The rep is informed they are ignorant and gullible.  He/she is given an opportunity to retaliate.  Then the phone call is over.
1	I've never seen a community bitch more then /r/leagueoflegends. Not only do you complain about the game itself, but also features, champions, lore, LCS, the community, the developers, server stability, cosplayers & fan art, but we're now gonna go for shit like the mods who barely do much but remove unrelated topics.   Cosplays are oftently +100 on average aswell, so obviously the majority of the community enjoys them aswell, and even if you prefer masturbating to your hentai anime girls bullshit it's not a good reason to remove them.   The mods are getting payed in RP by Riot Games because of their management on this subreddit, which is why Riot has a lot of power here. Most likely Riot has specificly told the mods that they should not remove HyperX Videos since they're sponsoring LCS teams, which indirectly supports league of legends itself.   The reason they're not making exceptions to rules (e.g we usually remove these kinds of videos, but we'll let this one slide) is because it'll heavily backfire when the community gets upset that x was removed and y not, which is exactly what's happening right now.   For the people moaning about cosplay & fanart, saying we should have separate subreddits for it: You're retarded. We already have separate subreddits for so much that this subreddit is soon gonna die. We have suggestions, streams, vods etc & now you want fanart aswell? Why don't we limit ongamers material to /r/onGamers then? or funny League videos to /r/funnylolvideos and helpful videos to /r/summonerschool? Maybe move the entire LCS discussions to /r/LCS and we'll have this subreddit dying.   The main subreddit, /r/leagueoflegends is suppose to be a 'best of' these fake subreddits. The most enjoyable content out of videos, fan art, cosplay etc is to be posted here alongside news & interviews.   If you don't like what you see, downvote it. It's all you have to do. You're all saying "Everybody hates cosplay idk why it's allowed " and still the cosplay posts are at a stabile +100 -> +500 rate. So obviously people actually do enjoy them.
0	Why say something that hurts others if you don’t need to?   in my case, i've spent a lot of time being considerate of others, and it turns out that people do not care. nobody repays you for stepping out of their way before they ask.  but to actually meet people's bullshit criteria, i have to repress myself so fully that it becomes a problem in my life.  i have tried to be respectful of women, but it's resulted in women not finding me a compelling partner, despite being better looking and more intelligent than most people.  people always said "treat women like people", and i tried.  at 29, i've realized that i have not had a single fucking woman who was in my potential mating pool ever treat me like i was a person.  so why put myself at a disadvantage?   i've found lately that not editing myself constantly is the only way i can be happy.  i edit myself on occasion, and i apologize when i hurt someone's feelings, but people have this stupid idea that if someone says something "offensive" that it invalidates the message.  they will block the message even if the "offensive" thing is not offensive to them, but rather offensive to a group they feel guilty about.   and again, offensive by what criteria?  i pretty much raised myself in a fishing village in mexico, so if we go by the norm, not a single one of my values is worthwhile.  despite the fact that i have a transcultural, more thoroughly reasoned perspective that is less influenced by social indoctrination.   if i edit myself to prevent potential offenses, it will destroy my life.  maybe i am more aware of potential offenses than other people.  but i find being offended about something that doesn't pertain to you to be one of the most fucking ludicrous things in the world.  being hurt, okay.  being offended by something that pertains to you, i will humor you.  but come on.  chasing inoffensiveness is the most ignoble shit on the planet.   as a white male, i can't even represent my own interests without offending people.  so where do i put the boundary?  as a musician, can i say "bitches" if i am referencing a trope in rap music?  or is that off limits?  can i say fuck in my lyrics if i mean fuck?  oh no, that offends people.  hell, being gay offends people.  but i guess that probably only offends people who are too sensitive, right?   "OP is a faggot" may hurt people's feelings, but only through a failure to grasp reality.  only through a failure to let shit on the internet slide.  only through a failure to understand how memes work.  it's a big fucking ball of fail.
1	I keep reading all kinds of bad stuffs at this reddit, so here's me giving you options  for you to decide what was going on with maluno that day. he had:     PMS     a bad day (everyone has em)     met his nemesis (everyone has em)     black pants and black underpants       All in all, I think Malunoo is fun to watch, especially when he's smurfing with Wickd. I dont watch them for the commentary, truthfully there are better people for that. But you can see how much fun he has at times when smurfing with Wickd. If you need a reason to watch Malunoo, I'd say its to see how mundo goes this and that way, because imo he's the westrice of mundo.
1	I bet after month or two, Czaru will find new team. He have biggest chances to get into LCS team, maybe Millenium cause Kerp can only play LB. What about rest? Kubon need team with good jungler, he need one early gank to dominate, Libik he is good Thresh, best Zyra so he can find some good team but not in LCS. Mokatte he should does pause from LoL, Makler if he will fit into meta, he can find good amature team.
0	No, it makes complete sense.   Think of a letter and a dictionary word as the same thing. For my shitty math, we need to know how many words there are in a dictionary. The Oxford contains about 170K current words, but let's assume 2048 (2^11 ), ok?     a password of  1 letter  can be  26  different things   a password of  2 letters  can be  676  (26*26) different things   a password of  8 letters or numbers  can be  2,821,109,907,456  different things (36^8 ).   a password of  1 word  (of our fictional dict) can be  2048  different things.   a password of  2 words , can be  4,194,304  things (2048*2048 or 2^22 ), indeed less than 8 letters/numbers.   a password of  4 words  can be 17,592,186,044,416 (2^44 ) things, or  6.2 times the 8 letters/numbers  combination, which is a common demand (8 length, at least one number).     If you don't just use the (borderline silly) two thousand most common words, but use words from the 10% most common words of the dictionary (which would be approx. 17K out of 170K), it radically changes things.   Then,  four words  would yield 17000^4 or 83,521,000,000,000,000 possibilities. Or, for comparison,  slightly more than 2^56  , which is  pretty goddamn safe .   [Source on Oxford dict. size](
1	I don't care for that fact that I'm going to lose the game, its more the guys on the other end that has to suffer from errors like these. Nothing I can do to prevent it, and nothing they can do to help me prevent it.
0	The iPhone is over priced? The GS4 I just bought was only 30 dollars cheaper than the 5S. The note 3 was the most expensive of the four that I looked at at 50 dollars more than the 5S.   I have an android and just had an iPhone.  They're both great and terrible in my opinion. I liked and disliked a  generally equal amount about both. Where's my money going next time? IPhone,  but purely out of personal preference. It's not much different in price and I liked the Basicness of ios more than the personalization of Android.   And I'm no privileged kid or well off guy, just a hospitality industry worker,  earning my tips which I live off of.
0	Only people without kids have enough time to be "offended" at something like this...   I'm giving you the first number that pops into my head most likely in months because of a recent milestone doctor visit...
1	Mean people everywhere in life not just games. Willpower and good outlook on life can change everything depression is a temporary state and anyone without drugs can get out.   Trolls are everywhere in life and games if you can't take it without actually getting away happier, I say people are not doing it right. Learn to troll first then interact with them it does wonders.
0	GPS is still one-way communication.  There's no satellites or cell towers to record its location in the middle of the ocean.  Yes, GPS on mobile phones is accurate with just satellites.  It's more accurate with towers and wifi hotspots assisting it.
0	I don't understand the hate of the United States version.  I urge people to go watch the first few sessions of Top Gear UK without cringing.  The hosts have no chemistry and the show is uninteresting.  I feel that Top Gear USA has made progress and has potential to be a pretty great show.  If your looking for a great USA challenge episode look no further than season 1 episode 9 (toughest truck).  the cinematography is on par with the UK version and it is hard to beat the alaskan countryside.  I'm not saying that the US version is better but, it is still a decent motoring show.
0	I think people new to seriously study history and look at exactly why slavery is the core issue here. Either that, or simply read the quote from the Confederate vice president literally saying the issue of slavery is the cornerstone of the new government.
0	Background:  My friend met a seemingly nice and mentally stable girl. After 6 months, she mentions that they should move in together (sign one).  They look at a house to rent.  Due to time constraints, they need to make a decision within three days.  He gets cold feet, and she gives him an ultimatum, either move in or break (sign 2).  They move in together, and so starts her very erratic and bipolarish behavior.  This past Friday, they meet up for happy hour.  She asks, " how much do you love me?" Him, "ehhhh."  In all seriousness, she asks, " is okay if I sleep with my boss to get a promotion?  It's not a big deal. It's just sex."
0	They're just going to get a maid. I have one that costs $35/hr. For $70 (that's $23/person), 2x a month, our apartment is pretty damn clean.
0	Let me try to thread the needle on this one.   It's all your fault. And theirs too.   All anyone can know of you at first is what you put out. What you portray to the world. If you feel this kind of the self-pity and doubt it will portray itself, subconsciously or otherwise. Who will take the time to get know ( or  know , biblically speaking ) the person that already "knows" that they aren't what people want? Even assuming that everything else about you is awesome, it is too much of stretch to expect someone else to read your mind when what everyone is most concerned with is themselves.   So you need to get your head out of your ass, focus on your interests and just be you. Really. People will present themselves, pay attention. They won't say " Please ravish me big boy" (probably not at any rate). But if you do what interests you and are comfortable in your own skin, you will generally find others that are willing to get to know you. Finding the one, is a whole 'nother story. But having some romance in your life is in your grasp, whatever your circumstances.   As for them? Well, they date dicks because they want to. There is something that they are responding to: either money, or danger, or testosterone, or drama or something. And when they find it, or it finds them, they aren't discerning enough to look under the surface before its too late. I have never, NEVER known a woman (or a man) that repeatedly ended up in relationships with the wrong sort that wasn't culpable in some way.   That being said, your situation is still your fault. Fix it.   There are tons of women who generally have positive relationships. Noone bats a thousand in matters of the heart, but generally lots of people have mostly good relationships, at least until they end (to quote Cocktail, all relationships end badly or why would they end?). If you don't know any women like that, you need to make different friends.   Sorry to get all long-winded, but everyone time I see someone in your position on Reddit, I cringe to see either the "women are evil" posse or the "real men get laid and beta males should shut up" coven get on their rants and go to town.   Both sides have their nuggets of truth, and both have their distortions. The truth, IMHO, lies somewhere inbetween.
1	I always, always got mega pissy when I would see the Ashe on our team take mid. I was always like WTF.   Then a mate explained to me that Ashe hawkshot could almost reach both lanes mid games when ganking started. Point being that Ashe in mid could hawkshot when MIA was called to help her mates, hawkshot blue buffs etc.   It was not until this that I saw Ashe as not a damage champ but a Utility champ.   So to answer your question, I feel like she still has a massive roll in any team. Yeah Caitlyn can drop traps for constant vision in mid bush (not that it give vision but it traps player as they run though, preventing ganks) and she can finish off with her ulti however as a ranged carry she cannot do what Ashe does in that she can check across the map baron, dragon and buffs.   In terms of poke though, Kog is still friken amazing! His attack speed can be capped at the highest in the game which make him a backdoor slut 9. His ulti can scrub check more often than Ashe hawkshot etc. etc. How ever his CC is no where near that of Ashe's Q or R.
1	As a high elo player, that pretty oftenly queues up with friends bad in this game, i just usually stomp the lower elo player im laning against, and afterwards tell them what they did wrong, give tips, etc, if they are willing to accept the advice. Sometimes they just go full "OMG NOOB DIE OFF CANCER NOOB CHAMP", where, in my opinion, they deserve to get stomped, because they are literally throwing away a chance to get better in this game. Usually they do ask, for the advice, though, and them, im more than glad to help, i sometimes even end up in custom games with the guy i just stomped, to have a better shot at helping him.   E:
1	Woah there, you do realise a lot of marksman's have that right? To list a few off the top of my head Varus, Kog, Lucian and corki. Having AP ratios tends tobalance things out. I actually think that MF is coming back into the scene. I've recently started a gold to diamond smurf run and I have seen some pretty nice MF players when I thought they were all gone. I am a support main averaging around D3 and I feel marksman's fit one to three different roles for their team in this nasty tank meta. First up, the self peelers, these guys can deal a fair amount of damage if you let them and they are tricky to catch for the tanks. I'd say Lucian/Tristana best fit that role for what their kit offers. Secondly you have supporting marksman's, they can do damage don't get me wrong anyone can with enough items, but their kit aids your team in multiple ways. They are slightly uncommon nowadays but you mainly have sivir for this one along with the occasional Ashe/varus. Then you have the duelers/lane crushers what ever you want to call them, but their goal is to win lane and or do much more damage then the opposing marksman. I'd say Draven, Caitlyn and graves suit this role well enough. (I know i went off track but I like MF and think she is good i'll expkain here) This role suits MF, she is a lane bully through and through, her kit is based off it. Her Q is a good way to zone, W is a good steroid and can mess up the heal of the enemy causing it to be very weak in the fight and giving an edge to MF.  Her E is just a fairly good disengage in the late game being a 65% aoe slow, as well as the mid game. Now her ult, the strongest part of her kit. Guess what, it does scale off as. Bullet time uses stacks of her W, which also uses AD to scale. At Max stacks of 6-8 stacking from 6% of bonus AD going to roughly 36% of bonus AD. With her DMG on her ult going through the entire team. Also if you sit far enough back you don't need no peeling, you are miles away dealing massive damage throughout the fight being very safe. Oh wait then ult deals magic DMG? Well you have a bit of a corki complex. Go sorc shoes into a late game void staff suddenly you hurt a lot besides your autos.
1	You don't really "retire" from E Sports, it's not like his body can't handle it anymore. I'm a HSGG fan, but just because he steps back to coach/manage and says he's retiring, doesn't mean we will never see him in the pro scene again.
0	Wow, since CMB3 offered a seriously misleading answer, I'll try to offer one that's actually informative.   Fox, a cable TV station owned by Rupert Murdoch, has a long history of distorting and warping information to conform to a right-wing prejudice.  [Here's a breakdown (with video) of how they create their imaginary enemy] ( the "Liberal Bias Media" who are (simply put) anyone who isn't owned by Rupert Murdoch.   The Daily Show and The Colbert Report are 2 comedy shows on Comedy Central. Comedy Central is, well, a cable station that focuses on comedic TV shows. The Colbert Report is fashioned after a Pundit Current Affairs show and The Daily Show is fashioned after a half hour news show which generally has bits, produced segments and interviews on current events. Over the years TDS has developed a focus for lampooning the "actual" news  and politicians in a similar style to that of  [Charlie Brooker]( or  [10 O'CLock Live]( Perhaps because they focus on hypocrisy, lies and histrionics some folks feel that the extreme right are the subject of an unfair level of ridicule from the satirists.   TDS specifically gets sited as a "more trusted" source of truth/facts than the "actual news" in polls. Though to be fair, that's just the nature of good satire, offering insight or truth. OP's post is directly referencing   the more than half-dozen  information on current affairs.
0	I wish I could upvote this more than once. I actually had someone who had gotten something for free as a promotion come in and try to return that item. I tried to tell her that since she wasn't charged for the item, I couldn't give her any money back for it. She got really mad and eventually the manager gave her a store credit for it.
1	Yes, but there are two points to this. The first is that LoL is about team cohesion, which the "sticks and stones" have a negative impact on and make it far more difficult to win. The second is that I would say that approximately 60% of my losses occur when something bad happens (be it someone dying stupidly, etc) and a person on my team starts raging and flaming instead of being constructive, at which point the game usually degenerates into one big unstoppable argument and we lose.
1	Giants look quite strong, especially Samux
1	Ad/as teemo was my favourite champion for all of season 2- I literally learned to play the game with him. His kit literally helped me learn to harass, farm, ward and his W was an amazing escape mechanism if I messed up, as I regularly did.   When I played teemo for the first time, something clicked. After a 30minute game I knew I was good with this champion, and I continued to play him. From levels 5-30, he was pretty much the only champion I played- I just found him so versatile and fun, and I was good with him- I went legendary most games   When season3 came I stopped playing teemo, mainly because I was learning other champions, but the removal of madreds blood razor screwed up my build for him completely   I guess I could say, as a sort of
0	On my way to work today, major traffic, what would normally take me 10 minutes to get to work, took about half an hour (wasn't late though, hooray for leaving early) There was a guy who cut in front of someone who had quite a bit of space in front of him, but what the guy who cut in didn't know was the front cars brake lights were out, causing all 3 cars crash. Which just sucks for the other two, but the guy got what he deserved I'd say, as he had the most damage.
1	this is totaly false unless they magicly got carryed to there elo th are just a capable as the enemy. ad is realy the easyer job out of the 2 rolse in bot all the need to do is farm and not die the support needs to make all the calls ward the lane and watch the map for ganks.  if you are a good support you can carry your AD. saying anything else is just blaming your team and making excuses which any good player knows wont win you games and wont make you a better player.
1	TSM have been practicing a lot lately. CLG didnt do to bad for a new top laner and someone who's new in the jungle. Give it time and you'll see that CLG is still strong enough to possibly win season 2 championship.   Saint on the other hand.. I've never seen him play as bad as he did yesterday, he got no synergy or anything with any player in curse and it will take a long time before it happens. I would say that saint would've done better in CLG.black right now.
1	Personally, when I started ranked I thought that I would climb the ladder and find reasonable and nice people to play with. However, my dreams were shot down when I realized that no matter how hard I tried, I would always lose to my own team. Trolls, Feeders, and ragers alike would just ruin it for me. People who care way too much about elo, and say the worst things really got to me. I decided I would just play normal drafts from now on, as I just can't give a shit for dealing with the anger and toxic environment of ranked. Yes, I get the occasional leaver, troll, or rager but it isn't every game that that happens.
0	That in the middle though. Been in a relationship for over 2 years. Starts getting rocky, i try harder, it gets worse. Decided that I need to focus on me being happy so I stop texting as much, we dont talk on the phone as much and now she wants to see me more and is interested in sex quite a bit more.
1	if you cant even get pass bronze, than youre just a bad player. if you cant carry your team, youre bad. people dont want to use skype cause no one wants to hear your nerd voice. plus, pretty fkin awkward to just ask someone to join your call, not knowing who they are, how they will react.
1	Why does everything have to be puppy dogs and roses?  Why is it that anything spoken or written should be positive and if its negative it shouldn't exist or not be the popular opinion.  You are trying to call out specific groups or people again "to cowardly to be jerks in real life", actually I am pretty sure there is still a large amount of douchebags that are so online and offline.  I can be vocal about my opinion, and don't care about other criticizing me, in fact I welcome it, but not because I live my life based on other people valuing me, but it intrigues me.   If you are wearing something outside, dress, shoes, or anything that you like you are "showing" it off, people are judging it because you put it out there to be.   If you only wear things out based on what you like and don't care what others think?  Then the same should be about your physical appearance and then we wouldn't be having this argument.   Everyone is open for judgement, like it or not, and everything is judged from top to bottom.  Men as a whole look for perfection, their DNA tells them to do it, society tells them to do it, women buying INTO it reinforces it.   You think differently then a man, and we think differently from you.  Those "ugly" men out there on forums that get made fun of are made fun of by MEN, a very small amount of women would step out and openly insult him he would be that "nice guy".  There are traits that we require, want, or let slide by who we choose, women are often judged by men on a multiple point score, we often do it subconsciously so we are often the biggest critics.   Does it make sense? Eh   Does it suck? Yep   Does life go on? Yep
0	I have a friend who I play Xbox Live with a lot. He also has severe arachnophobia.   One night, while his parents where asleep, he saw a "giant fucking spider" on his curtains. I heard him throw his headset down an I could hear him going "shit shit shit shit." Then, all there was was silence. I heard him again about two games later walk into his room and pick up the mic. I asked him what happened, and he said he had gone to get the vacuum cleaner. All of a sudden, he turned it on (This was at like 3 AM, mind you) and sucked the spider up into the vacuum cleaner. I said something like, "You know that he is still alive in there, probably about to climb out of it, right?" This caused him to freak out and take the vacuum outside of the house and leave it in the driveway until morning.
1	You actually went out your way to post on my youtube channel too.  :P. You can read the reply there, however, let me bring you to another example. If you follow Siv HD. He has no Elo, which means I am actually a higher elo than him. And I haven't played ranked in 600-800 games. :P   [
0	I do get booty calls... But it usually goes something like this: get text saying "hey I have the place to myself". I dont answer for 2 hours while I try to desperately try to find out if anyone hotter will bang me. When the answer is "no", I realize I am too sober to bang this chick, pound back 3 or 4 beers in rapid succession and text back "on my way"
1	They don't own the fact. They do own the content of the report they put out. Currently to the best of my knowledge no one else has a report or any content released about this situation, which means that RL is the only journalistic source for it.   In my mind, if the OP has made the post and said that Liquid had filed a compliant about potential poaching and asked for community discussion about it, that would be fine. But what the OP did from my perspective, is posted a direct quote from the article itself, thus plagiarizing the content of RL's article.
0	People hold Police/Firefighters/EMT's/Paramedics to such a high standard expecting them to be able to do anything because of their job title all the time.  Now, before you hit that little downvote button, hear me out.  I'm a former firefighter/emt (and certified paramedic).  Without your equipment, you are USELESS.  You can't even engage in something as simple as holding c-spine (one of the few things you'd even be able to do) because then you are even more useless.   Not to mention that you are now placing another vehicle probably in the way of traffic flowing, or you have to park off to the side and cross traffic to get to the scene.  Also, you are now exposed in the event if someone is rubber necking or not paying attention and slams into the accident scene, which happens more than you probably think.  I've witnessed accidents off duty, sprung into superman mode before realizing I cant do anything.   The best thing you can do is call 911 and give a detailed description of the location, number of vehicles, number of passengers and overall condition of the cars (airbag deployment, if you can see if they were wearing the seatbelts, leaking gas or other fluids, etc).  That information is infinitely more useful than you running around an accident scene with no gloves or other safety equipment, or any equipment in general to do anything.   I also wish people would stop saying he has a  legal  responsibility to stop.  No, he doesn't.
0	IIRC, historically, BOSE equipment has been sub-par.  I've never had the chance to test out their stuff myself (broke college student, you know the drill), but as an amateur audiophile, I have read in many forum posts about how terrible BOSE speakers are compared to other brands.  I'm sure the hate for BOSE is slightly over-hyped, but if it hadn't been an issue in the first place, it wouldn't be so common.
1	Maybe but I have been through quite some games and I don't want to "train" myself (maybe because I don't play much ranked) and there are games when you know your only hope is a disconnect from the enemy carry or a really big mistake from the whole enemy team - and it happens sometimes - but it's really rare. I'll enjoy more a close defeat because even if you lose, you know you've been battling fiercely.
0	On the contrary, that is the entire basis of Capitalism. Capitalism has never been a method of distributing wealth, it has only been a method of disbursement.   Capitalism is about making money, not about making sure everyone else has enough. It has NEVER been about the people, and it never will be about the people; because that has nothing to do with it's very nature and core. If I may render this down to an easier to understand point for any who may be unclear on this.   Capitalism is like a forest. When it's young, trees and plants thrive. they grow together, feeding from one another, and working together to make everything sustainable for all involved. If we focus on one particular tree (analogous to a company), we can see how it's growth directly affects the localized ecology. As that tree grows, it provides a resting place for wildlife to come to, and partake of the variable goods offered by that area. Wal-Mart is a perfect example of this. started out small, and took care of the people who depended on it. And, because it thrived in the way that it took care of the people, it was able to grow larger, and support more people. Just like a tree provides protection from sun, shelter from wind, shade for those that require it, and fertilization from the animals that come there, Wal-mart provided a gathering place where people could come and shop for things they knew they needed, and they could afford it; and it brought shipping in with it, which supplied the local town with more business, because people were able to come to it more frequently. But, soon, the tree outgrew it's roots, and was able to sustain itself without the help of the locals, though it managed to continue to supply them with necessities merely as a by-product of it's own growth. And, within only a few decades, you have towering trees, blocking out the sun, absorbing water at an incredible rate, and making it entirely impossible for smaller trees to grow. (don't believe me? visit any Old-Growth Forest, and you'll see that most of the ground is clear because undergrowth can hardly survive, let alone thrive) And the exact same holds true in Capitalism. We have these megacorporations that overshadow the competition so much, that there's hardly any room for anything new to come in.   If that sounds too simplified, or even unfounded, then please educate yourselves and quit buying into the idea that Capitalism was ever designed to help anyone but those who were willing to destroy everyone. [Adam Smith]( was one of the founding fathers of Capitalism as an economic idea, and you can read his books to learn everything I've said here for yourself, or [this]( particular nugget is a fun little nutshell read of the stages of Capitalism, it's bottom of the whole article on the history of Capitalism.
0	I'll share my story as an example to illustrate what I see as the problem with your argument.   I majored in philosophy and graduated at the height of the recession. There really aren't jobs that require a philosophy degree -- they simply don't exist -- but that doesn't mean I wasn't trained to do anything, and it doesn't mean I didn't learn any marketable skills.   During the course of my degree, I wrote a lot of papers and I learned to think critically, pulling ideas apart and putting them back together in a more understandable way. This qualified me for a lot of jobs, and the one I ended up in was technical writing for a high-profile software company. My degree did not train me specifically for technical writing, but it certainly gave me the opportunity to develop the skills required to be a good technical writer.
1	Okay so what, they report someone and 3 months later they get a notification that a person they reported got punished? What if they've reported 50 people since then? Then you get everyone saying "I've only had one report confirmation in 3 months, the punishment system sucks" and a bunch of complaints about how it's ineffective because the people they report aren't immediately punished.   What does getting a confirmed punishment realistically do to improve the game? Does it make it more likely for the punished player to improve? Not at all. Does it affect the punished player in any way? No it doesn't. Will people be less toxic because of it? Yeah right.   And I know, someone will say "but it builds confidence in the tribunal and other systems that issue punishments" and to that, I respond that it won't make a big difference. Because reports don't become punishments all the time, and furthermore, they don't become punishments immediately, it could very well decrease confidence in the system because people want immediate gratification, not delayed. You just end up with people thinking that if it takes a month for someone to get punished, then maybe the punishment system doesn't work at all! This thread is evidence enough that people don't understand how reporting and punishing work, and there have been countless other things that show how little the community understands it.   You've got the people in this thread suggesting that your reports gain/lose "weight" depending on the quality vs. quantity of your reports, which is already a thing. You've got people who post complaint threads when they see that the guy who intentionally fed once is still playing 3 days later. You've got all the people expecting every script report to equal an instant ban because they don't understand the idea of banning in waves to better combat scripting.   Just a
1	I honestly never thought that Karma was a weak champ and was happy and welcoming to seeing something outside the stale botlanes of ez and taric, corki and leona or whatever. But I am guilty of buying Karma for the skin (but also playing her for multiple games and loving every second) and hoping for a good rework.
0	I've done this before. The other bad one is when you like a status in your news feed and realise that it is in fact the status of someone who isn't on your friends list and that it was only there because your friend commented on it. Leaves you unsure whether to unlike it or just let the poster wonder who the fuck you are.
1	For those playing for the first time (and veterans as wells), please do NOT become a person in ranked that you don't want to play with, and ain't talking about feeding, I'm talking about being a douche to your teammates.   Seriously, you gain absolutely nothing to be mistreating people, the only thing you can get with poor behavior is a troll or an AFK.   Also, do NOT start blaming your team in all chat, that make you look even more like an asshole, and if I'm in the other team I actually going to use that against you because I already know that you are in a bad mood, and normally people in bad mood play worse   >If life give you lemons, make them rage quit.   Instead, be the player that actually try to calm down people and make them focus on objectives, you don't know the things you can recover from until your team gets clean Aced but you still win thanks to Winions.   If someone is bullying during the game, and won't stop, mute that player and keep playing, don't get in a fight with that person, is NEVER worth it. Just report it at the end.   Also reports DO work, we did a experiment with a friend and he got 26 chat restricted games (he was being an assholes in game, but if he finds out it was us, he would kill us D: )
0	When Garth tries this on Christopher Walken he  literally  enunciates:   A sphincter says, "What?"
0	I have mixed feelings about this. On one hand, unskilled labor shouldn't be paid as much as skilled labor. On the other hand, most of the jobs that have been created in the past five years have been minimum wage/part time jobs. Finding a job can be an absolute bitch and sometimes people have to settle for something in this category. It sucks, but it's true. The thing is, there is no reason why a person living in the wealthiest nation in the world should be in poverty while fully employed. That is absolutely ridiculous. I believe we all have basic human rights, and the right to a certain standard of living. Increase minimum wage to $15/hour for everyone. At the same time, other people that are educated and in skilled labor need to be compensated better as well. It's completely ridiculous that someone who has gone to school for 4 years is only able to find a job in their field that starts out at roughly 12/hour. Hell, I'm working on my masters of social work to be a therapist. About the most I can hope to earn a year upon graduation would be 30,000-40,000 a year. Thats if I'm lucky. Realistically, I'm looking at maybe 15,000-20,000 a year.
0	You act like religion bashing is just rude, unnecessary, and pointless.   1) Many people bash religion to vent about it. Do you realize what it's like to live in the Bible Belt and be an atheist? I'd say that 98% of the people I know are Christians. Fundamentalist Christians. I don't feel like a detailed explanation of every day life and why I might want to vent about that is necessary.   2) Religion isn't harmless. Millions of people in America believe an old book of desert scribblings is the literal word of an all-knowing god, and you expect people to be okay with that? That's just something that deserves respect and tolerance? No. It's disgusting, dangerous, and detrimental to intellectual and societal growth.   So if you don't particularly enjoy bashing religion, no one's going to get onto you about it. But you shouldn't condemn those that do so because they feel like they should, because they feel like religion is a huge problem, and as people who are aware of the damage it's doing and the damage it has potential to do, they feel like they have an obligation to try to fight it.
1	100 armor/mr halves incoming damage for their respective types, 300 reduces incoming damage by 75%. The formula is as follows:  damage multiplier = 100 / (100 + mr/armor)   I religiously buy a Chain vest and/or a Negatron cloak after my first core item on every champion, depending on the enemy team composition. Getting your Armor/MR up to a good 100-140 (the extra 40 mitigates any flat penetration the opponent has) has a  huge  impact on the damage you take. I always have flat armor seals and mr/lvl glyphs, so those numbers are easily reached with just the tier 1 items, which are cheap and up your survivability by an insane amount.   That being said, never stack the defensive stats above 200, not even as a tank. 200 is enough to still have 100 def after some flat and % penetration. Tanks building only pure resist items make me cringe (Like a Rammus with thornmail, FH, FoN, mercs and GA). Once you have 100+ defensive stats you should start building hybrid HP/defense items like Randuins, Banshee's, Sunfire, etc.  high defensive stats are useless without the HP to back it up, but it never hurts getting at least 100 armor/mr
1	I think you are over thinking it a tiny bit. Primarily, Big bang theory is not a smart show. You aren't getting the meta humour of community, or the quality stories and character development like in How I met your mother (before the recent season, which is terrible). I fully recognize the humour in Big bang theory is cheap, but I still find it funny. Its hard to explain it in a intellectual sense. With shows like community I can explain that the humor appeals to me personally because it specifically appeals to my age group and demographic and lifestyle and blah blah blah...With big bang theory I find its more simple.   I find it funny because I just generally find some situations humorous. Its an exaggeration on the "nerd culture" and I see where a lot of people take offence. Some friends I have see it and find it offensive because its portraying their own interests wrong. It bothers me a little when I see certain things talking about one my interests portrayed totally wrong (every instance where they reference world of warcraft in big bang theory makes me cringe, hard) but I understand that the demographic of the show is not people in that stereotype, but people on the outside, people who dont know about the subjects. now I can see why this may piss people off, it ruins the image of people who actually like things like games, comic books and such, but I look past it.   Basically, I just try not to think too much when I watch the show. I try and look at the show with the view of someone outside the "nerd culture" and Im able to get a few laughs out of the exaggeration of it all. So yeah I understand your hatred, I really can see where you are coming from...But I try not to over think it. If I want a intellectual show Il watch it. When Im watching TV in the evening, and I flip to BBT on, yeah il watch it. I agree its going to become weaker, it already has. At one point I found Sheldon to actually be a good character, because at first they actually captured a person with aspergers decently. At this point they have just changed his character too much, and there is too many contradictions. Seasons 1-3 are defiantly better than anything new, aside from a few choice episodes.
1	HSGG doesn't want to release any information on it yet (he's taking point on handling it from CLG's side, btw), until he has hard evidence about it. Apparently this deals with talking to Riot for some IP logs, which involves talking to Marcou, who is on his way back from Providence (he said he'll be back in Riot offices Tuesday, iirc).   Since this will obviously only get wrapped up (or continued) with Hotshot's handling of it, we just need to wait until tomorrow.   I don't know what these people who are saying "we kind of forgot about it" or that "no one cares" are talking about since they really don't have substantiation, there's a pretty reasonable due process going on. I think this is how it should be dealt with anyways, to cool the pitchforks and look at things more objectively.
0	We all felt like you in the beginning too. Marriage is hard   Honestly, I've never felt that way. My wife and I have been married 11 years and it hasn't seemed hard at all. Then again, I married my best friend, so that probably is what made it a lot easier. Good communication skills and lack of fear of judgement goes a long way.   Oh and I'm sure people will say "Oh, well your marriage hasn't been tested yet."   My wife was abused in her childhood. We have a special needs daughter. I was in the Army for 7 years and deployed for 1. I was injured during that deployment, was determined by the Army to be disabled and medically retired. I stopped believing in god, and told her this, even though we were both devout followers of our faith when we married. My wife also had a major injury from an accident that required surgical correction. Not to mention I have extremely judgmental and controlling parents, who would control my entire life (including never marrying my wife) if I didn't have a backbone.
1	learn the game, know the roles, champions(they call it heroes in dota i think) and most importantly, have fun! You can get a group of friends to queue up in bot or normal games to get used to the heroes.   Once you learn how the game works like basic mechanics and stuff, then you would get to learn the skills of the champions(This is very important!)   If you learn how skills work on champions, you can easily catch onto what the pros are doing. Each week league has free champions(10 maybe?) that you can try out and play for fun.   As about the qualifiers, teams in each region has different qualifiers. North America and Europe has LCS (League Championship Series) and the top 6 teams of the season get placed in playoffs and the top 3 in playoffs get a spot in worlds. For as China its called LPL and Korea is OGN and masters and more as i dont know what the league of legends scene is like over there.
1	actually, read the "big ranting reddit post" about MLG. You'll see the evidences there. This was the
1	Any role can theoretically carry.  A support with awesome ability can turn a team of below average players into a victory.  A blitzcrank that lands clutch pulls, a Soraka that lands clutch heals, a Janna that controls engagements there are countless ways supports can make a difference.   You are right though, Support is probably the least carrying.  If I had to rank them I would go Jungle>Top>Mid>ADC>Support.   That being said it sort of depends on the champion more than the role.  Lee Sin in the jungle can carry a team of just about anything to victory because of how powerful he is early.  On the other hand, tanky support junglers like Maokai have trouble with that because they depend on their team to fufill their roles.
0	It's less about finding a happiness that keeps you "up" and more about not having to deal with the come downs. Trust me man, if you keep yourself strait and occupied with healthy activities you will find more passion in your life and happiness will come along with it.   It took me a month of seclusion when I first went clean to get my head half strait, after that I started hitting the gym because lifting weights gives you a "natural high" and honest to fuck its a way better feeling than any of the other shit I put myself through for a buzz. If weights aren't your thing try hiking. nature is therapy
1	His AD carrying might be bad though because of his low (comparatively) range of 475.  If you got basic AD Carry build, but with manamune and hurricane first, you could probably do really well.  The problem is getting there when other people have a better early game and have more range for harassing.  If you go top, there will be some champs that stomp you, and others you can stomp.  I'm not sure how Thresh would do mid, but don't think it would generally be very viable.  I think top would be best, or bot if you had a really good support, and the other person didn't pick urgot or some other earlygame lane bully.   I've never personally played as Thresh, but I think he could potentially be a really good AD carry if you could get through the laning phase.  He initially has craptastic armor and magic resist, but can get higher resistances once he gets lots of souls, so he can potentially get a lot of extra damage and tankiness lategame.  I feel that unless you have an unconventional support (such as pantheon, shaco etc.) that can put a lot of pressure on the other person early on without items, you probably will not be able to come out ahead of the opposing ad carry, and will likely be behind for a while.  You also need to get up close to the dying minions, and the other people will likely harass you when you go for a soul often enough that you will not be able to get all souls and still lane well.
1	Time to see if Dexter really is the savior of CLG. Based off Dexter's stream, his synergy with Link isn't really there yet and they clash a lot but then again, Dexter always has nothing but praise when talking about Link.
1	It's not just the damage, it's protection against heals and life steal also. A 6 item AD carry will be at full health in roughly 3 seconds if you let them auto attack. If they don't get full to zerod -- which is very difficult if they have something like Soraka passive and a QSS / BV -- you want that extra little something to ensure they're out of the fight.   Graves at level 18 with 10 stacks of passive, flat MR blues, QSS and a Soraka with Aegis nearby:   30 + 30 + 13 + 16 + 24 + 56 MR = 169 MR  With 46% penetration = 77 effective MR  100 / 177 MR = 0.56% damage  1922 base health on Graves  1922 * 1.56 = 2998 magic damage required to kill   Heals:  350 health + 440 health + 525 health = 1315 hp  175 health + 220 health + 262 health = 658 hp (if ignited)   Difference in magic damage required to kill (best case scenario)   1922 + 1315   1.56 = 5049 magic damage  1922 + 658 - 410   1.56 = 3388 magic damage
0	Someone can correct me with a reliable source if I am wrong. But FMLA doesn't include bereavement leave.   As quoted from the [Department of Labor's]( website:   > The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) provides an entitlement of up to 12 weeks of job-protected, unpaid leave during any 12-month period to eligible, covered employees for the following reasons: 1) birth and care of the eligible employee's child, or placement for adoption or foster care of a child with the employee; 2) care of an immediate family member (spouse, child, parent) who has a serious health condition; or 3) care of the employee's own serious health condition.   Death of immediate family is not something FMLA covers. I cannot find any federal law that states an employer is required to offer bereavement leave.   According to  this .  This Q & A page  that specifically talks about how bereavement is covered under OFLA and not FMLA.   As far as I know, Oregon is the only state that has any sort of laws regarding bereavement leave. California has tried to pass laws for it over the past several years if I am not mistaken, but they have failed or been vetoed.
0	I had a few older fraternity brothers who thought they were hilarious.  One day, me and another pledge were brought into a room.  Two thin brown lines were cut in the table.  "UNSTABLETON_LIVE, we just got back from the city with some heroin.  We are all super fucked up."  Me and my buddy talk it over for while, bouncing the idea back and forth.  (We partied pretty hard).  After ten minutes of serious debate, another frat brother walks in .  The situation is explained to him and he quickly blows both lines and proclaims, "that's snuff."  And walks out the room.
1	Day[9] is probably my favorite person to just sit and watch. As somebody who knows psychology, I'd have to say that I'd be very surprised if DayJay had never studied up on a bit of psychology himself. A lot of what he has to say that revolves even loosely around psychology is very accurate.   OP, listen to the advice Day[9] has to give. He knows his stuff even if the game isn't League. You get into ranked queue in order to improve yourself by facing people around your skill level. If you get placed with trolls, ignore them in game, report them afterward if you can, and hope the tribunal does its work.   Also, it's important to take a break after frustrating games. If you immediately re-que, you run the risk of still being on tilt and playing at a lower level comparatively, and may also run into the same trolls / feeders.   Take a ten-minute break. Get something refreshing to drink. Fresh tea or water works best. Take deep breaths, and if you can / know how, personal meditating for ~5 minutes to light music is very soothing.
0	We call them "buttflickers" in my family and after years of cleaning them up on the side of the road as a boy scout I can say it absolutely infuriates me when I see it on the road. Almost as mad as I get over texting.   STORY TIME! At our local chili's one afternoon, and a huge luncheon of state troopers is also in the restaurant with us. They leave before us and, before actually leaving, several stand outside near their cars for a smoke. My family can see them, because they are right outside our window, and after 3 of the 6 or so officers throw their butts on the ground, my sister, father and I went to the parking lot, quietly walked up to them, and without a word picked up the butts right at their feet. Didn't say a word, and my mom said their jaws dropped when we turned away from them.
1	GuardsMan Bob does that all the time with WarWick and GangPlank, and used to play Xin Zhao mid too before he became useless. He shown several times that it may be a good idea, expecially if you wanna shut down a potential hyper carry as Kassadin may be.
1	he sure did,after i wrote my response,not before
0	sigh  you're right.  I obviously would suggest things like disclaimer saying "are you having legal issues? Then get a lawyer!  this is not a law office, it's the internet!", probably a disclaimer regarding jurisdictions, and one of the rules should be "do not ask questions about a legal problem you are having, if that is the case, find a lawyer.  This subreddit is for discussing legalities in an academic sense."   regarding identity, I've yet to find a solution to that with  anything  that is online.  Obviously it would require people to generally try to be honest, work based on reputation, and generally be good rather than dishonest.   But, as I said, you're right, it would be something of a nightmare to manage.   Goodness knows the discussion of the legal precedent and the relevance of the cultural moral climates at the time when those precedents arose and the current climes is part of what interests me most about the subject.  Threads would explode into massive walls of text, miles high, with
1	I don't really feel Shyvana is in a bad place. Sure she's not 100% pick or ban in competitive as she was before but then again that can be said for like 75% of all the champions.
1	I feel like Gromp buff + thornmail + cinderhulk later on is just very overwhelming the tank is usually unkillable as is, but is now actually doing damage to bruisers that aren't full tank plus there are tanks that are doing more damage based on how much hp they have. (I'm looking at you sejuani >_>) I feel like if they scale down the damage from cinderhulk and reduce the hp to 200 or so it would atleast help to the problem. IMO the tank meta is pretty boring for the game, I just don't have very much fun against champion X that puts on his/her shield for 1/4th of their hp and just pretty much be a wall for their AD's although thats what they are meant for, in previous seasons the tanks in the front were killable rather quickly, and now junglers with cinderhulk are very tanky.
1	Huge fan of Shyvana Jungle from Season 2 and i was very excited seeing that Riot was going to be revamping her.  On the night of her newest PBE release I played with a few Rioters and told them my feeling how she seemed effective in lane.   Shyvana deals a good mix of damage while being a melee range tank.  Based on hot Shyvana effectively deals AoE damage on basically every ability she needs to stand in the opposing team to be useful. Shyvana's abilities were not changed, only their numbers and effects were.   The problems I see however is what itemizing as and against Shyvana details. Shyvana's E allows you to deal % HP as magic damage per AA.  This damage is almost zero'd out by a purchase of Spirit Visage, a very common item for top-lane champions right now. There is nearly no reason for Shyvana to itemize into Magic Resistance Penetration as items which have these stats do not have components required for an effective build.   As Shyvana you have two options for itemizing yourself. You can either attempt to build for tank in your early game with an item such as Sunfire Cape or a Spirit Visage of your own. Which leaves your damage to being easily countered.  OR you can go for a VampSceptor item, either BotRK or Ravenous Hyrda to maximize your potential to stick to your target or your ability to deal AOE damage and Split push.  This however leaves Shyvana with little in terms of defenses until she his 6 and receives the passive she does rather rely on to be a tank.   Over all, I still enjoy playing Shyvana, but I do see problems with her play in lane. I will certainly look to test your guild myself before I say more...
0	Ok to distinguish between what some posters have said about how to handle the situation of what to do about pho-friends. I have seperate groups of friends who live at opposite ends of the spectrum. One of the groups shares interests with me more so than a strong friendship like my life long friends do. Within the shared intrest group we smoke, listen to metal, watch fights but I have always noticed that I am kind of the black sheep in the group when we hang out. The one that is on the fringe of the conversations or the guy on the outside of the inside joke (seemingly so). I consider myself to be a fairly good judge of character and motive and notice small things. I am not sensitive when it comes to back and forth joking, especially with my life long friends. However, when it comes to the "other" group it always seems that instead of joking to my face or just playing around they constantly make comments under their breath or speak with veiled intent which for the most part i see through, which is annoying cause i can't tell if they aren't whitty enough to secretly make fun of me without me knowing or they are somehow thinking i should laugh at the fact they are trying to secretly make fun of me. Long winded problem with a obvious answer, right? Just ditch those guys. Well it's not that easy because of our joint lifestyle, pun intended. I have shared risk by endangering that "friendship" due to the fact we smoke which puts me at risk along with them, and despite the unspoken rule of never turn on a fellow ent, who can you really trust with your life? This is all my fault for getting in this deep but I am tired of being berated but at the same time I can't just up and leave, or to me it appears that way. I almost always defer to the most logical decision in situations so i can take it if it turns out maybe i need to just do some self-examination, maybe im the problem. I honestly do my level best to be friendly and kind to others, even in excess sometimes to my own detriment. Does anyone have any solutions for my situation?
0	Sadly, you broke the rules to Reddit. Here they are: If you are going to ask a question, it cannot be something that you are genuinely curious about or do not understand. Instead of being appreciated for utilizing the Reddit community, you will be demeaned for not "Googling" it first. If you want upvotes and generally positive reception for a question, it has to being something completely meaningless and has to allow each Redditor to answer with their own story or example. Reddit loves to tell stories and give opinions, but most of Reddit HATES supporting actual curiosity or facilitating any type of actual learning.
1	its okay, I just read the
1	Hello,  I would like to see a Lee Sin Wallpaper (1920x1080) It would be cool if its got the qoute:" Master yourself, master the enemy" And it would be awesome if Lee Sin got a Hoodie with the TSM Logo on it.  And a great thank you if you could do this for me. (Sorry for my bad english)
1	No, that's not how most people think, but it may just be due to selective bias on my part.   Japanese people (as a whole) are generally considered more racist than other groups of people around the world. In the past couple weeks I've been in Japan, I've gotten an uncountable number of ”外人” whispers between friends or elementary school kids yelling ”いけめんや” as I walk by (I'm in Kyoto).
0	My boyfriend (black) & I (white) parked his car behind our local comic shop. While we were walking a black teenager wearing a hood pulled low over his face (I live in Miami, it was hot as hell) waled by us. Honestly I didn't remember him until my bf mentioned him. When we left the store his passenger window had been smashed & his bag stolen. He was pissed at himself because he said when he saw the kid he had a feeling he should walk back to the car but didn't cause he didn't want to judge the kid like he'd been judged before.
0	Devil's Advocate: It could be a class that's graded on a curve, in which case it  is  a competition, and working on your assignments at home is an unfair advantage.   My high school physics teacher made participation 15% of the final grade; he awarded points to students for things like good quiz scores, "surprising" him with a good question or answer, etc. At the end of the grading period, he would rank students by points and award them participation grades based on their rank. This was also a school where many of the students were the children of literal rocket scientists, who they could go to for help with homework. In other words, us peasant students who tested into the course on our own hard work but couldn't get the teacher to play favorites with us were screwed.
1	I know some of you fellow summoners work for The Man and can't view the forums, so...   >Hey guys.   >This is something definitely on our radar, and has been a talking point in our various teams at Riot for quite some time now.   >We're currently working on ways to make matchmaking more intelligent so this can be possible. The last thing we want to do is make NA East and West servers and change things up, so there's a lot of design decisions to take into account.   >In the meantime, we're working at optimising the connectivity from the East Coast to our servers on the West. This stuff does take time - but I promise we're constantly working in ALL of our regions on making it the best experience for everybody.   >
0	I find that some artistic types tend to have pretty fragile egos.  They say they don't work for money because of artistic integrity, but I think it's really because money can been seen as some kind of tangible indicator of talent and skills.   What if they put a demo out and tried for copywriting and it turns out they get paid peanuts?  That could mean they're not as great or special as they thought they were...then where would they be?  What would they do with themselves?   It's kind of scary for them and it can take a long time or a really desperate situation before they can step out of that comfort zone.   Edit:
1	Just play it like its a normal game. Remember it just for fun AND you can just delete your old team with a shitty record and make a new one.   And laugh. I can't say how important it is to laugh. When something shitty happens, and a close friend blames you, just say a witty retort (Eat a dick!) and laugh. Laughing relieves the tension in a game quickly. And don't make your force your friends into champs they don't want to play. Hell our ranked team has a 100% win rate with support Nasus and mid Karma because they felt like playing those champs.
1	I decided to resign myself from watching Fnatic games after the first couple of losses, the amount of emotional stress I suffered was just too much for me to handle lol. Those first couple of losses totally ruined my evenings.   I've been thinking alot about why they've been losing, and analyzed even a couple of their games, and as Rekkles leads on, came to the same conlcusion that the confidence the guys got, after the winstreak, probably went to their head. One does not have to be particulary perceptive to notice it, their plays just turned sloppy. After the first couple of losses the team probably went on tilt and that's where they are now.   I don't know if any of you will be reading this, but I've been a Fnatic fan since season 1. Tbh, at first it was mainly because Cyanide is the only Finnish pro, but as time passed by the whole team has grown on me, and for me one of the more definitive wins for Fnatic was the awesome Dreamhack winter final against EG with a double bruiser comp. And don't get me started with IPL5.
1	Nunu's been my main almost since day one and...   Yes, his late game is bad.  Very bad.  The one thing I've started doing (which is much easier to do in the jungle) is to change your build order so that your AP comes out of nowhere and you'll get tons of kills just because they don't expect you to jump from 8 AP to 204 in one or two buys.     Meki+Pots   Catalyst+Boots   Debuff boots+Tear (still no AP, but you're a farming/slowing/ganking machine)   Rod or AA or Veil or Rabadingdong's Hat or Lich Bane if you're getting especially fed.  Frozen Heart is your best best friend if you're against AD.  I usually end up with Veil and Abyssal if I'm against AP.     But yeah.  Your key items are Debuff boots, AA, Frozen, Veil and the Hat (which sucks because if you're not against AD, you can't really get that frozen and put it to full use!).  I'd say GA is a waste unless you're running cleanse and quick with it (Nunu gets focused pretty hard by stuns, given his ult and his short range).  Personally, I prefer Flash/Smite when I'm jungling so I don't play GA.   Also, alt+w to self cast your buff will save you when running away frantically.  Also also, watch your buff's cooldown instead of casting when it comes up because you'll be getting a decent amount of CDR (this is probably obvious unless you're new, but I played Nunu as a total noob =P).   Anyway.  That's my little shpiel on Nunu.  Hope it helps.
1	Well there are several things that are wrong with this, one of them being the attempt to get ROCCAT to come out(why even an EU team). June interferes with LCS so that knocks out any pro team out from flying to this convention.  Second, seeing that there isn't remotely even close to as much enthusiasm towards this compared to West Coast events, I just don't see sponsors wanting to back something that would possibly be a flop, it's just a bad move that would likely turn into a loss.  Lastly, with 15K I honestly don't see much being available if that goal is even reached.  Notes: Out of 1,000 responses I'm assuming it was practically all East Coast responses and I see no reason as to why someone wouldn't want it to happen. People volunteering to help out? It's a convention, people are going to want to come for either the free ticket, free swag, or just being a part of it, typically not out of the goodness of their heart. Last, no one knows anyone on the team that's putting this on, why would they spend $1,000 to meet up with them?
1	I'll be completely and totally honest. This excuse of not performing well because "they need more time to play together" is complete bullshit. You don't need months and months to create synergy between players when you play every day 8+ hours a day. It takes a week or two tops.   Look at EU, Fnatic gets a new ADC, move their ADC to support and they win the summer split. TSM replaces Chaox with Turtle, did they get any worse? No they got better right away. What about Vulcun when they get Bloodwater? Are they worse now? This excuse of "they will get better in time" is the most overused bullshit and as a long time CLG fan I am really getting tired of it.   Lets have a real talk. CLG's players are the ones who are failing, it isn't synergy, it isn't they haven't had enough time at their new position. Hai moved from jungle to mid and right away he became one of the most feared mids in NA. Their comps always rely on Doublelift carrying the shit out of CLG because he is the only one mechanically strong enough to do so. Nien I'd give credit and say he has been doing very well and has earned his spot, but that is only two players out of five. Link has honestly been a disappointment. Link was hyped up so much as a great player and every now and then he has a great game and looks damn amazing. The only problem is he isn't amazing most of the time. Chauster used to be one of the best supports easily, except the thing we all need to focus on is "used to". I'm assuming Chauster is still their shot caller now, and if he is then he has been doing a shitastic job at it. Their indecision on things has cost them so many games when they have it in the bag. This is what makes CLG games so frustrating to watch. It isn't Doublelift getting caught, it is CLG standing there watching the other team doing dragon after dragon and even baron a couple of times and not doing a single thing. Honestly that should be on bigfatlp because the jungler needs to have control over them but its on the shotcaller too.   I'm done ranting, but if CLG keeps this roster I can't wait to see them in S4 and when they are in the bottom 4 again they'll just say "Well we have been together for barely a year now, we need more time to create synergy" Bullshit.   Oh and to those who say they have gotten better, no they haven't. They started out hella good in the season and everyone had super high expectations. They went down as the season went on then had a small bump towards the end.   -Disgruntled CLG fan.
0	Actually, regarding managerial positions, you speak a lot of truth. I always tried to focus on the positive, rewarded effort, and most importantly, led by example. I don't think any employee is going to put in their best if they see their boss slacking. I think, because I treated my employees like humans, I effectively got more work out of them than some of the ball-buster, never-deviate-from-policy managers (to clarify, I never  broke  rules, but I bent them on occasion, such as letting someone take a 20 minute break instead of 15 if they were having a bad day, and so on). Sure, some employees took advantage of that, but they'd see my managerial side and get reprimanded.
0	I dropped out halfway through my senior year as I wasnt going to graduate anyway. Horrible attendence while still making b's because I was quite knowledgeable and I found it easy. I just had terrible depression and at that point couldnt care enough to give a shit and show up. At 20 I got my diploma through an accelerated learning course and at 23 work for the department of defense and make more than most of my friends who just graduated college. I can't take all the credit for this as those around me pushed me to do better, helped me with my depression, and my fiancée's parents helped me get my IT certs to stop wasting my time. Lots of people drop out for lots of different reasons.
0	Story:   I moved into town and found out quickly that I had been used as a ride, and was quickly pushed out of the place we all shared. Ex-roommate gave me room on his couch until I could find a job. After a few months, he, another friend and I get a 3-bedroom location, and I get a great paying job shortly after. I pay everyone back quickly and am able to pay my bills without complications.   Other roommate moves out, and Steve here decides he wants the bigger bedroom now unoccupied, even though it will cost more. But only moves his furniture into the new room and leaves a mess of trash and trinkets in his old bedroom, so no one can come in to see the place so we can get another third roommate.   Now that our bills are higher because it's 2 people, not 3, paying the bills, he has trouble paying his full share. Then he loses a job, and has less money to pay his share, but not go out to bars and events with his friends. Gets another job, and loses that one soon after. Has to keep borrowing money from me to pay for gas and food, and I have to cover more of the bills.   In one of the last months there, Steve said that he has the money to pay the rent and his share of the bills several times when asked before the end of the month. On the 1st, he has no money to pay any of the bills at all. When asked why he would say he has the money when he didn't, Steve says that he thought he would have had a bigger paycheck.   I find out through his social media that the following weekend, he decided to go out barhopping with his friends while I had to stay home, nearly broke from covering all of the bills at the apartment.   When I confront him about how much he owes me, while he's out having fun, I give him a list of the total he needs to pay me, and even ask him to work out a payment schedule. I also tell him he has to get a second job if he has that much trouble getting his bills paid. He whines that he'll have less time to spend with his friends, so having two jobs is out of the question.   When he won't work with me on the bills he owes, I threaten to take him to court. Steve then says that I owe him. He provides math where I suddenly owe the entire rent, utilities, gas and such from when I crashed on his couch, ignoring that he and his other roommate occupied both of the bedrooms in the place, and that when I had money I bought food, gave some to utilities and such.
1	As a person who attended this amazing event, thundersticks was a little over the top, but a loud crowd and a full room (out of standing room too, i got lucky and had a seat) just makes everything much better. On Friday, it wasn't as crowded as Saturday, and because of that, I had much more fun on Saturday.
0	I once had an appendicitis and my appendix was is a abnormal place. So when it rupture it completely popped and filled my insides with a purple goo. Plus with the fact that it was in the wrong place the doctors didn't find it for almost a month, resulting in an infection and a month in the hospital where I had 8 IV's hooked up to me and was constantly in pain
1	Also why is everyone talking about dodging like it has the same effect as intentionally losing? Do people not understand how the LoL's current system works? There are 2 ratings in ranked games, one is your rank, division, and your lp; the other rating is your mmr. MMR can only be changed by winning or losing games and it determines what level of skill the people you play against. A dude could intentionally dodge every promo he gets into and be bronze 5 and be playing against challengers.
1	As a fairly frequent Lucian player I believe (R)The Culling is just fine, the insane range combined with the high amount of mobilty from being able to use (E)Relentless Pursuit while channeling makes it the perfect ability for a Marksman, and the damage it seems to lack in the early-game is made up for with Lucian's pretty high burst. It's also really good for trades early on because you can (E)Relentless Pursuit or Flash away into Ult to get the better end of a trade in most cases, and late-game it actually deals a ton of damage. I also feel like the only cases where it gets easily circumvented is if you use it wrong, if you use it while still being in range to auto-attack or use your other abilities you're definately doing it wrong. The other part of it is while channeling it, you have to pay really close attention to how your opponent is trying to dodge it if they try to sidestep it you have to react quickly and follow your enemy in that direction, either with (E)Relentless Pursuit or by simply slightly predicting where the enemy will walk, and then following.   This ended up being a wall of text, guess I'm a little too passionate about this stuff.
1	We also have to realize we have more interaction with the sports scene than any other sport out there; every other sport usually has contained instances of interactions between the players and the community, whether that's sporting events or media forums, but League has streaming which is direct interaction between viewers and the streamers. After that, the players themselves are much more interactive with the community on forums such as Reddit and it's something we as a community take for granted, because these are players who do not usually go through a college scene or some other format of integration into the professional scene that can screen them and train them to take the criticism of the community; instead, they are either up there and known, or they are not. We need to realize this, and as we grow in the esports format give them the respect they deserve for playing in the format they do, while also making sure that when we do critique them, it isn't just mindless insults but rather real, backed up choices. Yes, Wickd has made some questionable choices/builds, but honestly, it makes the games more entertaining than the static builds the meta enforces and I'll take that any day over just watching the same basic, boring game played over and over again with different names over the same champs.
0	Where are you get your information? Typically the interest rate is based on credit, insurance rates are much more tied to crime in the area. There are also laws that protect "keeping money in white neighborhoods." Please read the Community Reinvestment Act or any of the other countless laws on the subject.   If a bank was doing this their customers would sue them. Or the Federal Reserve could take their license away. Its that serious, banks are overly cautious with this stuff for fear of losing their license to do  any  business in a certain state.   And lastly, it is illegal for Realtors to do what you said. What easier way to make money than to sue a realtor that took you out for the day and only showed you homes in traditionally black or white neighborhoods. If you say "I want to live in X neighborhood" that is one thing. But no, a realtor is not going to risk their license to achieve some master segregation plan they are all secretly colluding on.   Please post something to substantiate any of the claims you made. What you are suggesting violates several federal and state laws, they include civil penalties (grounds to sue) and up to and including a bank losing its license. I know people have been known to break the law in the past, but to even consider anything you said as being partially true you need to substantiate it.
1	we make the rules in order to keep this place organized and on topic.   Anything that relates to League of Legends no matter how big or small it is, is on topic.   So why do we need 20 different subreddits for things that arent allowed if they're on topic?   LoL Fanart is on topic but it's essentially been forced to its own subreddit where as it should be allowed here and if people only want to look at fanart they can go there.   The sectional subreddits are the ones that should be filtered, not the main LoL subreddit.   Everything should be welcome on the main LoL subreddit and if people are looking for ONLY fanart they can go to LoLfanart. To essentially ban fanart on the main subreddit and tell them to post it elsewhere is idiotic.
0	The boy is happy to eat a hamburger.  He dreams about making the hamburger.  But he knows he has to do good in school.  As he concentrates on his schoolwork, the vision or reality of the dream sadly slips away.  In the end, even though he is a "succesful astronaut," he is sad because he just wants to be the burger flipper.
0	Hi, A bit of unsolicited advice from a man who was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 9, in 1984, and just finished a Masters degree this year.  I really don't believe that boys should be medicated before the age of 9 or 10 in any case, because males in particular tend to be kinetic learners. So I think that you not medicating your son until the age of 9 has been a good step.   A word about medication (note: I am neither a doctor, or biochemist, so this might not be 100% exact.)  Most of the common ADHD Medication are a class calledDopamine uptake inhibitors. (Ritalin, Concerta, and Adderall)  They work by preventing your body from reabsorbing extracellular dopamine by boding to the receptors.  Dopamine is needed by neurones in order to fire, and they cannot fire when there is no extra cellular Dopamine.  So these drugs work to stimulate brain activity, which seems counter intuitive.   I think the best description of ADHD is "leaky brakes"  This is to say your son, knows what he should do, wants to do it, but he can't quite put the brakes on his brain to do what he should.  This is where Meds come in.  By using a stimulant, the inhibitory parts of the brain, are strengthened.  To continue with the analogy, there is more break fluid in the brakes.  In these situations where you need will power, Meds are wonderful. Awesome. Amazeballs! etc.   But inhibitory processes are only part of what your son faces.  The other part deals with executive function.  This is where the horsepower in his brain is transferred into toque for his mental wheels.  This is where coping strategies are essential.  No amount of current medication can help with this.  This is where he needs to find what works for him.   I have one rule when it comes to ADHD.  I call it "Anyway you can."  Your son will face challenges, and both you and he need to know, that trying harder does not work.  He needs to try different.  There are very few set in stone rules that work here, you and he need to try differently.  If he has trouble getting ready in the morning, make sure he has a short list. (prioritizing is part of executive function) if he can't sit and do math homework, let him do three minutes of math and two minutes of moving.  (Standing stools work better for me than chairs so I can fidget.)  Try different things with him and see what sticks.  If meds work, use them, if exercise works, do it (exercise releases extracellular dopamine)  and while it might be natural to focus on areas of weakness, help him find and excel in areas he has strengths in as well.   If you take one piece of advice from me let this be it.  Try everything, and keep using what works, don't limit yourself to any one ideology.
0	Not to prosletyze, but only because I don't want to turn this into my blog. it can get into some
0	Story time!   Disclaimer: I'm as white as they come.   When I was little I loved rice and it was all I ever ate. So much that my parents used to joke that I was chinese. So this one time, in kindergarten class, we were learning about countries and nationalities and the teacher asked me what country was I born in, to which I replied "China!". The teacher was doubtful so at the end of the day she asked my parents about it. When my mom explained to me that I wasn't in fact born in China I cried for hours.
1	You can counter Nami with Leona. You can e+q to her. She is quite squishy even with health runes so looses direct contact. It's good to do engage after her w (heal/atack) and even better after she uses her q (buble). Her abilities have quite a lot of CD at first.
1	I just played a game of LoL which really made me feel like quitting. it was a normal but i don't play ranked because i only just hit 30 on first account. Ashe nami (i was ashe) vs cait sona. Im not very experienced at adc but did ok. I knew i couldnt get anywhere near the creeps so the cait and sona pushed and i last hit under turret. they were at turret constantly and we received 0 ganks. the jax top got constantly ganked by our ammumu and was 4-1 in 10 minutes. anyway laning phase ended and i was 3-1 after getting kills under turret when dived but unfortuately the caitlyn hadnt died. so i (being underfarmed) farmed bot while my team did their thing. the jax goes in and dies 1v4 and blames me saying that they needed me in teamfights and i shouldnt farm bot. then said he was reporting me for intentionally feeding and spamming. all i had said all game was little jokes about when i died or when i did a bad arrow. rest of the game he flames me constantly and then the rest of my team joins in saying i was a noob and that the game was lost because of me despite me being 4-5-5 i think by the end. honestly i think this game will die because of the constant abuse you get if you dont go 20-0-45. it's getting out of hand. if i defend someone in game or try to be friendly apparently it's spamming and i get reported
1	Yeah I reported someone for being boosted like 2 months ago and guess what? The fucker has his rewards and isn't banned.
0	I never really watched it before until the end of past season. I wasn't crazy about it but it was something to watch. Now I can't wait for each episode that comes out.  The wait for the next episode IS agonizing, but it does keep me regularly tuning into the show, and I guess that's what amc wants from it.
1	I try and post this everytime I see one of these threads.  Tier 1 runes are a good deal, and tier 2 are the worst deal in the game.   You can get 6 tier 1 AD, Armor, and Magic Resist runes for 270 IP.  1 Quint is between 40 and 165 IP, depending on what you want.   note: you unlock 1 rune spot per lvl, so you only need 6 marks, seals, and glyphs   A tier 1 armor rune gives 0.78 armor; a tier 3 gives 1.41.  A tier 1 costs 15 ip; a tier 3 costs 205.   Tier 2 are a waste of IP!  Continue to buy tier 1 runes until lvl 30, then get all lvl 3.
1	Build resistances, not health.   If you farm efficiently, you should be going for  full tank.  Getting a RoA and all of those other items sure will get you 100AP and will make you hit a little bit higher, but you're a tank first and foremost. From my own experience, I find building resistances over AP is much better. You don't need health because your Feast gives you them (try to not lose them!). I usually go for a FoN first and then go for an Armor item. From there, I either get a Wit's End (good MR shred and auto attacking does more damage than you think) or just some more resistances. By now, you should be basically unkillable and now I start going for some damage.   I don't buy AP because I believe that Q and W is used for CC and the damage you get from it is less than just buffing your auto attacks. Plus, since you're Cho'Gath, you'll be able to go up in the face of their carries and auto attack them down.
1	I think this is just the attitude of the Chinese fans at the event. Chaox's vlog a while back mentioned similar attitudes. When iG beats WE, then only the iG fans cheer. When WE beats iG, then only the WE fans cheer. I hope next year the event is not held in China and starts to be rotated around. Korea would be fun as would EU. I would rather it not held in the USA since I live here though it is an epic place. But seeing the pictures of China is fun and I want to see the USA players pics from around the world.
1	I'm a support main, and yesterday I played with Thresh one game. The game started pretty bad because I failed 2 hooks, hitting both to a minion. The other team did have a Janna, and she said to me: "Are you Madlife?", I didn't answered and I tried to do my best. I did some good plays hooking the enemy Lucian (and the pro Janna) some times during the lane phase which allowed my carry to get some kills. The game was close because they had a fed Jarvan, and a fed Kassadin. On the few fights we had, I tried to stop J4's combo (with flay) so he couldnt get close to my carry and then try to hook the fed Kassadin. I did that few times and my carry did survive like 80% of the fights, which allowed us to win the game. That Janna bought Mejai and ended the game 0/10/X, with less than 5 stacks, so my question is: Why people has so bad manners in soloQ when they cant even show their GOOD skill?
0	If you're going to not tip for bad service, at least leave a note or something explaining what was bad about the service.  That will do two things, first it will tell your server what they did wrong so they can correct it (assuming they care).  Second, it will set you a part from the people who "don't believe in tipping."   I worked at a Golden Corral for a few summers during college serving (it sounds bad but it is actually the best place to serve in my opinion) since it is a buffet the servers didn't take orders and weren't responsible for the food so tips were basically based on how clean you kept customer's tables, how full you kept their drinks, and how people friendly you could be.  There were servers who knew the bad tippers as soon as they walked in the door.  No one wanted to serve them but someone had to, if they sat at your table you got stuck with them.  The advice other servers gave was to rush them out, they'd subtlety push them along in their meal with questions like "looks like you're about ready for dessert, would you like some coffee to go with it?"
1	I am a newish level 30 on my first account and after having many problems(afk teammates/trolls) in my promo matches I ended up in bronze 1.In one of the games our jungle Nunu went 0-22-2. Now I don't claim to be amazing but I believe I am better than most people in this league,but every other game I end up 4v5 or someone or their entire team gets fed. I was honestly considering just giving up on ranked and even possibly the game. After reading this I am convinced that I should give it another try.
1	No but I believe his point is more it would take an insane amount of resources to try and balance this thing, because it as an extremely hard line to walk with something like this, if that stats are even a little too high it could swing things massively and that champ will be perma picked-banned every match and have a crazy winrate, and if the stats are even a little to low, whats the point you will be gimped 90% of the game by losing your pet.   The balance would need to be like draven, IE- Dravens damage is competitive even if you don't catch a single axe, however if each one he catches makes his damage even better, to the point of if you let him juggle without fail he seems OP, but it has an inbuilt counter in that you can see where they are going and dissuade him from catching them.  something similar would have to be done for the pet, such that you can only expect to have the pet active for some of the time and still do competitive damage.
0	Not everyone in the US has to pay a lot for a really good school.  This is not true in every state, but typically public home state colleges are affordable.   Did you mean $6,500 per semester/year/full education?  My state school is $9,800/year.  That may sound like a lot, but we also have an education fund that gives every in-state student a full-tuition scholarship as long as they maintain a 3.0 GPA.  I believe the grade requirement has changed since I went there about 8 years ago, but in-state tuition wasn't as must either.   I paid zero dollars for tuition at a top 25 public school, and two of my three roommates did the same (the other got the pell grant; federal grant money for families that can't afford education loans).
0	Took a theorey in Asian American something something, the class was essentially how the white man is destroying Asian culture and lively hood, here are a few examples or the biased lessons.     any westernization/movement of white people to Asian lands is cultural domination/imperialism, yet when Asians move to the US we are Culturally oppressing them. I mean they are doing the same thing that would be bad if they were the white people but they aren't white.     the city of Los Angeles in the 90's held a giant fair to bring in culture of other nations and peoples in; and instead of this being looked at as good natured it, was seen as the white man showing dominance over the minorities  (I still don't see how).     A few military bases that were set up during WWII by the United States I can see being a problem now, but the people in those areas are saying stuff like "It wasn't even out war!" and crying.  Really? It wasn't your war? Hitler was just going to pass this small Island and be like "Hey guys should we racially cleanse this island?" and his advisers are just like "Oh no Hitler we can't they aren't part of this war."
0	Technology is basically math, and math is black and white. 2+2 is always going to equal 4.   Real world is much more grey and complex. You can never say "All bad bankers should go to jail" because there is so much grey area. What if an employee was being threatened, and felt in danger unless they acted in a way which would make them a "bad banker". Should they go to jail? or should the person forcing their hand go to jail? If you argue the person forcing their hand is responsible, you can always argue "well the banker could have quit". Is it reasonable to expect someone to quit or leave, anytime they feel they are doing something "immoral"? If you think so, how do you justify soldiers, etc, etc.   Law and politics is much more moral, and anything that's moral is just about a blurry and grey as you can get. Everyone is influencing eachother, and there are an infinite amount of variables that you can  never  make an equation in which x+y=z.
0	I wouldn't let nipple size or shape keep me from what could be an awesome relationship. If she's your best friend, you better get your shit together before she's gone.
1	Eh, not really. The real talking point isn't their uniforms, or not joking around, it's that the phobia of taking towers is bullshit and teams need to get over it. There's a lot that can be taken from how to properly organize an e-sports team, but the western teams knew it already. It just so happens that most of them aren't willing to put in that effort. Then you look at teams like CLG.EU and M5, which are normally considered "Western Teams" and they're both boot camping teams with good work ethics. It's them repeatedly showing that push strategies work that is important. To be fair CLG.NA has been rotating their carry to non-pushed lanes after downing early towers for a long time and running mid-game push strategies, though not  every game  like Blaze is doing.
0	So one time, me and a group of six friends were road tripping from Salt Lake City to Portland Oregon in a 82' econoline van. It was the worst winter storm of the year and we were an hour out  of town when the windshield wiper motor started working periodically. So we would lean out the window every time a semi passed us and squeegeed the salt off the window with a stolen squeegee.
0	been there all i can say is "don't make it worse" a kid is forever if it takes a while to work out a civil relationship with the mother do it its worth itand even better the kids learn the bullshit that is spread about you is lies. in 6 years i have gone from her turning off her phone so i couldn't call them for xmas or birthdays to me having them over when ever I want and a better relationship with them than I have ever had.well worth nearly having to bite my tongue off at times to work towards a civil relationship with the EX
1	The worst community in league would be from Singapore, I played in that server until i got to diamond 4. The amount of toxicity and rudeness of the players is beyond me. Maybe because Rito do not manage the servers there. There is no tribunal hence toxic and troller are left unpunished and free to roam the Summoner Rift as we speak. For now im playing in NA server where the community is 10x better. Sorry for my bad English, it is not my first language.
0	Also posted this elsewhere, but relevant here too:   Don't use add blockers. If you want quality entertainment made by producers with money to spend on it, someone has to pay for that entertainment. It's a very small price to pay to watch 10 seconds of commercial so that the creator of the video can get paid.   I'm not just talking about youtube. I'm talking about all types of internet media. The adds are annoying but they ultimately are our friends, because they encourage people to produce and stream quality entertainment to you  FOR FREE .   The biggest disincentive that television stations see to airing their content online for free is the idea that most of their users will use addblockers and thus the advertising agencies will not pay much for add space.   These days a lot of internet adds are becoming interactive. They do things like ask you to answer a quick survey as opposed to watching the add. Add agencies get a huge hard-on when you take the time to answer their silly questions (it doesn't actually take more time than the video adds, sometimes less). It indicates to them that you are paying attention, and it also gives them some marketing research. This incentivises  them to pay more for the media  YOU  want to watch.
0	What the fuck kind off a question is that? Four years! Four years, and it is a labor intensive process, exhausting, obnoxious, and makes me feel like I have no options. I can't back a candidate in any race because I don't agree with the things they are most likely to act on. I can't even choose the one that I share the most ideology with because that's choosing based on things they're not going to pay any attention to, and falsely assumes that I trust any of them at this point.   Were you referring instead to any of the numerous and overly wordy ballot referendums? Because while those have some effect on the way I live my life, and while I enjoy that I get to have some amount of control over it, the candidates for the 20+ offices are going to make vastly more decisions than the few things on the ballot referendums.
1	I was Silver I for a long time, even before season 3 I was always just under 1500, never made it in time for season 3. I finally got a winning streak into Gold V and have had a consistently high win rate after that and am now in Gold I, haven't played a ton recently but I win more than half my games in Gold I, I got to gold I in about 4 days after 6 months at silver I/1400-1500. I've been Gold I for a few months neither going up nor down. ELO hell for me was Silver.   |   There is an annoying amount of people in this thread who think the OP  is full of shit because they have 2 accounts that are gold III and they had no problem carrying in Silver I. Some points to consider:     Once OP was out of Silver he got to plat, once I left Silver I shot up to Gold I in a few days. It seems like after breaking out of Silver it becomes easier to carry. So if you personally carried past Silver, even multiple times, that means nothing because statistically one team wins each game, if you are on that team you go up. If you are not below your teams skill level you have at least a 50% chance of winning. In ten games 1 in 1024 people like you will win every game by sheer odds. Some people got lucky shooting up past Silver. Once your past Silver you aren't going to drop back down.     In Silver the biggest problem is one player getting absolutely dominated, not because his lane opponent is better but because he is worse. I'll handily beat your average Silver player in lane, infact I almost always won lane. However I will only occasionally  cream  a Silver player. Going 8 3 9 is from being better than your lane opponent. Going 17 0 15 is from your lane opponent sucking balls or getting counter picked. For the most part I'll win my lane 8 3 9 but another lane will go 17 0 15, the team with that guy wins, the team with the 0 17 2 loses, regardless of the other lanes.     So be that guy? I'm not Diamond I, I can't absolutely dominate a player to that extent in every game, if the player has a good pick and is scared shitless I'll mostly only reasonably dominate him.     A gold one player knows how to ward, and when to do dragon and how to focus objectives properly, none of these things is possible without your team. Not doing these things will hinder a Gold I team, knowing about them will not help a Silver I team if they won't help you.     Certain roles and play styles lend themselves to carrying. An excellent jungler or roaming mid does better than a support or farmey top for carrying. A good support can't carry a bad adc. However put that support in Gold I and he might actually start carrying because his ADC is good and not sabotaging himself and then the supports skills can affect the game. Put that jungler who's aggressive ganks (or simple knowledge of how to wall jump past wards) lets him carry Silver I games into Gold I and he might start losing because the players know his game and it won't work.       Basically there are carrying skills and teamskills :     Dueling, ganking, CSing, mechanics are carrying skills     Warding, objectives, builds, meta, counter picking, trading, communication, map awareness (for others), are team skills       A player has various levels of skill in these things that might add up to a Gold I player or a Silver I player, or whatever, but your skill distribution is only Gold I in Gold I. A brilliant team player doesn't rise well (nor fall out of a division he doesn't deserve to be in quickly). Hardcore carrier players rise and fall quickly out of divisions they don't deserve to be in.   |
1	I think what a lot of people don't remember is that rito don't have the ability to test champions in every possible matchup at every possible skill level, and thus, they can't make perfect revisions to champions, and most certainly can't appease everyone whenever they do make the decision to revise a champ.   Riot are probably still trying to improve their methods of balancing as they go along, and with more practice (aka live game updates) they will get better and better.  Especially since this is a team dedicated to doing just that.   So when people get angry and bash Riot for not knowing how to balance.. Well that's pretty naïve.  You can't expect an entity, no matter how large the balance team may be, to be able to perform measurably perfect or even generally good when it comes to stuff with so many variables as balancing something in a game.
0	If this is in response to the NCAA football players at Northwestern unionizing, you are not wrong. College athletes should not get paid to play and that is not what they are trying to do at Northwestern in starting their own union.   While being a college athlete is a more rigorous and demanding job than most 9 to 5's it is necessary for the athletes to maintain amateur status. If the athletes began receiving compensation they would become professionals and void their amateur status and eligibility to play for their school.   The biggest issue that is being raised with the NCAA by the Northwestern football players is the protection of the players when they are no longer able to play. If you are a player on the Northwestern football team you contribute to the millions of dollars brought in to the school by the football program. All of your dedication and sacrifice is rewarded with a free education and preferential benefits on campus (housing,  meal plans, scheduling,  etc.) yet if you suffer a career ending injury while practicing or playing for the school you risk losing your scholarship and/or being responsible for your own treatment and medical expenses if that injury turns chronic.  Once you can no longer contribute to the program, the school and NCAA washes its hands of all responsibility for anything negative resulting from your participation in a sport at their university.   I completely agree that college athletes should not be paid to play. Yet the exploitation of college athletes and the lack of accountability by their respective schools is unfair and unacceptable. IMO
0	Both me and my best friend come from divorced families. She was unlucky enough to get an ass for a stepfather  early on and he forced her to call him "dad" right from the beginning. I remember around her 8th birthday she accidentally called him "Louie" (he never treated her well or like a father) and he took her out to the parking lot and screamed at her, claiming she had embarrassed him by not calling him dad. Even though her real father was still in the picture and active in her life, Louie demanded it of her and punished her otherwise. She learned to call him "dad" to his face and his actual name when out of earshot.   My stepdad is a really warm and welcoming man and never pushed for me to call him "dad", even though he was in my life since I was 12 or so and helped more than my real dad ever did. "Todd" will have a meaning closer to what "dad" is suppose to be any day.
0	It probably happens without you noticing it.   In high school, I had a huge crush on one of the geekiest guys in my school. (He liked science fiction, wrote his own computer games, and used three monitors on his home computer.)  I was (am) pretty darn nerdy myself, and he didn't notice me in a romantic way at all--he was too busy crushing on my hot best friend.  A few years later when I got "hot" things changed, but by then was too late--I'd moved on.
1	Why does everyone think he's playing silvers? Like, even if he made a fresh smurf, after winning 10/10 or 9/10 placement matches, you're already low gold. It won't take him more than 50 games to get plat (and 50 is honestly stretching it). I just hate it when I see people make comments like this saying what he is doing is wrong, selfish, or unskilled. He's a really good riven player and you can see that from his mechanics. Maybe he's not a pro level top laner but who cares, he's not asking to be.
0	I wouldn't say they are the best, but they are perhaps the best in a reasonable price range. They are one of the nicest I've used, and are quite reasonable for their high quality sound. Most in-ears that are better cost substantially more, and that sort of money is better spent on Professional grade over-ears.
1	Now i remember this story - back to IPL4 qualifier - when this Xdude and his little friends trashtalked M5 in the lobby then the "LOL comment" in allchat and all this stuff. And at this time everyone just seen M5 trashtalking you, welldone kiddies. I'm really happy you got kicked and hope you ll never play LoL on a competitve level again. Bye Bye
1	If you see 1v5 fight and he is guaranteed kill for enemy... for god sakes don't go to save him and then die with him. Well you get the point.
1	Dont take MR in lane as an AD carry. You take very little magic damage, and a null magic mantle is 24MR for 400g.   And dont take scaling MR as a solo lane, you want flat MR to reduce the damage you take as harass from 1-6. Scaling MR is best for junglers who wont take much/any magic damage until 6+.   Basically, having +13MR at level 1 is better than having +13MR at level 9. After level 9, purchasing additional MR (ie: mercs, wits end, spirit visage) make MR runes redundant and "devalue" the runes themselves because damage reduction isnt linear scaling additive.   The time that you need/want that MR, is to stop and shut down harass from AP champs like Anivia, Annie, Kass, etc during laning phase 1-7.
1	Given how hard it is to create a  true  random number generator in programming, chances are the algorithm that ARAM uses probably isn't entirely random to begin with. Furthermore, changing the team comp. algorithm seems to me to be the best way to get fewer people to leave the game without dishing out penalties. The only problem (and admittingly a big one) is that people may disagree on when the algorithm should intervene with champion select. That problem aside, a good randomness algorithm would merely randomly select everyone's champions continually until a good match has been found. So, as long as the algorithm only intervenes in scenarios where one team  drastically  outmatches the other, I don't see why such an idea has to be downvoted without debate.
1	I know exactly what you mean, when I would Ryze two years ago, before his nerfs when his Q WAS 10% OF HIS MANA! I get called, troll gg scrub noob, and your team automatically goes to troll mode. It's happened a couple times when I play Viktor, but I prove them wrong by carrying their fucking awful asses. I really think the
0	Nah it's good. When it happens you can open up a bit. The worst is when you jerk it to long and the soap goes away but you don't feel like reapplying and you end up getting bad friction rash and start bleeding in one spot and the soap gets IN the newly formed opened raw piece of flesh.
1	Ok so I've been here for about 5 minutes trying to word this in my head. Lets say you're in Silver II and your MMR is around Gold I/ Plat, so you are playing against people of your skill level while trying to get up to their division, then you hit your promos all of a sudden you're in a game with Silver I players, they have MMR around Silver I they are at their cap, all of a sudden they are playing a game against a Plat and lose horribly, since they're at their skillcap anyone passing through is gonna be likely to get them in their promos so now these Silver I players are being punished for being Silver I.
1	DISCLAIMER: THIS IS LEGIT "HOW TO CLIMB" FROM GOLD TO PLAT  ^(by Gordon Ramsay)   Hi guys. Last season I climbed to Gold 1 from Silver 4. Basically it was more like rush from S4 to G5 and then I rot whole year in Gold. It was fun, because you can witness a lot of great plays here, you meet a lot of smurfs and overall I was happy to be in Gold, decent league. I did this "climb" mostly with playing top and mid (khazix, lux, jayce, lee sin). After elo reset I ended up in Gold 4 (down from Gold 1).   After reset the level of players drastically dropped down. I was struggling every game with ragers and flamers. It was like new silver. Then I told to myself I can do better. I don't belong here. I'm better than actual gold players. I think we all have been there...   And then I read this post:  I said to myself "I like jungling, but then all my lanes are losing". Then I didn't have idea how to snowball winning team. After that I found Meteos advice usefull - fight other jungler. I messed up a bit in gold 4 with trying to jungle with 60% win ratio and then I got to Gold 3.   In Gold 3 I decided I must improve myself. And I told to myself that people blaming the jungler MAY BE RIGHT. I blamed myself for everything and started to get better and better removing all mistakes from my plays. I still do a lot of them but getting better means HARD WORK. You can't get better if you play with "meh" attitude. Things that help me to win:     Time every buff and dragon, don't be lazy     Set up taking another dragon and your/enemy buffs. Don't gank top if you know that enemy/your buff/dragon is spawning soon on bot side of the map   Carry always one green ward     Carry always pink ward when going for dragon or switch to red trinket after level 9     Ward this small bush for your mid laner, preferably pink ward (one of every two games my pink manage to stand there whole game, best investment ever)     Fight enemy jungler all the time, keep him busy     Babysit one lane, scare your opponents     You are the playmaker and decision maker - engage when you got good position to do so     Prevent your team from making dumb plays     Call people to group before taking dragon, make sure they will support you     DECISION MAKING is winning games       Now with that attitude I rushed from G3 to P5 in one week, it wasn't even hard. I got into plat in one series. I can't believe I was struggling S3 so much. Now, when I'm in platinium (which I consider new bronze, seriously: preseason gold > new season plat) I'm on my way to diamond. And I know that if I'm consistent enough and if I work hard enough I will make it.   For those who are curious about my junglers:   Amumu, Lee Sin, KhaZix (before nerf), Pantheon, Vi, Nautilus. Amumu is scary as fuck. I play him AP. You almost delete their carries before fight. Even if you die = worth. Lee Sin is the best jungler in my opinion. Easiest to take/steal objectives.
0	um?  The post itself is already mimicing the Overly Photogenic Inmate (guy) meme which itself was already mimicing another Overly Photogenic Inmate (girl) meme, so I don't see how you can possibly make any point about how girls are more ridiculous than men, or vise-versa.
1	I recently had a ranked game where afkers got really out of hand. I recently made it into Gold V. Which was my goal for the end of the season. I was ecstatic and wanted to see how much higher I could climb. Que up, get into champ select. I'm last pick and fill as adc. It's fine, but there's some talking going between a yasuo who originally said he preferred top but switched to mid when yasuo was open. Some guy lower pick than him had called mid and proceeded to throw a hissy fit when yasuo was picked and "mid" was said. Both proceed to go mid and I try to get one of them to go top. No one complies. I go top and hope things will be ok. Then at about the 3 minute mark Ahri leaves. Then Yasuo leaves. Then Soraka leaves. Then Wukong leaves. I'm alone. What am I supposed to do in this situation? The game is lost. I lose LP and time for nothing. I reported all of them but I know there is a very small chance that they will actually be punished and that infuriates me. I don't understand how I'm supposed to play and try to better myself when people refuse to communicate and try.
0	I never hear people say we should hang out soon. I'm always the one that has to make plans, and then they are cancelled on me for shitty reasons, and the best one was "I just don't really want to see you". Thank you. I don't want to see me either, but too bad I'm stuck with it all the time because no one hangs out with me. Then another one of my friends only talks to me when he wants to hang out, I cannot get him to answer me ever at any other time. Feels like shit.
0	Detroit vs NYC vs Charlotte](   Detroit and a comparable city and the biggest US city. You can see Detroit comes out on the bottom of every category. However, Charlotte and NYC could be outliers.   [Detroit vs NYC vs Charlotte vs Pheonix vs Austin vs Chicago](   Wolfram gives less detailed data as you increase the sample size, but you can see that Detroit comes out on the bottom more often than not.
0	I have to disagree, I was born in 1991. My fondest memories are of playing my SNES and watching Cartoon network as a kid. I certainly consider myself a 90's kid. Not a 90's teen which is a different kettle of fish.
1	The general populous will never become remotely skilled at this game. Your only job is to learn how to carry in literally every role. I was jungling earlier today, and I was expected to gank on mid as they were over extending, and keeping the enemy pushed back past their turret. I was blamed for not doing that gank.
1	I knew this was going to happen from the moment it was leaked that he may be joining a western team -  Piglet is good at the game because he plays the game a lot , that's it.  His scrim etiquette was always awful which is why he was almost removed from SKT before season 3 worlds  and this is because  he doesn't study . Piglet would often skip school to go play league either alone or with friends because he hates study, so what a surprise that Piglet isn't studying english very well! [My mind](   This was going to happen from the get go, Piglet has a bad attitude towards scrimming (he would often be late to scrims or miss them entirely because he stayed up late playing soloq) but remained on SKT as long as he did (despite KkOma hating his attitude) because his playmaking upside was so large. My theory is now that he is away from his friends, family and Korean soloq he is lacking anything to stabilize him like he had in Korea as well as overall a lower quality of soloq practice.   This is purely coming from a massive Piglet fanboy who has been following him for years and stalking anything related to him.
0	I live in Singapore, and I have lived here since birth and I take pride in being Singaporean.   I do not dispute the fact that Singapore has an authoritarian government: we take the label of "fine" city in our stride. If your freedom means "lawlessness" (Based on your view that "All laws are supposed to be in place against people who break laws. That's basically the logic for every authoritarian legislation ever passed."), then I do not want your freedom. Having rights and liberties do not disqualify one from acting morally and for public good, and by sheer number of laws alone I believe that the US has many times that of Singapore. Fat lot of good your freedom is.   "Facist". Totalitarian, resistive of liberal capitalism and international socialism. Well, I believe this is completely false. We have a multi-party government (albeit skewed greatly in favour of the majority party) that is FAR from being in control of every aspect of Singaporean life, in fact in all its essence I believe the US is more "facist" than Singapore. Capitalism is everything in Singapore, liberalism is on the rise, and proletariat internationalism doesn't even make sense here.   Drug offences carry a death penalty in Singapore, but torture? The use of the death penalty has already been greatly restrained in passing of judgement. After the horrific effects that opium abuse in the history of Singapore, and the deadly side effects of drug abuse (please don't bring up Marijuana, I can accept that), drug trafficking and possession can and will remain illegal and deadly punishable - even if put to a "peoples vote".   Libel against the government is punishable. We have restricted freedom of speech, expression and press, that I concede. But we as a people are working to open that up more. Citizen journalism and the Internet have greatly opened up our avenues of free speech, and while our press is still government controlled, they do advocate journalistic integrity and proper news reporting.   Mandatory military service is not unique to Singapore. Taiwan does it, South Korea does it, Israel does it, and we do it too, and for good reason. Some have likened us to being the Switzerland of SEA - but Switzerland is not surrounded by potential threats to national security. More commonly we are known as the Israel of SEA - surrounded by Muslim nations that outnumber our populations 200:1 and land by 1000+:1, not keeping a standing citizen army is simply suicidal. Diplomacy and deterrence is how we keep our nation secure, be it economic deterrence or keeping a US naval base here, or spending more money on our military than the next 3 nations in SEA combined, we do what we must to keep ourselves secure. Though many men complain about having to serve 2 years in the army, every single one of them leave with a sense of camaraderie and bond between men that keeps us together, men to men, father to son, stranger to stranger.   The US has provided the world with many things in its hegemony, but short of the technological corporations and military-industrial complex, it is losing its place as a great in the world. I'm not saying that Singapore is in any way better than the US that I believe you are from, but:
1	I think there is a misconception about what is happening here. Many people are saying they don't have a problem reconnecting.  Their internet disconnects, comes back up, and they reconnect.  Those of us who cannot reconnect appear to have a different issue that doesn't seem to stem from a bad connection.  For the past two months I have been getting the attempting to reconnect sign.  It happens randomly, some days I can play all day without it, others it will happen so many times in one game that I spend more time reconnecting than playing.   The issue is My internet connection never drops.  While I get the attempting to reconnect sign, I can be on Skype, listening to Spotify or pandora, and browsing the internet all while I try to get back into the game.  Riot has addressed this on their forums and said they believed it was largely an issue with a single ISP. The problem with that is that thousands of people from every server, with many different ISPs have been suddenly experiencing this problem when they have never had issues with playing League.  I myself have had the same ISP for two years with no problems up until the past two months, where the game is often unplayable.  So there is more going on here than just people having a bad connection.
1	Game modes are fun to speculate over, but just because the thought it fun doesn't make it a good idea. Riot has been making a great effort to expand their brand and improve the eSports scene while trying to manage balance changes and adapt to a meta created by their users. They constantly need to be working on such things to maintain credibility and further their cause. Creating all these game modes that people like to talk about is very-nearly a complete waste of time. They've done it more than once, and each time the modes lose popularity very quickly when people get over the gimmicky nature they inherently possess (or sometimes they stop playing because they realize Riot is less focused on content for extra game modes and actually doing their job).
1	I think duo-ing greatly increase your chance of winning. You get at least 2 solid players that can play decently.   I'm currently trying to get higher by playing duo as much as possible
1	I main jungler. I loved s1 jungle so when they said s3 would be a mix between s1 and s2 I was pretty excited. I found s2 boring because the most viable junglers were the tanky ones and it was hard to play anything else in ranked. In the end I find the new jungle even less fun than s2 because you merely have more farm but with the oracle's nerf, the massive warding (sightstone), the early safety (bot usually have wards early, and now top+mid can start flask+pots/ward to  have huge sustain and map awareness),  and the fact that junglers can't really start boots but the lanes still can, you can't pull off ganks easily.   They wanted to diversify the champions in the jungle but what they did is quite the opposite imo. Since you have the same farm as before but ganks are harder to pull off, you need to play something that has huge cc, can gank through wards or can towerdive and doesn't need that much gold to do its job. Exactly the same type of junglers we used before the s3 changes.
1	Hello kind sir,   Thank you for your very detailed post. Now I am going to tell you something you and many other lower tier players are going to disagree with...  You are where you belong.   Now I know this might come as a shock, but if you're "easily" holding your own against silver/gold player then over time, that is where you should be.   I myself was placed in Bronze 3 this season, "a laughable tier for someone like me" I thought. After 2 weeks of playing nearly 80 or so games I had climbed to the prestigious Gold V.   Also, your preferred system of individual LP gain is totally and utterly ridiculous, this is a team game, ever played in a team based environment? If one player messes up, you all get punished. If everyone got individual LP on KDR, players wouldn't play as a team, people would steal kills, then people would argue over stealing kills, and the flaming continues.   By the way, your presumption that Junglers and Supports cannot carry the game is false. Junglers actually have the highest potential to carry the game. You control the lanes, the buffs, the dragons, the barons, the towers AND the wards. You get to decide which lane you want to feed/camp/control.   As support you do a tremendous amount of carrying, it may not seem like it and your assumption is normal, you control the pace of the game. Vision = win as they say. The support can make clutch plays to engage or save a teammate, a support goes out with the oracles and destroys the enemies vision, the support times buffs and objectives and keeps an eye on the map to warn other teammates about the incoming ganks.
1	Yes i know that. When I play him mid i love having a blue on me. But the thing is, if I play a mana jungler i will not give it to you, unless i have some mana regen items, which is in my example nearly never the case, cause i mainly play khazix and vi, which both need some pretty decent amount of manausage tho.
0	I thought relationships were supposed to be based on trust and honesty?   This is true. However, sometimes it's necessary to be understanding of each other as well. If she understands him enough to know that he's defensive about his weight and loves him enough to overlook that character flaw, I don't see anything wrong with that. Especially if she's found that there are easier ways to get him to work on it than being confrontational.
1	I personally feel movement should mostly be based on what a champions role is designed to be.   Take Braum for example he is a big guy which in real life would usually mean he is slower, plus he is carrying a huge shield, lets compare him to a worlds strongest man competitor - when they are running with a heavy item they don't go fast they can get at best a jogging speed, but he has a ms of 335.   Now we take Ezreal he is a small guy with not much to carry, his body build and characteristics as an explorer allow you to assume he should be able to run a hell of a lot faster than braum (yes with all the belts he would slow down but lets ignore that fact), now ezreal has a base ms of 325 which is 10 slower than braum's base ms.
0	Stop trying to justify it. I'm sure you are also exaggerating about his comments. He wasn't representing his company, he was on his personal profile, so don't go trying to say you were letting his company know as if he was on their profile. Also, guess what, he has a right to his hateful opinion and words, and youre not gonna change him.
1	So many things wrong with this have already been listed, such as it being abused and leaving becoming much more common, but a big unsaid one is this: what about the other team?   Yes, it's definitely frustrating to play 4v5, but the game is still playable, and given that this could only apply to normals in the first place, it's entirely just a game. So while one person leaving might make the game less fun for the 4 people on that persons team, more people or all people leaving flat out would ruin the game for everyone. It's a matter of what's best for everyone, and slight negativity for four people is far less worse than complete abandonment of the game for everyone   The only possible way I see this being implemented in a balanced way is that after X minutes, a game wide vote could be taken about allowing people to leave freely, but even then you still have the other issues of ruining for the minority and increased leaving
1	Favorite so far is Season 4, here's why:   as a Jungle main:   I'm not playing secondary-support in the late game   Really like the vision changes   REAALLYY like the Big Wraith camp addition, balancing the farming options on ganking routes   Trinkets are great   Smaller bushes are also a change that is extremely undervalued     I really like that rather than a new champions every two weeks, we get reworks of champions who are too outdated to ever be played   For competitive play, the game is so much more fun to watch now that a team can't win the game at level 1. I remember a time when I could watch the first 5 minutes of ANY game, and then say okay "95% chance this team is going to win in 20 minutes. We want to see even teams have multiple teamfights, it's more fun to play and to watch in this setup.   I think people really take for granted a lot of the changes that have come into the game over the years:   There was nothing at all fun about top Jarvans going 3 HoG and a Philo and then being ungankable, unkillable, and guaranteed to be huge by early late game.   There was nothing fun about the other jungler getting ahead of you, buying an oracle, and dominating the map vision for the next 45 minutes (Oracle used to last forever if you didn't die)  *There was nothing fun about supports being ward bitches, trinkets are an amazing addition.
0	Fact of the matter is- it is true. With relative anonymity people don't have to save-face and who they really are comes out. Big surprise- our society is sadistic, hyper-judgmental and enjoys being dicks just for the sake of being a dick. As for mob mentality I'd prefer to twist it to a consensus in opinion, in that responsibility for what you say still remains (at least in the reddit-sphere).   In fact, I think when you look back at what the Romans used to do to prisoners and slaves it's easy to see that the internet is just a more evolved version of it. Less people die, it's not as violent and it's much more technologically advanced, but the core purpose of entertainment at someone else's expense remains.
1	Depends what you call trolling. What I read in your situation is just some guys having bad games. Some players might be losing on purpose, but that's what I would call going on tilt. Just in my view I define things differently. It's like when people blame their ranking cause of being unlucky with terrible teammates and call it "elo hell". Imo its lack of personal skill.
0	I would take her out for a nice dinner and then we would go back home and have unprotected sex while listening Electric lights orchestra. I would later find out that i accidentally got her pregnant when she calls me on the phone crying. We would both try to figure out what to do. We would both agree that she would get a secret abortion that nobody would know about, especially her parents who are fundamentalist Christians who objected to the idea of her moving to California in the first place. The abortion would be a success but she would be pretty shaken up by the whole experience. I would try to comfort her as best as I could but she would decide to go to therapy. After a few weeks of therapy she finally moves past this traumatic experience and we continue to live happy lives and never forget protection.
1	So, if I spend the 3150 on him and don't like him, I lose 3150?   3150 is a mid-point in the price range. I could buy tons of different champions for that, or a whole crap ton of runes, and that's just lost?   The point behind free week rotation is to give players a chance to play champions for FREE to try them out for a week, and therefore learn if they like them enough to go spend the IP on them. What if I trial them and I don't have enough to finish buying them afterwards? Heck why would I trial them for half their price and lose out on half way to a 6300 champ (or another rune page) if I have the IP to just buy them flat out? Every player aims to eventually own every single champion, even if they don't play them all, because you never know when you might want to learn them, and it also helps a lot for trading champions (and making ARAMs hilarious).
1	We learned a lot from doing the 2014 World Final in Seoul's World Cup stadium. In particular, while it was a landmark event for LoL esports because so many people were there, we think that indoor stadiums are more conducive to promoting energy and excitement of crowds far better than outdoor stadiums. On top of that, it's a lot easier for us to capture crowd energy on stream when it's indoors for the home audience.   For Dock Pullman specifically, we'll have around ~1500 fans each day, but all of group stages will be there, so that'll be two weeks of games (8 days).
0	Initially I was concerned about attempting to maintain whatever standards are left on Reddit, but then I decided it would be more fun to play the game.
0	Yes, but if my professor was terrible and made a preposterously difficult exam and/or didn't teach the class as well as he thought he did, I shouldn't have to suffer for this.   What should happen is students would get a refund for the tuition they paid (HAH) and have to take the class again with a better professor. But what if the same professor is the only one qualified to teach that course? And what if it takes him more two or three more tries to get it right? I have now lost about a year and a half of time when I could have been progressing in my education. The university cost me a year and a half of future income.   Ideally, professors would all be perfect in every way. I completely agree that a class average of 20% is a huge disservice to the students, but they'll get by. Personaly speaking, I'd rather move on in my degree and learn what I was missing outside of class when I need it. Lord knows we do plenty of that no matter how good our professors are.
1	So as already figured out, it does proc multiple times.   I main shyvana, and she benefits greatly from attack speed. Her q gets cooldowns per attack, her e does magic damage per attack and her ult cooldown is decreased if she autoattacks. This fact is even made more significant because her q resets the autoattack timer, and applies 2 autoattacks, so you can proc wriggles, ionic spark and wit's end at once. Therefore, on-hit effect are very nice to have on her, and so far, I get a wit's end every game. Because of the effect, ionic spark would increase her AOE even when not in ult form, and increase her overall effectiveness. On top of that, it grants some health for a little bit more tankiness.   However, shyvana gains earlygame health by buying phage, which is really a necessary item because you don't always have red buff. You don't need the health of the spark (randuins/mallet provide enough). The spark proc damage (110 magic dmg) is not really much and falls off lategame. Wit's end is a decent item too, but it is valuable all the way to absolutely lategame due to the magic resist it provides. Plus, it procs damage on every basic attack, which 1v1 would be the same or more than spark. On top of that, shyvana does not need more AOE than she already has. Jungle camps get cleared insanely fast already.   Also, you want to jump into the enemy team with your IM A DRAGON ultimate. You want more health, armour and MR to survive that. If you want to go DPS and counterjungling-style (when you are facerolling), I would get a zeal and build it into trinity force, then randuins -> atma's -> some HP item (warmogs?)
1	I find a major problem with fiddlesticks is unwilling tanks to tank.  I had one game where this Jarvan called in the pre-game lobby that he was going to tank; however, during the game he decides that instead of going in like the tank he was building he would watch us die because he was "trying not to die".  He kept going on about how I would never use my ult, but I never could because if I did it without him tanking the enemy team would just take me down instantly.  Without a good tank it is extremely difficult a decent ult where you don't get focused down in seconds.
0	Whatever happened to skepticism? Why do all of you trust a story that has no photographic evidence? Or any other real evidence otherwise? He provided a name and a hotel name and was ambiguous about the year. From the little gif stoy he told he says that they wondered who the older dude was who walked in. So he isn't even sure it was Woody in the first place. Add on it was "somewhere between 13 or 20 years ago, give or take a few years" and you could have a very fuzzy memory of a drunken party that took place after prom in a hotel.
0	I don't think what you did is a good thing, and you should feel some shame for doing it...   But I get it.   Kids can't appreciate 15 bucks like an adult can, and he's a little kid, it's not the last 15 dollars he will ever lose.   Plus, if the kid cries enough with big, wet puppy-dog eye, adults will give him money just to feel better. Hell, he could probably even come out ahead.   I wouldn't high-five you for this, but if you offered me one of the beers I would not turn it down.
1	Does anyone else have issues logging in? I can't. The same exact thing happened with the initial fantasy league release --- simply couldn't login. I put in my credentials and captcha and the page just refreshes. No login errors, the page just refreshes?
1	Allow me to bring some statistics into this.   Yasuo is picked at ~20%, he wins ~40%. Let's use these figures indicatively.   In a game, the chance that Yasuo is picked, assuming you don't pick him:     on your team: 0.2 * 4/9 = 8.8%     on enemy team: 0.2 * 5/9 = 11.2%       Assuming the 40% win rate of Yasuo is the only factor that matters:     causes you to win: 0.088   0.4 + 0.112   0.6 = 10.24%     causes you to lose: 0.088   0.6 + 0.112   0.4 = 9.76%       Then, in 100 ranked games, the impact Yasuo has on your win rate is 10.24-9.76 = 0.5 games.  In the meanwhile, you will experience ~5 unpleasant losses with Yasuo on your side.   Even if we assume Yasuo always throws hard and always causes a loss, it would only give you 2.4 extra wins per 100 ranked games, but you will experience ~9 unpleasant losses for your trouble.   Yes, it works out to be an overall numerical advantage for you, but for the frustration it causes you and everyone else in these games are hardly worth the tiny amounts of "free" wins. I see this numeric argument get thrown around a lot with regards to AFKers or ragers too. But, when you look at it, this numeric argument when considered in vacuum is rather insignificant.   Now, consider casual players who rarely play more than 1 or 2 games per day. When you want to just relax with a game when you come home from school/work, then have someone pick Yasuo on your or the opposing team, this kind of experience turns people off playing the game. I would rate having a better experience much more importantly than 1 statistical "free" win per 100 games.
0	What's really fun is JUICING a beet! I had no idea how... incredibly potent, their natural color is.
0	I disagree. Voters tend to want to vote for a winning team. In many cases the team that looks like it will lose loses voters who would rather opt out entirely than associate themselves with losing.
0	From a biological perspective; the sperm of teen males can fertilise eggs as effectively as an adults. A teen female however would face various health problems by becoming pregnant, both for herself and her child. Problems such as high blood pressure, a greater risk of preeclampsia, premature birth and low birth weight.   Obviously (assuming the sex was between two consenting teens) they should both share the blame for the risks they impose upon their baby. But a teen dad could have a baby with an adult female without any increase in health risks, whereas a role reversal can lead to health problems.
1	I was not goin to reach my goal in ranked so I am no longer stressing about going anywhere as I am stuck there for a reason.  However two week ago I went on a massive win streak and was 19-0  partially luck as I got a group of competent players every game. And started losing from time to time throughout the week. But not one was a disappointment as it was still a good team.  A streak is out of the norm because as we all know in silver you don't often get a group of players willing to play for the team.   However this week I too have seen a huge increase of rage trolling and afk it's extremely disappointing. Now what's even more interesting is I just have up on having another ranked team that is willing to work together and decided to just play norms till the reset.   I have yet to get a single team that was willing to play as a team or cooperate. Te couple wins I've had have honestly been pure luck.  And no this isn't a "oh poor me it's always my team" the other teams have had it too argument spilling into all chat nearly every game.
0	Ok then... She was cleaning the seat. If I have to sit down on public bowl (as a guy), I lather that shit up like I'm at the carwash.   I guess what OP is trying to communicate is that the bitch (contextually accurate) could have assumed OP was just cleaning the seat, but instead assumed she had a penis... because.... oh fuck I don't know. This thread is too much already.   I missed it the first time around because that jump in logic is just too unfathomable for me.
1	Mumzy. Why don't the noobs just win more games and carry out of bronze?   Because darling, they belong there. If they were good they wouldn't be in bronze. They like to say that an abundance of trolls and retards in the bottom end of the spectrum causes wild and imbalanced matches, but really its because they suck. I mean think about it. If they were good, that must mean the other team has a higher chance of getting 5 bad people and they only getting 4   But why don't you take in consideration that the other team has a good player? Isn't that a pretty arrogant assumption? Until RIot releases data on where the most toxic players propagate, how can you say confidently that anyone going into a ranked match at low elo has better than 50% chance at getting less trolls than the other team?   They're Bronze Elo Scrubs.   Oh! Thank you Mumzy! And thank you for duoing with me and helping me place in silver 1. Those bronzies are so stupid!   EDIT: I'm not bronze but played enough games to know that it's bullshit to assume being good is the only thing affecting whether you win or lose. Trolls are not afker's, afker's are not noobs, and noobs are not trolls. You deal with a lot of shit at that elo and if you lose too many game early on, it's incredibly hard to climb out, regardless of what you personally think from your Gold pedestal.
0	While it certainly sucks to have something you want (in this case, the child) taken away, the process damages a woman's body. I'm not going to destroy my body for something I don't want simply because someone else said "I want it."   On the flip side, if the mother wants the child and the father doesn't. Why must he pay child support? Both parties engaged in sex knowing the risks. She wants to raise the child she must pay for it.
0	I got my medical card in CA around my sophomore year of college. I had been smoking pot multiple times daily since sophomore year of high school, and was the douche always writing essays about legalization and donating money to the cause and such.   However, ironically as legalization is picking up so much steam, I have quit smoking and would not be surprised if I never smoke again. Got over it last June, and haven't smoked in half a year now. The time I quit aligns perfectly with when I finished college, but am unsure if it was all just a phase, or had to do with it being legal for me long enough to lose the excitement.
1	I wholeheartedly disagree.  First, because the game is balanced more around gold values of stats within the game, not IP outside of it.  Second, because some stats in this game are far more powerful than others and uniform distribution and IP pricing of runes is only going to make some runes not worth purchasing or using in the first place.   Using the  tables .  For a single point increase in HP it costs a player approximately 2.6 gold.  That's not a lot of an increase, but it's not a lot of gold either.  Let's take a look at AD then, 36 gold for a single point of AD.  For almost 14x our HP investment of we still only get a single point.  This isn't by accident, but before we stray too far from the topic let's get back to runes.   Using the data above and the current HP Quint (2050 IP for +26 HP) Riot has established that each HP quint is worth approximately 67.6 gold. (2.6 gold per point of HP, 26 points of HP in a quint, 2.6 x 26 = 67.6).  So in terms of HP, 2050 IP = 26 HP = 67.6 gold.  Again breaking this down to single point increases it comes out to be  78.84 IP = 1 HP = 2.6 Gold .  Let's see if that ratio holds up when we take a look at AD.   An AD quint provides 2.25 AD for 1050 IP.  We established earlier that for a single point increase in AD it costs 36 gold.  An AD quint is worth 81 gold, making that ratio 1050 IP = 2.25 AD = 81 Gold.   466.67 IP = 1 AD = 36 Gold .   Now there are a couple ways you could try to make the runes uniform.  First, you could make it so they give equal stat increases across the board:   > AD Quint 2.0: +26 AD.  12,133 IP (466.67 x 26).   > HP Quint: +26 HP. 2050 IP.   We can see here that While both are providing an equivalent numerical stat increase, adhering to the gold efficiency values makes the AD Quint 2.0 incredibly overpriced.  However, say you artificially adjust the price of it to be equivalent to the current HP quint:   > AD Quint 3.0: +26 AD. 2050 IP.   > HP Quint: +26 HP. 2050 IP.   Now that looks fantastic, but for what should be about 936 gold for each point of AD we're getting it all for the low low price of 158 gold.  That's a little bit too optimized and we'd see the league of AD for a long long time to come.   So let's flip it now:   > AD Quint: 2.25 AD 1050 IP   > HP Quint 2.0: 2.25 HP 117.39 IP   Now that's a low low price that's just junky, and the product does nothing. Congratulations I just sold you 1 caster minion hit.  So let's adjust the cost of the HP quint now > AD Quint: 2.25 AD 1050 IP   > HP Quint 3.0: 2.25 HP 1050 IP.   Now we're grossly overpaying for what is essentially a non-existent benefit.   You could do this same exercise with any other stat, trying to adjust their IP prices per point simply isn't going to work without heavily tweaking the gold per point values within the game itself.   Not all stats were created equal, don't attempt to treat them as if they were.
1	I got reported today :( by asshole teammates. our team was lacking CC, tankyness and a jungler  so i took chogath. At the last second some guy picks renekton and asks me if im jungling, I say yes than he calls me noob and takes smite. In my confusion i think ok ill just go solo top than, so i buy dorans ring. than renekton goes bottom lane with nocturne saying he's not going jungling. So i go into the jungle play normaly look for ganks, but all lanes are overextended. Shaco ganks them and thy die ofc its my fault. Middle is pushing like crazy and almost dieing to xerath, top was doing prety well but riven was too hard to gank (4x dash + stun). Than renekton and bomberman (ziggs-mid) start insulting me more and renekton starts taking my jungle, so i replace him on lane. me and noc get dived and killed by fed bottom lane ofc my fault ( fiddle ultied us from the other side of the wall ). we /ff at 20 minutes and they reported me for assisting the enemy team...
0	My mother divorced my Dad, drugged me up after being diagnosed with ADHD. After she couldn't handle me she sent me to live with my father.   Oh she divorced him because he hit her. So yay, great things coming my way.   Dad beats me with a belt at least twice a week. Several times to the point where I couldn't sit down. If you haven't been spanked till your ass is completely bruised... Yeah. Torture is a more relevant term.   So my Mom finds out about this after a few years and takes me back one Christmas. Oh, guess what? I'M A RAGING PSYCHOPATH NOW! I don't have the adhd symptoms, but I like to hurt people. I'm also weird as fuck because I attended a Christian school.   Mom can't handle me, go figure, and sends me BACK to live with my Dad. It's like... as long as she doesn't have to see it it's ok.   Same old shit happens except this time my Dad takes the extra step to homeschool me. So I get extra quality time with this asshole. Oh and now he has me working as a roofer for $2.50 an hour. In mother fucking FLORIDA. Try heat index of 140 on the roof in summer.   So beatings happen, I'm getting brainwashed into Christianity like you wouldn't believe.   Somehow I end up back with my Mom. My brain is fucked for this whole period of my life so I don't remember why. After about two months I put my younger brother in the hospital with a bat.   Yup. Back to live with Dad. He finally throws me out while I'm trying to finish high school. Move back home with my Mom at the threat of being homeless and join the military.   The ARMY undid a lot of the damage, and grew me up fast. I wrote off the half of my family that knew what was going on with my Dad. I still love my Mom.
1	Just because she is slightly more mobile than those adcs doesn´t mean she is better. Also, twitch is a bad comparison since you can sometimes get out of sticky situations with his stealth.   Kogmaw is indeed less mobile but his range is so much longer and he does so much more dmg than mf with his w and has an ult that is really good poke/siege. Varus has longer range than mf and has a snare that can potentially hit an entire team and he has like poke that is 300x better than mfs poke. Jinx has a lot of range with her rockets plus some aoe and with her minigun she has a enormous attack speed steroid which means she outdamages mf. Twitch´s ult just out classes mfs ult by unmeasurable proportions it can crit and twitch can move while ulting unlike mf.
0	Yeah, I get the gist of what youre saying.  Do you?   >[because most vegans are vegans for ethical reasons...Most seem to assume that one would only be vegan for ethical reasons   Do you see the fallacy here?  I understand the tendency for this to occur, but that doesnt make it valid.   Because most people like chocolate, I could assume that everyone likes chocolate.  I would be wrong.  I can defend it however I want, but is simply and provably false.  I can say that you got the gist of what i meant, but what I said is still wrong.   I realize that the " most ...assume that one would only be vegan for ethical reasons" was my statement originally, and now youre in the position of defending a statement that you didnt even make in the first place.   Honestly, I'm confused about what youre arguing for.
0	If you are pursuing just the logic of this statement you are absolutely 100% true. But I think you are missing the point of the morality of this statement. If you are fighting for equality, wouldn't you want establish at least 50% of your own economic security? I think it's a bit immoral to completely rely on another individual for support and think that, that is ok.   Also, look at the double-standard of the situation: A man that works for men's rights, all while having a rich woman support him, undermines his morality.
1	Not a "new meta" by any means but a silly thing I did with friends last night that ended up working out:   So a premade game with 4, and one pickup player.  Pickup wanted mid, but so did one of ours.  They couldn't compromise so somehow we ended up with 2 mid, 2 bot, and me as jungle.   Our 2 mids, [nid and lux] end up putting the hurt on the enemy so bad that the guy with a free farm top ends up having to come down and help his buddy out for a while every now and again.   Bot lane is going as it does, ebbing and flowing back and forth and generally being uneventful.  Enemy top is back in his lane and decides "hey, I'm alone up here I can take this tower" which ends up being a terrible move as I proceed to gank him 2 or 3 times before he gets the message.   Eventually our bottom tower gets taken and teamfight phase begins.  At this point things more or less return to "normal" and the game goes on as would be expected. We're down kills, but have maintained dragon control and are catching up on objectives.  Somehow, our top tower is still standing after both teams' bottom and mid towers have been taken.   A couple good teamfights and a baron later, and we're taking inhibs and the game is over soon after.   Definitely unconventional, but it somehow worked out for the best.
0	TO put it simply, when a government (or company for that matter) borrows money, it's to pay a bill that it already incurred.  Most transactions occur on credit, so they don't need to pay for a while.   So not raising the debt ceiling doesn't prevent them from spending more money, it prevents them from paying people they owe money to.   This now has a disastrous effect on the entire world.  The U.S. treasury has now defaulted on all it's outstanding debt (meaning, they can't pay their bills).  The effect on the US is fairly obvious.  But now the value of all US back securities/debt/notes/currency that other countries hold are now severely impaired.   To simplify that point: China owns (a made up number) $1 trillion in US debt.  It is now worth <$500 billion.  That means they are no longer worth as much any more, and they may risk defaulting on their debt.   And so on and so on.
1	OP really wants a 10 second
1	Farming is rarely a problem in low MMR. That's just what people assume, because they can't see that what's really holding them back is very poor decision making and understanding of the game; nobody really wants to think they consistently make  terrible  decisions and read situations totally wrong, take the wrong action, go to the wrong spot, etc. You need almost nothing in the way of mechanics to get out of that range IMO, just to actually think about what's going on all throughout the map and play according to that, as opposed to tunneling on - well, anything.
1	To be honest, I have a lot of problems against Tryndamere, hence I always ban him in SoloQ. The reason is you have to send 3 people EVERY TIME to top lane if he gets one kill, even if he gets 1/12, you have to send 3 people because he will just farm like a retard and never leave lane while his team is clever enough not to engage. You would then have to send at least 2 people to him making it a 4v3 in the enemies' advantage.
0	Your opinions are not bad, just ignorant and misinformed. Keep studying and stay in school and learn stuff so you can form better opinions later.   Just remember that true wisdom is the knowledge of knowing that you know nothing. Once you admit to your ignorance and misinformation, you gain wisdom and start learning things to discover the truth.
1	Dear Riot... The gates are stupid. sure you added a defense to the enemy teams and added a new pathing... and such and defense measures.. but you also added at the same time added one of the biggest Cheese things ever... with the fact that you can enter and exit both sides provides unfair for the team say if you're sieging and catch someone who got caught out... they run through there and easily get away... It's nice but unneeded. Sure you want to change the game up... but don't give them a free pass through so when they get caught out it's fine...
0	Well apparently my girlfriends likes to make out sometimes without going all the way. It always results in me becoming horny, and trying to take it to the next level, and sometimes she then would say she is not in the mood. However since I have told her that, I know when she does it, she actually wants me to fuck her brains out.
1	Back story:     Monte and Thorin are up to their normal cunty rude shenanigans during their show and say some rude things about Dig team   Odee flips out in Twitch chat trying to defend his team and calls Thorin, Monte, and Patoy cunts.   Odee rightly gets fined $1000 for losing his cool (hes lucky that's all it was), as he has been known to do in the past.   Monte continues to act like a smug prick and makes another snarky comment on twitter because Dig got destroyed today.
1	With the level 1 ward totem (pre level 9) you can place a  60  second ward every  120  seconds, so a maximum of 1 ward placed at any time. You get  no vision from your trinket 50% of the time  (the time between your ward timing out and trinket coming off cooldown)   With the level 2 ward totem (level 9+) you can place a  120  second ward every  120  seconds, so a maximum of 2 wards placed which can be maintained 100% of the time (if you ward immediately when your trinket comes off cooldown). Not bad right?   Wrong. Level 3, the big daddy. With the level 3 ward totem (250g) can place place a  180  second ward (a real 75g ward for FREE) every  60  seconds (SIXTY, half the cooldown of the other totems!), so a maximum of 3 wards placed which can be maintained 100% of the time. EVEN IF you don't ward immediately when the trinket comes off cooldown, thanks to the charges. If you ward once a minute,  it is gold efficient after 3 and a half minutes , or 4 wards.
0	I am a Microsoft Partner, I have an Action Pack, I have lots of various hardware and am thoroughly familiar with all recent Windows versions. Not to one-up you, but just for context.   I  loathe  windows 8(.1) on regular computers. My dad has a Surface (RT) which is a nice tablet and for which W8 is nice (so I do know it can work well on some machines), but it's complete bullshit on desktops.   Basically, the UI is shit. There are some minor improvements (the file copy dialog and the task manager, for example) but the whole "Metro" thing is complete shit.   The way I use the start menu the most is buy pressing the windows key and typing (which searches). That functionality is much worse in Windows 8(.1) than in 7. It's just completely horrible. The way it obscures my complete desktop is crap. The way I could use a menu-style thing for Administrative Tools and for Control Panel is no longer possible. The defaults are crap (important if you sysadmin lots of machines), gone are useful things like "control panel", "devices and printers", "computer", etc, and instead we have Metro apps for "travel", "stocks", "weather" and completely useless shit.   There is absolutely no scenario in which a full-screen metro app is useful on a desktop pc compared to a reasonably-sized (or even just resizable) regular program. And yet, that's what your default start menu is filled with.   I know all about the microsoft accounts. I have Skydrive on my Win7 machines, which are perfectly capable of syncing files between my Win7 computers, without the need for Win8. Yes, they can sync my Metro app settings, or which Metro apps I bought (zero) but that's completely useless.   If I had a laptop with a touchscreen, I'd still prefer to use my whole screen efficiently, instead of the full-screen metro apps that only make sense on a 7-10 inch tablet.   "Touch" doesn't sell windows 8.  Being a tablet  sells Windows 8. If I have a touchscreen, but also a keyboard and mouse, it's still shit. And if I didn't have a keyboard/mouse, I wouldn't be able to use that machine for which I use my computer (desktop or laptop). For example, can you imagine how long and tedious a process it would have been to type this long comment using a touchscreen?   Sorry for the long rant.   Also, there's the learning curve. For office employees whose time costs money, or for people who don't "play around" with computers as a hobby, why would you want them to relearn basic things like finding programs on your computer, if there's no added benefit to a new system over e.g. Windows 7? If Windows 7 does all you want your machine to do, and does it just as good (if not better) than Windows 8, then leave it the fuck alone. Upgrading just for the sake of having the latest thing does not make sense in the business world.
1	Bot AI is stupid. It's easy to manipulate it such that you constantly harass them in lane without taking any hits. Then you build up a lead against a 0-3-0 cass so even if she lands "perfect skillshots", you kill her first.
1	It's just a basic problem here which occurs at a lot of these suggestions: The system is abuseable. At first, the person whom went AFK should not receive this decrease of LP loss. But even if this is executed correctly than there will be a second problem. Just imagine the scene where a duo is behind in a game, and one of them decides to leave to make sure his friend's LP is reduced less. It would give a reason to AFK for some people. (On the other hand, people might stop AFKing because they don't want their teammates to gain decreased LP loss because they think they lost them the game >_>)
1	The reason is that for me incompetence and incompetent play isn't fun.   Do I enjoy going 17/3/31 as Irelia? Yes, yes I do. Do I then enjoy losing that game because my team gets overzealous and one by one runs into all 5 of the enemies, leaving me along to defend the base at minute 40?  No, no I do not.   This was a legitimate game I had.  I snowballed so hard and then used my advantage to get my other, losing, lanes advantage.  We were up by 15 kills, 3 towers and had Baron buff over the enemy.  One overzealous, and crap, jungler lost us the game by running into a 5v1, then others trying to save him.   My fun comes from winning, it comes from having my good play rewarded.  It does not come from playing well and then losing so that I then have to deal with similarly skilled teammates as I had before.
1	Catholics consider suicide to be a sin because you are tampering with god's creation, along with quite a few other major religions.
0	I live in Belgium (if you have a couple hours to burn, look up our political history, it's too complicated to get into here), and a multi party system isn't all it's cracked up to be. It implies two or more parties will have to compromise to come to a governing agreement. So, they cut part of their program to get to an agreement, then in effect they can only get part of that turned into legislation. So whichever party you vote for will only execute a small part of their program. Also, if you then decide to switch parties, it doesn't really matter. The three largest usually form a coalition anyway, so either you're validating the current coalition (even though you switch parties), or you're voting for a party that's too small to weigh on policy. I would welcome a two party system, so your vote sends a clear message: I think this guy is better than than guy. Anything more complicated than that, and politicians will find a way to spin it so it suits their story.
0	every comment i make pertaining to my major in college on this site gets downvoted and responded to with people telling me to go watch the youtube channels they got their information from. the same art that got me accepted into emily carr university cant get more than 20 followers on tumblr. dont take the internet personally. you, your expressions matter even if they get down voted. whats important is perseverance and not giving a shit about peoples opinions unless theyre constructive in helping you better your posts or whatever it is youre trying to accomplish. none of this matters get curious about something and dont try to find acceptance anywhere but where your passions lay and even then fuck em if they dont care what matters is that you care.
0	I too, work for a large company that has a large amount of in house software.
0	THIS  I don't care the people defending HR further down. You can have the best relationship with HR in the world until you step on the wrong toe, then they turn on you like feral hounds. HR IS NOT YOUR FRIEND.   Personal experience: 2010: I used to work at one of the first Credit Unions in the USA, and had an excellent interview with HR. 2 months into the job, I went to my boss to tell him my National Guard unit was gearing up for deployment to Iraq. I did not have orders at that time, and was just giving a courtesy heads up.  Several days later, I am pulled into HR where the woman who hired me is furious, and flatly states that I lied during the employment process when she asked if I was deploying in the future (I had said 'not that I am aware of'), and that after this meeting she will look into my future with the company and get back to me on monday. I was largely silent during this, as I was confused by her adamancy towards my wrong-doing.   A week later, I am performing a network drive scan to delete unneeded files, as employees are complaining of a full network drive (weekly issue, because disk space is expensive for a bank. Or something.) I find a document with my name on a networked folder on this drive, and open it in curiosity. It is the write up of HR's meeting with me, and details that afterwards the woman spoke with the law firm that represents this company to discuss my termination. They advised her to back the fuck off and never mention it again.   Naturally I did not hear back from her on Monday. A month goes by, and at this time I have completed creating the procedure manual for my position (new position), have numerous customer and employee positive surveys, have worked at least 10 minutes before and after 90% of my shifts (encouraged), never been late - but am given a negative performance review for my 90 day initial review. My boss states that he wanted to give positive, but HR insisted it be negative due to a minor server outage I caused during my third week at the company. At this point, I informed my boss about the contentious meeting I had with HR. He states he will look into it. I then, against my better judgement, mentioned the file I had found. I did not provide a copy of this file.   The next day, after morning operations are completed, I am escorted from the building and provided my belongings, and terminated. I am accused of violating company policy by unauthorized network access. The company tries to deny my unemployment, but I successfully defeat them through arbitration as there is no actual policy against this, and I was under the understanding that cleaning network drives was part of my job.   I never pursued USERRA action against the company, and felt ok about that until I learned this woman was made director of HR for the credit union.
1	The jungler is not a "bitch", the jungler is the game changer.   Many of the top players agree that playing a jungler  is the best way to raise your solo queue ELO. In a premade, your team will defend you at level 1 without a second thought, making it even easier.   You can help top, mid, and bottom, steal buffs, get dragon, and do awesome ganks. Instead of playing a weak late-game character like Nunu, try someone like Olaf. He is strong all game and can 1v1 almost any other jungler (except trundle) and his axe is a big fuck you to squishes. When you have blue and red, and you learn to PICK UP YOUR AXE after you throw it, your ganks will be incredible due to the high dps from repeated axe throws. Get wriggles, mercs, then tank items and you're good to go. R>Q>E>W with one point in W at level 2 for the 1% max health lifesteal.
1	The fix that you're asking to be done on Targon's (reset the timer if you attack) pretty much means that during the majority of your lane phase, you would never be able to benefit from it.  It's just like Ashe's passive.  You'll never gain critical strike chance because the effect simply resets the stack timer every time you attack, which you normally would be doing while CSing and trading.   In lane, you last hit.  There's 6 minions per wave plus the additional cannon minion on every second wave.  With both teams trying to get CS and trade you're pretty much always attacking.  If you ask for the timer to be reset upon every attack, you would absolutely never get a stack unless you roam or base.  It's absolutely the stupidest idea you could ask for to "fix" this item.
1	The best tip is just to make sure you don't take it too seriously. It's a game that will make you want to tear your hair out at some points. If you can, play it with friends, and make sure you keep up a casual attitude.   Oh, and a good amount of the community will give you shit for being new, not understanding what's up. Play a few bot games, and make sure you know what's up. Getting a feel for each champion, and what they can do, is the most key part of the game.
0	internet couch lawyer here" If you go to the meeting because you are a alcoholic. Then he fired you because of it. Then yes you have been discriminated against. Handicap is one of the federal protected groups that can not be legally discriminated against with out facing a lawsuit you can't win as an employer. You fire on performance never cause he was drunk at work. If you fire because he's a drunk you are required to put your employee through rehab at the employers expense.
1	So as always Fnatic fucked up somehow at a lead. xPeke giving away free towers and then getting caught... Now, time to for some hypothetical situations. For Fnatic and OMG who lost today to get a shot at 2nd place and catch LMQ, this would have to happen. (I'm leaving Blue out of this because we can all agree they will get 1st)   Current Standings Standings OMG 0-2 Fnatic 0-1 LMQ 2-0 Head to Heads: OMG Fnatic 0-0 LMQ 0-1 Blue 0-1 Fnatic OMG 0-0 LMQ 0-1 Blue 0-0 LMQ Fnatic 1-0 OMG 0-1 Blue 0-0   This would tie it up for Fnatic and OMG:   LMQ would have to lose the rematches to Fnatic and OMG. They will all probably lose both games to OMG. Finally Fnatic and OMG would have to tie it up.   Standings Standings OMG 2-4 Fnatic 2-4 LMQ 2-4 Head to Heads: OMG Fnatic 1-1 LMQ 1-1 Blue 0-2 Fnatic OMG 1-1 LMQ 1-1 Blue 0-2 LMQ Fnatic 1-1 OMG 1-1 Blue 0-2   No 3 way tie and a clear 2nd seed: Now for OMG or Fnatic to go ahead and not make it a 3 way tie, they'd have to 2-0 the other.   Standings OMG 1-5 Fnatic 3-5 LMQ 2-4   Head to Heads: OMG Fnatic 0-2 LMQ 1-1 Blue 0-2 Fnatic OMG 2-0 LMQ 1-1 Blue 0-2 LMQ Fnatic 1-1 OMG 1-1 Blue 0-2
1	dude the community used to have a lot of people trying stuff then the community etablished a meta game based on all these experiment and fotm this meta is the most optimal and it offer plenty of different strat while staying inside the meta game.   People try everyday to break the meta and they fail cause the meta is strong and thats all there is to it.   your friend play solo top taric.. well INDEED HE PICKED A SUPPORT but he went top with him.   and w/e you can say taric isnt optimal top   it work he can win lane... But any support win a 1v1 lane tbh they give good gankign opportunity are hsrd to kill/gank and can farm pretty good... and even sometime can win 1v1   but the thing is that they do not scale with item /level aswell as other champion that are prefered top...   you fail to realize this game is 2 year old and the meta is the meta for a reason and your being the arrogant one claiming that we suck cause we stick to a meta we worked to establish by trying stuff   not ahvign all your timer down in lol is ok while not optimal its not as devastating as in starcraft where timing is 50% of everything you ened to know to be good even more...people in sc know theyre timing perfectly cause they need to. We do not need to know the timer of every single ward/creep/creepwave gold i shud have at x minute thus timing my b... it make you better to be able to time everythign while figthing someone else 100% of the time for creep or lane dominance...but tbh if your able to do that your pretty pro..   timer check shoudl eb separated among the team...and everybody shud know averager godl you shud have at x minute and creep wave timing other then that...
1	To everyone against atma's bonus damage being displayed in game,   are you also against the charpane showing total AP or AD?  i mean, it's "simple math" to add up all your item's bonus AP/AD, add it to your base, add in your runes and masteries, and add in your ap/ad per level for your character.   and, you shouldn't need to see how much gold you've gained, either, right?  it's "simple math" to add in the gold from last hits and turrets and baron/dragon and champion kills.
1	I have to say I really enjoy the inflection you add to certain key words in your casting. You remind me a lot of old SC:BW casters who were so skilled at pointing out the IMPORTANT parts of fights (marine micro, stutter stepping, and baneling spacing for example). I will say though, that the biggest impact a caster can have on a game is that he presents what feels like a "higher knowledge" of what's going on. What I mean by that is that when you listen to REALLY good casters, it sounds like someone who is ABOVE the players in their understanding of the game is telling you word for word what is going on. Good League casters for this IMO are Jatt, Quicksh0t, and Monty. I think a big part of this comes from being so detached from the game as far as being a player of it. What I mean in total is that when you present plays and moments, you have to do it in a way where you don't sound like a player telling a player what is happening. For example, something common like "Flash Q" that players say to each other should be reworded to "Flash into Death Sentence" (or if you are credible enough with it, "Flash Sentence"; credible enough as in Not Phreak).
1	I just start using him in the jungle. First ranked game 10 minutes ago. The whole team had a very weak start, specially top since Lee Sin camped Vlad and Riven tend to snowball.  Atm I was 6, team was 4/10 loosing turrets. So I basically ganked Vlad a few times and hoped for the rest of the team to farm as much as we could, since early Lee Sin game was flawless about ganks and taking my camps. They warded our jungle, so I bought oracles, dewarded our jungle and let my team farm a little more before tfs'.  While my teammates tried to farm under Lee Sin's pressure, I tried to farm myself up as much as I could, shutdowning Riven and finally taking Lee Sin in my jungle to get insta-slained.
1	1) Don't get pissy because other people bring up relevant references (martial arts movie is a valid reference), more people WANT Riot to rip stuff off (generally with permission) such as in the case of the ever-requested Bio-Shock Annie, complete with Big daddy Tibbers.   2) Wow. A company that wants money, never seen that before. People need to be paid, and that money has to come from somewhere, just because it works in one area doesn't mean it can work in others (WoW subscription for LoL anyone?). If the only reason you have for them being a "moneywhore" is that they let you buy stuff for real money as well as in game, and that you can buy cosmetics for only real game money, then you really need to rethink your argument...   3) What if I were to tell you that you can also get everything bar skins (unless using SIU) for free in LoL? Yes, it's true. That's what I've done, and even then, you get 400rp free, and that is enough to buy some skins (on special) or even champions! On top of this, in certain countries you can get that card thing to get - wait for it - free RP! (t's and c's apply).   4) What if someone were to tell you that  THEY ARE BASED OFF OF FREAKING MYTHOLOGY, (AS ARE MOST/ALL OF SMITES GODS) AND SO THEY COME FROM SIMILAR SOURCES , if you even bothered to research before raging at the apparent copy pasta, you'd realise that ["The community's been asking for a dragon champion for some time"]( so it's not a sudden thing...   edit: 5)   > [Ao is the family name of the mythological dragon kings](   > [Shin can mean many things, one of which is prosperity. It also means a rising storm](
1	ok so, youre making mistakes if you cant raise rating, you just cant see what they are   thinkabout the game. take a break from playing so things that are habit become things that you can question. question everything. dont take other peoples advice automatically. if a better player than you does something, they have a reason. find out the reasons, dont copy their actions.   when you can make your own decisions based on correct reasoning, you become good.   it takes time. taking breaks from the game (3-7 days) can be helpful. staying relaxed is key. dont take losses personally.   in the end, some people will just be better/smarter than you at this game. try and work harder than them, and out-think all the people who are worse or the same as you.
1	Wukong can become really tanky without the need of stacking armor and magic resistance. With his passive and masteries alone you can get around 140 armor and 110 mr by the passive and masteries alone. So what you want to focus on is building things that gives armor penetration like black cleaver and last whisperer, but a tank item that is very useful is is randuins.  With randuins activated you will slow enemies inside your ultimate so you can succesfully hit with your ultimate 100% on the priority target.  If you need magic resistance then Banshee's veil would be good, it helps you get into a fight without getting knocked away, slowed or being stunned.
0	Story time:   One year for Christmas, when I was about 16,  my mother set out out a basket shaped much like you would imagine a treasure chest to look like. It sat out under the tree for at least three weeks before Christmas Eve, when we open our presents. This mystery package had no name on it. My brothers and I all hoped it was for ourselves but we had no way of knowing. It finally came time to open present but she still wouldn't tell us who it was for until after all of the other presents. Finally, the time came, all the presents had been opened excepted for the mysterious locked treasure chest. My mom announces it was for me and hand me the key! I could see the jealousy in both my brothers eyes and this point I was just happy that the mystery gift was mine. I fumbled around unlocking the paddle lock to find 100 pairs of fresh white shin high socks, straight out of the package.  It was by far the best gift I have ever received. I didn't wear a used sock for 100 days and I felt like a king.
0	American law as follows: Arrest is one option of formally bringing a charge against a person. A uniform ticket is another. Most state's traffic tickets- if you look at the ticket it says "date of arrest" on it yet people are not taken to jail for running red lights ( can be though) there are plenty of criminal offenses which have the option to be "cite and release" too. An arrest is based on probable cause "51%".   The over simplified version is "are there enough facts to believe that the Defendant could have commited this crime, true or false?" If true, arrest.  If  false -release from custody.   An arrest is not a conviction. Conviction is found guilty beyond a reasonable doubt (think 95% sure the Defendant did it.) in any cases the officer is the key decision for the prosecution. And can drop the charge even before it get to court. Plea bargain, pre trial diversion programs and reduced sentences can all hinge on the officer's words. We have a job to do. And if you make that easier (even if it sucks for you short term) we are more likely to help you as much as we can.
0	OH MY GOD, I have an amazing story for this one.   So my coworker was on the phone with some tech support line. They're reading out some product key, and I overhear the best thing ever.  I thought I heard him (guy on the other end) say 'q for cucumber' so we both kinda looked at each other questioningly, and he starts giggling, and asks him 'really, q for cucumber?'  Replied with: 'yes, q as in cucumber.'
1	You are playing Leona support seemingly the majority of your games. I advise never to play Leona unless you are completely confident in your ability and the ability of your AD. Unless you are relatively proficient with Leona, you rely too much on your AD to follow up and at this depth of the Leagues, it's typically not wise. Now I'm not saying your trash leona, but you don't seem to be up to the level of proficiency with leona that you need to be in solo queue for you to make it work. I learned that leona w/o coordination for me is a bad matchup I just can't do it in solo queue I don't play her well enough to warrant picking her.   If you want to continue playing support try supports that can set stuff up for your allies but also not have to go all in to create opportunities. Nami for instance is my favorite support her kit lends herself extremely well to not only set up kills, but also provides sustain with her Heal that can bounce to enemies and do damage as well as bounce from ally>enemy>ally for more healing. She also possesses an extremely underated disengage kit with her Passive+ Bubble+Ultimate. The hardest part with Nami is landing her Q but if you do miss a Q typically it isn't the end of the world with decent positioning.   I'm by no means a pro or even remotely great, just your average Gold I/promo for Plat player. If you are on the NA server, you can message me your summoner name and I'd be glad to do some normals with you and we might be able to learn off each other if not you might learn a few things. I personally was an ADC at heart love the role, but due to last pick being where I landed most games in my early ranked attempts I've picked up support and love it. Playing an adc prior also gave me an appreciation and a better understanding in playing the support roles.   So just message me if you'd like to play normals sometime to work on mechanics together.
0	Look into the non-pill options. I recently got an IUD and I'm thrilled about it. Mildly painful to get, crampy for a week, and then bam, no more worries for 5 years. I even got the hormonal one that lightens your period (talked with the doctor, the hormonal levels in your brain do not change detectably) and it has been great. You might have to hunt a bit to find a doctor to help you if you haven't had a kid before. There is a higher risk of expulsion so they can be hesitant to do it.
0	This sentiment gets posted a lot, so let's present it in a different fashion.   There was a time not many decades ago when women were generally not a part of the workforce. Men were the breadwinners, and women generally finished high school and immediately started on the hunt for a husband to take care of them. Women typically didn't have much of an income, if any, and this would make it rather ridiculous for a woman to ask a man on a date -- she would essentially be asking "would you like to buy me dinner?" And so it was cultural convention, largely by necessity, for men to do the asking, as they would also be the ones doing the paying (and when it came to marriage, the man would do the proposing for similar reasons).   We no longer live in that era. Sure, pay rates are not equivalent yet, but women are well-integrated into the workforce and the previous financial dynamics of dating no longer apply. Clinging to the idea that men are "supposed to" do the asking is really just clinging to an antiquated tradition without remembering why.   So forget shyness. Men and women can both ask one another out because  this isn't the fucking 1950s.
0	I am sorry, but you are simply incorrect.  Lets compare say, a higher-end 15 inch laptop, it is what I have and i think it is the most versatile for a laptop that would be a primary computing device for example, in college.   lets compare these two   the Macbook pro base price without the retina display is  $1,799.00  *(mac's cheapest 15 inch, if you want that flashy glossy retina display, its gonna run you 2,199)     processor: 2.3GHz Quad-core Intel Core i7,   graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GT 650M with 512MB GDDR5 memory   4gb ram   500GB Serial ATA Drive @ 5400 rpm HDD   1,440-by-900-pixel LED-backlit, glossy display   And that is all the specs we can learn about this from apple's website.       Source: (   the Lenovo highest end 15 inch laptop is the W series, its base price is  $1,231.12     Intel Core i7-3630QM Processor (6M Cache, up to 3.40 GHz)  (it is technically faster than mac's by 1.1GHz)   NVIDIA Quadro K1000M Graphics with  2GB  DDR3 Memory  (that is much more powerful than mac's)   8GB ram  (yep double mac's, you can get this in your macbook, but its going to run you an extra $100)   320GB Hard Disk Drive, 7200rpm  (this has less space than the standard mac, but it can be upraded to 500GB for only $40, also these have an extra 1800rpms so they are faster)   15.6" HD+ (1600 x 900) LED Backlit AntiGlare Display, Mobile Broadband Ready  (you can upgrady your macbook to an "anti-glare display" for an extra $100, but the mac is already expensive enough at over $500 more)     Source:
0	My old school introduced iPad 2s, and since it has done my sister's grades have dropped dramatically (she goes to that school). I've visited classes where the teacher has asked the pupils to write something down, and you can clearly see they're just playing games.   The textbook idea was a good one - but, at least for my school, it never worked. They couldn't get digital copies the books they needed, and they couldn't get copyright to scan them into a digital form either. As a result, the kids are carrying all their books as well as an iPad. There aren't even lockers for their books anymore, because the school assumed they would no longer be needed.   But that's not the worst part of it - what annoys me is how it segregates the class. The iPads have to be rented through the school. It costs £529 for three years - about £300 more than buying a brand new one. Naturally, there are families that can't afford that, especially when they have more than one child in the school. So you end up with a class in which just one child doesn't have an iPad. Children are cruel, so you don't need to use much imagination to realise these children are going to be bullied for it.   Finally, our school got a lot of publicity when they were first introduced for being one of the first in the UK to introduce the iPads into the classroom. That marks out any child in that particular uniform as carrying a very expensive piece of tech, and that it in itself seems very dangerous.   It's been a total disaster, but the headmistress refuses to admit and so grades will just continue to drop.
0	It sounds like this was a Caesarian. Pooping is more likely to occur during vaginal birth. My wife had two c-sections and threw up during the first from the anesthetic.   Cute story though, the doctor pulled my son's head out as I'm looking over the cloth barrier and all you see is wife's belly with this tiny head sticking straight up out of it and then he let out this little sneeze onto the doctor's hand. This was one of the most amazing, relieving and happy moments of my life.
1	I think people are misunderstanding about the Traditional Skins. First, they are not the old skins. They were made similar to the old skins but NOT really the all ones (this means Riot spent their money to make them). Secondary, I think the Traditional Skins were made to sell to players, the diffirent look might be a reason, because new players in the future won't recognize them they will likely buy those traditional skin because of the diffirent looks (I'm looking at you Traditional Leesin).
0	Unfortunately, some doctors consider STDs or pregnancy first and don't look anything beyond that. I completely understand ruling out things like etopic pregnancy because it is so dangerous, but some doctors do not see beyond that. My sister was in the er for pain and the doctor lied and told my parents she was pregnant (she was a teenager). My sister wasn't sexually active. The doctor insisted. My sister would not relent. It delayed her treatment for a while because she was fighting with the doctor instead of running more tests. Turns out, she had a kidney infection and all of a sudden, guess what, the pregnancy test was negative.   Forget the fact he should never have said she was pregnant with my parents in the room because it violates her privacy and by law, he is not supposed to. She had known kidney issues. As a young child she was diagnosed with bilateral reflux of the bladder and kidneys and require reconstructive surgery on her uterus and bladder. She gets UTIs, kidney stones, and kidney infections often. The doctor wouldn't hear it. All the signs were there and he still wouldn't listen.
1	That's not only dumb but would destroy TSM's fan base. TheOddOne is part of the original TSM line up and has been a core essentail part of the team. Nyjackys just trolling and probably laughing at this thread because of viewers like you who actually post this.   OddOne's playstyle is go in balls deep and follow Regi while WT and Xpecial clean up. When that man gets Karthus expect the KDA to be low but the kill count to soar.
1	I don't think that was what he said. In Battle.net (Diablo 2), there are some many hackers that use some methods to dupe items. Some of those that find these methods use it for their own purposes, but others actually post these methods on the forums to make Blizzard take measures against it and fix these bugs.   I think, Riot's policy is like this: They don't want any cheats or hacks in this game but IF someone somehow figures out that there is a way to hack (e.g. maphack), they would first blame themselves for poor coding and giving the possibility to do this. They would fix it and not ban those that took advantage of this.   An example I can give from Diablo2 is as follows: There was a hack that could make the server you're on crash, so you could, for instance, try and build an item by inserting 3 extremely valuable runes and if this item turns out to have poor stats, you would make the server crash and your inventory would be resetted, giving you the opportunity to insert these 3 runes again. This method was posted on forums and everyone made use of it, making it completely unplayable for that duration because the servers would crash every 5 minutes. If it wasn't for huge server lags and masses of posts on the blizzard forums, no one would have taken measures against it because Blizzard has long forgotten Diablo 2. So better have the hackers find out bugs, make it public and exploit it for a week to a great extent than having a bunch of people make use of it secretly when no one knows about it.
0	You're absolutely right.  You do get to decide what you do with your body.  Good and bad.   When people offer whatever advice they think is worth sharing,  it can  come from desire to help someone they care about, but... here's my theory:   I think people who give this kind of advice are actually scared by the fact they recognise elements of their own behaviour in you (ex. not exercising enough, having an unhealthy relationship with food, etc).  I think they see they are not that different from you and could easily find themselves in your shoes if they altered their life a bit here and there.   By offering advice, I think these people are trying to reassure themselves they will not "suffer the same fate" you have, because they can draw an arbitrary line between your experience and their own.   The bitter conclusion here, though, is that the person offering you advice finds your situation unsettling, possibly even scary...and maybe that says more than whatever advice they might be giving.
0	That's pretty condescending.  Unless you are over-analyzing a trivial amount of excess weight, there is no chance that the person carrying it is comfortably unaware of the problem.  I have been both fat and thin, and I can tell you that when you are living with a problem that needs correcting, you feel it every moment you are awake and sober.  Depending on the severity, it is accompanied by severe social anxiety, shame, depression, and disgrace due to the nagging idea that everyone you know is unsettled by your mere appearance, notwithstanding the constellation of psychical aches and incapacities that arise.  When your chest hurts after a flight of stairs, you damn well know why.   When you won't take your shirt off at the beach, you damn well know why.  Any one you speak to might deny it, but there isn't a single fat guy out there who doesn't know his "chronic back pain" would be greatly relieved if he dropped 100 pounds.   And you hate yourself more every time you choose to act in denial of all these problems by shoving more junk food into your face over and over.  But that often seems like all you can do, once you get to the point where you realize that eating is the only physical experience you have any hope of enjoying today.   So when some smug white knight makes a point of insulting a person with a real weight problem with the HOPE of making him  more  uncomfortable, (and thinks he will change a life by revealing the astounding secret that you should eat vegetables instead of cookies and cut back on soda), the only thing that he will motivate is a new flare-up of self-loathing, or an increased hatred for interacting with people whatsoever.
0	I took a women studies course in college with a friend , we were the only males in the whole class... Over the days a particularly vocal female attacked us for being male many times, one day she was particularly aggressive at which point I stood up and said i identify as a female and we are a queer couple. I asked her to stop oppressing me. Let me just say she never spoke out against us again.
1	Some months ago a bug (or something else, I don't know what caused it) enabled us to play 6v6 on TT and the whole game usually transformed into a huge brawl. It was the fun of a lifetime but it has been patched and is no longer possible to do, as fas as I know. I even saw lobbies of 10v10 or 12v12 but those games needed everybody in the lobby to change some file in your LoL folder to work so those games usually never started.
0	So me and my friend, both lower middle class, were at a fancy restaurant with a our friend and his really rich family, my poorer friend asked me what Filet Mignon was and I confidently said fish. When they told him to get Filet Mignon instead of the New York Steak and he replied with "I don't like fish" we got some judgmental and funny looks.
1	Interesting post. I am currently in silver v because I don't have the time to devote to playing a lot of league of legends. My goal for the beginning of the year was to get placed then get to silver as quick as I could. (Ended Silver IV last season). I got placed in bronze 1 and got placed with some toxic players on both mine and the enemy team. I found one of the best solutions to my problems was to turn off all chat while in a ranked game (sometimes even normal games) because when you play ranked there is no point in typing in all chat if you want to win. Also if i came past anyone toxic on my team I instantly muted them. It took me 4 games to get to silver v and I didn't have to play promos.
1	i for one woulda had to wait for the stupid vote counter to tick all the way down before pressing the ban button... I have a7 year old and a 10 year old nephew that both play..   The 'DONG' comment is insta ban imo... it might not be major to you .. but to me it says you have a complete lack of respect for the community and all the various types of people that play this game.   You sir ARE the reason we must have the tribunal.   Also .. it's a proven fact that the Tribunal works.. and YES it's going to seem that the majority is ban votes.. but pull your head out of your ass and realize that people don't get reported for being amazing humans..   This is like saying.. "I think all the serial killers in jain get screwed when they come up for parol cause the system is flawed.." They are FUCKING mass murderers..
1	Well actually that what he said is kinda right. Noone invited you to play there, it's TUrkey server, because it's bade for people living there so i can understand that they can be irritated that some 'prowannabe' come there just to show how they're good on diamond, but can't reach diamond on 'notmal server' (I mean a server for everyone, not national servers, like EUW or NA). And no, i'm not Turkey player, actually playing on eune.   Btw. I really don't understand your problem there. U have Diamond MMR, and silver league, so tbh you can reach your diamond in about 20-30 games. You're playing with Diamonds? Oh yeah, because you boosted your MMR on Turkey server, so what's up now? Do Europe diamond players is too much for ya, and you can't climb on? And the argument that you can't progress, well would you train more by playing with silvers, or diamond like now?
1	I second Liernet's opinion. I play him much more as a mage and he hits harder than a lot of people expect. My build rests on mpen reds, mp5/18 yellows, AP / level blues and flat AP quints. Run 9 0 21 masteries with the last point in mpen...though 0 9 21 works too for the extra MR. Flash n Ignite. This initial set up with a Doran's Ring will sit you at 47 AP right out of the gate. Level Q (resolute smite) and E (wind) consistently unless you are getting harassed, in which case a point in W (bulwark).   A Q E combo will really hurt folks and if you have a friend in lane, it is so easy to zone people out from XP with it...the only unfortunate piece is that consistent QE usage will run your mana down low...but if you can harass successfully, if you haven't gotten a kill by 6, your ult should secure it for you.   My typical build goes D-Ring, Chalice of Harmony, Merc Treads as all of the MR tankiness boosts your AP heavily. After that, for a normal game, BVeil / Abyssal Scepter / Hourglass are all clutch...Hourglass in particular for the active savior after your ult. Because I feel very confident with him, tossing in a Mejai's before BVeil is hilarious. Bveil and Hourglass can keep your stacks nice and safe...I've had a game or two of about 15-20 kills, 0 deaths, and 10-15 assists...you melt people.
1	I believe what Doublelift is saying is that in a vacuum, a lot of ad carries are bad because they do not have escapes. Champs like draven/varus/ashe are only good when you have to team for them. If you don't have a team built around them, they really do suck, because champs like olaf, renekton, j4, akali, hec all have ways of easily killing them because they don't have escapes. CLG needs doublelift to carry them and it is really hard to win with those champs if their whole team is gunning for you. Sure you can build warmog/randuins, but that means you sacrifice a whole ton of damage to build those items. If enemy team has a carry that didn't build 2 defensive item but 1 defensive and one offensive, that ad carry is going to have a lot more damage output over a course of team fight and eventually you are going to lose because sure you beat their olaf one on one but their adc, with help of his team peeling for him, just killed 4 of your team. What do next? Building two defensive item only works when you have other people acting as the carry role such as rapidstar in frost, maknoon in sword, regi in tsm, or froggen in eg.
0	My fiancée's parents made him get a job and pay rent and all his own bills as soon as he turned fourteen! He didn't have a room in the house instead they strung up a couple tarps in the corner of the basement (which only had three concrete walls the fourth wall was just dirt). If he had to pee at night or when they weren't home he had to go outside because his dad was convinced he was a thief and would rob him so they wouldn't let him have a key! His little brother didn't have to pay his own bills till he turned 18 and still lives at home (23 now). His dad ended up kicking him out a few months after he turned 14 because he didn't want to go to church with them anymore (Mormon). Luckily he had lots of friends whose parents knew his parents were nut jobs and let him pay them rent and buy his own food. He ended up working two jobs throughout high school and  sleeping in class during school. He slept so much that when he took the MCAS (standardized testing in MA that you have to pass to graduate high school) passed with flying colors. Teachers were convinced he cheated cause he did so well even though he didn't do any of the essay questions on the test (hates writing) and slept through all his classes. So convinced that they made him retake it in a room by himself and he got the exact same score.   My ex sister in law pulled something like this too. My fiancée's little brother and her are living at his parents house rent free when they find out she's pregnant. His parents and her insist they get married before the baby is born so its not a bastard she is 20 and he is 19. My fiancée tells him it's not a good idea they are too young and she's kinda crazy. They ignore him and go about getting the wedding planned. My fiancé's parents are paying for it all even gonna get them a four night cruise for their honeymoon. She flips out that it is only a four day cruise and tells my fiancée's brother that that's not good enough and to demand more from his dad. He refuses, so she calls off the wedding until he talks to his dad about it. Their dad finds out she's cancelled the wedding due to the short honeymoon and tells her to stop being a bitch and cancels the honeymoon instead!
0	A really good tool in the job hunt is www.glassdoor.com. This site allows users to post their application/hiring experience with a company. The larger the company, the more complete the info. My wife had 4 interviews with a company, including one with the VP of HR (she works in HR), and then heard nothing. She found glassdoor and read that this company was famous for this kind of unprofessional crap. It helped her feel better knowing it was just a jerky company and not something she did. Glassdoor also gives you insight on interview styles and even the questions asked in the interviews.
0	Be personable to get your name out there. I've applied online to probably upwards of 40 different automotive engineering type positions...from quality to design, from testing to manufacturing. Barely even received a couple of preliminary phone interviews which went nowhere. Also, I catered my resume to every position I applied for and literally have 30+ different resumes saved to my computer (super annoying and time consuming).   Anyways, the whole point of this story is to tell you the good news (or at least the good news for me that I hope works for you). I went to the SAE World Congress a couple of weeks ago in Detroit. There were tons of engineering companies there; mostly just to display their products. I spent a good hour or so just walking around the small career section and made a point to try and talk to someone from every booth that was in that section. Not only did I land three interviews, but I now have three different offers that I need to decide between. On top of all that, I'm a dude with scruffy facial hair (yet neatly trimmed) and hair that goes past half way down my back. Not you're typical engineer look.
1	In the two ezreals situation it can especially be proven that Armor Seals will always be better than AD seals. Lets make a few statements.     Anytime Ezreal A is in range of AutoAttacking Ezreal B, Ezreal B must also be in range of Autoattacking Ezreal A.     The same can be said for Mystic Shot     Armor seals give 1.41 armor each, 12.69 total     AD seals give .43 attack damage each, 3.87 total     We'll exclude glyphs and marks for the sake of simplicity, assuming each ezreal has neither.     Level 1 Ez has 47.2 AD, 12 Armor       So Ez A (who has AD seals) starts with:   51 AD, 12 Armor   Ez B (armor seals) starts with:   47.2 AD, 24.69 Armor   If Each Ez Q's and each Each Q hits then the following happens:   Ez A's Q: 35(+51) = 86   Ez B's Q: 35(+47.2) = 82.1   Ez B gets hit by Ez A's Q: 86 Damage (*0.8(the damage multiplier with ~25 armor) = 68.8  Damage   Ez A gets hit by Ez B's Q: 82.1 Damage (*.89(the damage multiplier with 12 armor) = 73.069   So the Ez that specs with armor seals will do more damage in a trading of the Q's   The same situation with Autoattacks:   Ez A's Autoattack does 51 AD lvl 1 (with his AD seals)   Ez B's Autoattack does 47.2 AD lvl 1   Ez A hits Ez B with an auto = (51 AD * .8 Damage multiplier) = 40.8   Ez B hits Ez A with an auto = (47.2 AD * .89 Damage multiplier) = 45.39
1	WARNING , very long post incoming.   >It significantly increases your waveclear. Arguably this is a "pointless" thing since Zed already has good wave clear, but now it's even better.   By the point you get a completed Hydra in a normal laning phase, you will already instagib waves with your W-E-Q-Combo. Better than instant is impossible and it does only arguably increase your speed at for example Wraiths.   >The item gives you 50 extra AD which increases your poke rather significantly. Your standard W->E->Q poke will get 115 extra damage out of it, and each of your simple Q's will get 50 extra damage. This is very big for Zed's laning power. Better yet, this 50 extra AD scales off of your W %AD increase, obviously.   Almost the same goes for the newly coming BT (5 AD more.)   >Hydra is, and has been by far the best choice for Zed for a very long time now. There's several advantages to it, and the only real drawback is that you lose the slow from the BotRK active.   >People keep going for the BotRK because they're used to it and they overvalue the BotRK active. You don't really need the slow in most scenarios since you still have your W to gapclose if they get away.   Sorry, completely wrong. If people were aiming for damage alone, they would have gotten "used" to the (not changed) BT. 25 AD more and more lifesteal once fully stacked speak a clear language. What makes BoRK so potent is:     The push pressure. By instagibbing waves and having 40% Attackspeed in a rush item, once laning phase is over Zed becomes a big threat for towers midgame, because he can shove his untouched wave to the tower and kill it in two waves, while being able to oneshot any squishy waveclear champ that comes to stop him. BoRK made him the midgame tryndamere.     The slow and more important: The Speedup. In this meta, mobility is king, and without the catch potential, you are screwed. This is also the reason why people started building Ghostblade instead of Black Cleaver on Zed and Riven. Black Cleaver is favorable damagewise, but having a double speedup while slowing the enemy is a decent compensation for the missilespeed reduction on W and makes you sticky in the 3 seconds you have to proc deathmark.       > BotRK active hits for 15% of your targets max HP. Around mid-game, how much HP will your target generally have? 1500 would be a fairly even number to pull out here. 15% out of that is 225 damage. So, for Hydra to be stronger than BotRK active damage wise, you need to have 225 AD, and well, that's super easy.   Mathematically correct, technically wrong. Hydras active has 2 big flaws.     While it resets your Autoattack animation, it is dependant on it so you have to break one Auto for procing Hydra. Bork is instant and doesn't impair anything.     Hydras Damage decreases towards the edge, down to 20%. lets take meta midlanes now: LeBlanc, Nidalee, Yasuo, arguably Kha Zix, Ziggs. They all have dashes that are ready when you reach them, which means if you are lucky you get them mid air with your Hydra active. That would be 55% of the damage which reduces it dramatically. BorK guarantees the hit and guarantees the full proc in Death Mark.       > Then on top of this you'll be getting an extra 57.5 AD for your spells because of the Hydra + %AD increases. This means that your full combo of R>Q>E>W>E and say 3 auto attacks, will gain an extra of 500 damage for your full combo BEFORE HYDRA ACTIVE.   as mentioned before, same goes for the new (and even more the old) BT.   >R proc itself gives 57.5 since the ult gives the 100(.....)   Bla Bla blub bla bla new and old BT bla bla bla   >Then of course you get the Hydra proc, which scales off of all the other AD items you get so your active damage goes up by over a hundred damage as stated before.   As stated before, nope. Also, since it uses the cast animation, you cannot just add it to the damage like BorK since Bork is instant and doesn't shrink your 3 seconds time window.   >Not many people seem to think about this, but 50 AD is a massive fuckton when you add up all the spells and attacks, as seen here.   I won't say it a 4th time.   >In a full item build scenario Hydra will probably win BotRK by about 1000 damage, since while BotRK active and on-hit proc will scale off of your targets HP and your targets usually don't build HP, the Hydra active scales off of items you have which makes the item way easier to get damage out of.   Now this pisses me off quite hard. 1000 damage is in so far unreal as that you go by 0 Armor of the enemy. given that only 50 armor decreases damage dealt by you by 50%, even if we use your numbers it would be only around 500. Then, Hydra active for the 9001th time requires you to stand in your enemy to deal full damage. Your targets don't usually build HP? Scaling HP seals are meta right now, increasing health at level 18 by 216 HP. And depending on the team, midlaners rarely build GA as a defensive item now, they build either Banshees or Randuins, which increases their health again. Midlaners these days are quite tanky, compared to what you encountered in the assasin meta. Also, you never ever mention that Hydra has +50 AD, but also -40% Attackspeed. the more AD you have, the more Attackspeed will bring. especcialy with Zeds passive, you get a good chunk of AD for free, which makes it hella effective if you can build a useful Attackspeed Item. It also heavily matters in his combo since he'll be able to do one more Autohit, eventually procing his passive and taking a bonus chunk of their HP away.   >Especially with the upcoming changes to items like Mercurial Scimitar and BT which make them more desirable items for your last slots, your total AD amount should see a rather significant increase from the past which only makes Hydra even stronger!   Ergh. Lifesteal is after spellvamp the most expensive stat to buy which makes double lifesteal rather unattractive. Overthat, Zed needs defense/utility against the bruisers and supports he encounters. Its fine that you have 6 items and 517 AD, you'll get one Morgana binding and you're fucked. You won't finish a game just by trying to catch squishy people offguard, and if you can't at least escape a sticky bruiser like shyvana, you're wrong in this meta. The few Zeds I see right now normally build double defense (like Thornmail Banshees, Randuins Banshees, sometimes even Frozen Mallet GA) or a offense defense split item and a defensive item (Scimitar and defense, Hexdrinker a lot). A finished build now looks something across the lines of Bork-Ghostblade-Lucidity Boots(or whatever you prefer)-LW-Thornmail-Banshees. So we will definitely see more scimitars on Zed, but BT is unlikely as doubled item.
1	I'll go ahead and leak what i know about her lore. Half of this is speculation the other half is true but will not be included in her official lore. The beginning is mostly speculation but everything after Demacia is certain.   They probably betrayed her by killing her master with some sort of wind technique and then making it look like she did it. Meanwhile noxians killed her family and she was stuck guarding an evil well power source thing and couldn't assist them. So she goes against her now dead masters teachings and opens an evil box thing which makes her hate balance and embrace the sun. However she soon learns that the moon is an equally as strong if not stronger source of power after she comes across a bad ass weapon in a hidden cave or something. Then after leading the team that created blitzcrank she comes accross a man getting his ass kicked by a group of men and attempts to help him. However she ends up turning him into a werewolf. Now being hunted by warwick and rengar she flees to demacia but was given no quarter and goes to bilgewater instead. Resisting the charm of miss fortune she starts her quest to find her missing father Du Couteau the former leader of noxian who vanished mysteriously. She makes the mistake of trusting twisted fate who sells her out to thresh in exchange for lucians wifes soul. Arriving at the shadow isles she meets a dude who really loves his shovel and attempts to bury her. Distracted by his passion for his shovel and digging he digs too deep and out pops skarner who is pissed because magic is causing trees to come to life and ruin his 3v3 game... This causes skarner to rage quit after feeding  and spamming all chat begging for reports. Kalista who is now on tilt becomes  feuled by rage and cuts her way to the Freljor where she becomes the new troll king. Just wanting to relax she makes her way to the bar and gets smashed with gragas and jax. Gragas will not stop belly dancing and jax keeps cracking the same joke "imagine if i had a real cup" followed by the same pick up line "who wants a piece of the champ". Somehow this works and she ends up sleeping with jax. Turns out jax was actually leblanc pretending to be ahri dressed up as jax using charm.  Anyway she gets all preggers and decides she really just wants to be a baker. 9 months and much burnt poro snax later.... Teemo is born but immediately killed by phreak while making kalistas champion spotlight. The spotlight cuts to Hecriam getting beat. Tons of damage. Shaco appears out of no where laughing at teemos death followed by twitch appearing next to shaco demanding a sandwich. Kalista agrees to get the sandwitch but lets them know if the tables were turned she would show no mercy. Before she can even take 2 steps Rammus flash taunts over the wall and says the word that will change kalista forever "Okay...." This was followed by a surprise party thrown by fiddlesticks who gets a triple kill. Double jungle op!! She starts to blame her top lane cho'gath for all the terrible things that have happened even though none of it was his fault. She begs him leaves top lane and team fight claiming that if he just grouped they could end. Unfortunately for her it turned out to not even be cho'gath... it was the god damn loch ness monster who replied by asking for tree fiddy. Shaco and twitch went afk while taric stood at fountain letting everyone know that this game was truly truly outrageous. Kalista felt alone and abandoned by her team and watched helplessly as Master yi used his amazing point and click mechanics to finish off the base. Mister Yi 2 shot the nexus but not before saying "xpece" and "easy noobers rekt"... The whole game Neither their top Nasus or the loch ness monster left top lane and rumor has it they are still there afk farming waiting for three fiddy.  Kalista lost her promo to get out of bronze 4 that day for the tenth time but learned a valuable lesson. A lesson that helped her climb all the way to bronze 2. That's the day she learned "you can't milk these without first making the ticking stop or setting the world on fire because rock solid."
0	No, it literally does change it. Both organizations recognize that being transgender  isn't  a disordered condition. Disordered conditions meet the following criteria:     Unusualness     Clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning       So, it works like this.   &nbsp;&nbsp;Having a gender identity that is incongruent with your assigned gender/body &rarr; gender dysphoria   Now, questions:     Is having a gender identity that is incongruent with your assigned gender/body unusual? (Yes.)     Does having a gender identity that is incongruent with your assigned gender cause clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning? (No.)     Does having a gender identity that is incongruent with your body cause clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning? (Not directly, though it does cause dysphoria.)     Is gender dysphoria, a symptom caused by being transgender, unusual? (Yes.)     Does gender dysphoria cause clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning? (Yes.)       And then you go into: and how do you treat that? The answer is "transition". And hey, surprise surprise, a post-transition trans person, how has little to no dysphoria, isn't considered disordered! That includes both trans people who never had any dysphoria about their genitals and are fine with the bits they came with,  and  trans people who did have significant dysphoria about their genitals but who pursued  the only known treatment for that dysphoria  - which happens to be medical in nature.   Hey, I wonder - do you take this same attitude, BTW, regarding depression, bipolar, and so on? Shit, those are  psychological , they should treat them  psychologically , not  medically  - what the fuck are they giving people  pills  for, like the problem's in their  physical body?
0	Alright, I'mma explain what I was thinking, even though I really think it doesn't deserve to be explained.   I wasn't getting why you would not have enough in the future, because you wouldn't be limited after finals, whereas during finals, the amount of alcohol would be limited. The only case I could think of would be if you couldn't afford it.   As such, I figured it should've been "The alcohol I need to consume at the moment is too damn high", "The alcohol I can consume at the moment is not high enough", or "The alcohol I will need to consume is too damn high" or something like that.
0	The SNAP program is actually run by the USDA so because they say you can't use food stamps to buy alcohol, you can't use food stamps to buy alcohol anywhere in the US. That said, the goal of food stamps is to typically ensure that the persons in the household have enough to eat  namely children who can't work or apply for their own food stamps.   What I find to be the problem is that you have families like mine. Middle class, parents were able to pay bills. We were able to get by, but there were some close times here and there. My mom would do all sorts of things to save money: wait for sales to buy meat or buy the older meat that was about to get thrown out (kroger actually will grind up meat for you so an old sirloin could sometimes come out cheaper than the hamburger packages of equivalent size), buy the off brand stuff, use pasta to make the meal 'bigger'.   We weren't eligible for the EBT program because we were essentially part of a middle class cliff of sorts where our income as a household was too high to be considered for aid while our actual income was just barely cutting it.   Later I worked as a cashier, where people with EBT and SNAP benefits (same thing) would buy the name brand stuff, the good meat, the stuff that wasn't on sale; basically they were getting so much in the way of benefits that they didn't need to care about what they bought.   There was actually this one person who would come in and buy this 'lucky clover chicken' or something. Basically really nasty chicken that would leak all over the place, but by FDA standards was still edible (and having had it at one point for a huge BBQ it does cook the same). They paid for it with EBT and then basically said they were going to feed it to their dogs.
1	yeah okay the system sucks, but it is completely inappropriate for you to call it cancer. you should change your
1	Every season riot re-balance the game a lot. So the meta shifts from time to time, DoT can become better than assassination in the next meta, or it can be heavy poke again, until the meta finds a "perfect spot" it will keep on changing. If assassins get nerfed into oblivion we will have a next big thing and so on.
1	Thanks for doing the AMA - I know this is a divisive topic so it is brave of you guys to put yourselves out here!   I am kind of struggling to explain my question, but here goes:   The way I understand it working now is that I could Q mage mid or something like that, and then I'd be put onto a team. What if I don't care what position or character I play, but just want to join a new and interesting team comp to contribute and explore?  Is it possible to Q into team builder with "i don't care, let's do something cool?"   Alternatively, I'd like to see something like the custom game browser where we could see basic information about what team comp the Captain has decided to employ and decide if we think that would be fun to join?  I envision something like the team builder map you guys have shown, with empty spots for positions that are unfilled and I could click on - this would avoid the problem of me going into the game and messing up their team comp by letting me select a specific role or character on a team without having to decide beforehand in order to join.   I think this could be kind of an -and system instead of an -or.  That way you could just Q support top, or Sona Mage, or whatever, or you could browse team comps and join one looks fun.  You could also give the Captain the ability to either publish the game to the browser or not, so a team could decide to really wait for that specific thing they wanted or allow the general population the chance to join.
0	Bingo. You can have crazy sex with someone you have zero intimacy with but that you find incredibly attractive, and you can have insane sex with someone you're not necessarily attracted to, but have a high level of intimacy with.   With that said, nothing comes close to the combination of physical attraction and intimacy.   I truly believe my wife is my ideal mate and lover...but I have to admit, it all started because I found her physically attractive.   Truth be told, she was supposed to be a one-night stand following a bad breakup for me. Turned out to be the love of my life.
0	There are some fucked up people out there. A friend's girlfriend prohibited him getting braces (his teeth are really fucked up) because "he only wanted to look better for all the whores out there" (that's literal, my friend had her on speaker when she said this). She was mad when he got a job because "he was going to see all the whores that work there". Hell she even gave him her car so he wouldn't "see all the whores in the street".
1	Streamers as Role Models     I'll agree that streams are primarily about entertainment (as that's intrinsically linked to their profitability), but the overall demeanor of the professionals acts as a basic litmus test for the community as a whole. For somebody just learning about LoL, if they watch a streamer act like a jackass, that informs their initial judgements about LoL. This act of contextualization is important for how that individual might act if they decide to play. If success in LoL is seen as winning games (or at least not losing), and part of being a professional is an ability to win games, imitating professionals should be seen as linked.   For those not in the LoL scene, how professionals act is the fastest way to make judgements about the character of the players. People already complain about this game having a poor community, and poorly acting professionals will not assist.     LoL as a Major Sport     I don't know if the community wants LoL/eSports to become "Sport"y, but there is something to say about wanting the eSports scene to be respectable. For us the players, it helps to justify using our time in game. For the corporations involved, greater levels of respect will turn into a greater ability to advertise and, eventually, make money.
1	Make it a blind, game-wide vote, but give players incentive to vote for the true MvP. Give the MvP a /slight/ LP or MMR boost in ranked (normal queue votes wouldn't count towards it, i don't think? they can still count towards a banner vote count or something, though).   Is it obvious that someone on the other team carried them through it all? Vote for them and get them out of your league so they can play in the league they deserve to better normalize the player skill of those you'll be playing with and give yourself a better chance to prove yourself through your play in future games. Bitter over a loss and don't want to vote for anyone? Fine. You can't vote for yourself and throwing away a vote over a team wide vote shouldn't be too bad.   This would obviously have to be monitored somehow to make sure the effects of the LP or MMR boost aren't too drastic. I'd say it even warrants some testing before full implementation. A trial period where Riot would give the community a chance to make their ranked play better.   Hopefully it's feasible to implement the system and gather info on it for testing of the effects of the LP or MMR boost before actually making it apply just to make sure it'd have a positive affect. But if it doesn't work I guess we can just throw it away and I'll publicly apologize for the incident.
0	Do you realize you are in Adviceanimals? I realize we dropped the "animals" pretense some time ago, but this isn't even a recognizable image macro.
1	Gotta love this subreddit. Sure let's not talk about:     Alex lost his lane hard, he was always at least 50 cs behind (and over 100 at the end) DESPITE having first blood...   the same can be applied to Soaz as well, he was constantly behind in his lane, never became a real threat outside of his ult   Edward was inexistent, he hit 1 hook the entire game, and that hook was on Alistar     The only ones that actually did anything the entire game were Diamond and Yellowpete, but hey let's blame Yellowpete because that's hip right now
0	it's not the bool statement, it's how you're checking it.   if(foo == true)    is functionally the same as   if(foo)    while we're nitpicking:   *improper indenting and that horrible style of bracketing.  I mean yeah K&R is a preference, but it's a pain to look at, and if you had done more traditional "but it wastes one line!" bracketing, you would have immediately noticed where you forgot a closing bracket. Your code doesn't actually compile because of this.   *using namespace std   *using std::cout instead of printf (okay, that one's also preference, but goddamn do I love format specifiers)   *using endl instead of \n   printf("some string\n"); //is the same as std::cout&lt;&lt;"some string"&lt;&lt;endl;    *not taking advantage of c++ polymorphism and using a branch nested in another branch, even though your code already implies you've got classes set up to handle different types of girls   BaseGirl* girl = inst; girl-&gt;ReactTo(you);    these two lines could accomplish the exact same as the mess of "if" and "else" statements you wrote out, provided inst was a pointer to a type that had properly inherited from abstract BaseGirl class
1	Woah woah woah. How much did you play Dota 2? I always thought that Dota 2 had the more flame-happy community.   Really and truly, you just gotta suck it up. It gets better. If they are raging at you, have you considered the  possibility  that they might be trying to help you, but they are making the wrong approach?   ANECDOTE:   I remember when I was a wee level 12 or so, I ONLY autoattacked minions - last hitting was unknown to me. When I ended up with awful CS and low gold, my teammates would occasionally get a little irritated and tell me to try last hitting. Obviously this helped.   END ANECDOTE   What you gotta do is play bot games with champions you want to try out at lower levels so (hopefully) you will be flamed at less. Also, I slightly disagree with your claim that 90% of the low level player base are veterans. And, if you do encounter a veteran, the  learn from their technique. (Actually, my friends and I get an occasional giggle at the mistakes low level players will make. If 90% of the low levels were veterans, this giggle would not be available for us. ) You have to play this game for the game, not for the community. Play the game to get better so that these flamings will happen less. AFKs are inevitable.
1	I think one of the big differences I've noticed between pro-streams and my Elo is that the streamers continue farming lanes throughout the entire game. Nasus's built-in mechanics get mediocre players to continue farming more than they would with other champs.
1	Sorry, didn't explain that very well.   You (Morg) are standing facing the creeps with your back towards your tower. You see Talon coming in for a combo. First, if you are close enough for a double hit rake without him using blink, you are playing Morg wrong or baiting for a gank. Now, you see him coming and you turn and start walking towards your tower. This is the tricky part, you need a fairly decent idea of the range on his blink. Once he is in that range turn your shield on. You will not be silenced or slowed when he does decide to rake. I know Morg's bind is pretty easy to dodge at a distance, but in rake range you should be fine. Hit him with that and your w and you'll win the trade. If he hits that slow and procs his passive, he'll win the trade.
0	u/anonymusprofessional is right. And scientifically speaking it's better if you keep your goals to yourself as just telling someone your goal gives you the same chemical response as actually completing that goal.   In college you need to go to every class, stay away from thirsty Thursdays, frat parties etc. and make the right kind of friends that are going to support your study.   Or not, have fun, and end up right where you were before, like me, a 24 year-old college dropout.
0	it really seemed like my neighbours in college would fuck loudly whenever i really needed to get some sleep. one night, i'd had enough and played the solo section from "free bird" through my speakers at max volume while shouting "YEE HAW" at the top of my lungs and jumping around the room in order to drown out the noise/alienate them.   the next day, i saw them, expecting some sort of acknowledgement, but neither of them said anything about it. a few days later they were at it again, the girl in particular was quite a screamer. i mean, i guess females tend to be the guilty party in sex sound crimes, but, well, yeah she was loud by any standard.   i did it again, this time i tried to be louder.   once more they acted like it never happened, and shortly after they were screaming obscenities between our walls again.   finally i decided to ask them, but i wasn't man enough to be direct about it, so i said, "hey guys, would you say i've been playing my music too loud at all lately?"   they both shook their heads and told me that they never hear any noise from my apartment. like, what the fuck, how does that make any sense at all? how did they not hear my free bird hootenanny? my only guess is that because they were stoners, they might smoke out before going to bed, and therefore not be in tune to outside forces during the heat of the moment. but still...   anyway   i never tried anything like that again, and i listened to them fucking for the remainder of the time i lived there.
1	Riven can E everytime Katarina uses her Q to harass. I dont think you really know the match up. You push your lane if you just use Q to harass and because Riven can outtrade Katarina early on, she will freeze the lane and hit the shit out of you everytime you come close as Kat. You have to snipe cs with Q.
1	I understand that each of these things can be frustrating, and to feel as though you are hurting the games of other players is definitely a tough weight to carry around, especially when you care that much about a game such as this one.   Its also somewhat noble that you don't want to smurf and ruin the game for others, even though some of those sub-30 players will be smurfs as well.   Personally, if I were you, I would take a step back and focus on one thing at a time. Find a champion you have fun with, even when you are losing, preferably someone who is flexible across multiple lanes (Kennen, for example, can go top or mid). Then, play the bejesus out of that champion, and just work on one thing at a time.   Start with your spread. Did you end the game 2/7/XX? Focus on ending the game 2/6/XX, and let yourself be proud when you do that! And continue improving from there.   Don't worry about everything all at once. Even Diamond players can only improve on a couple of points at a time (Phreak practices last hitting in a custom game with no other champions, just to improve those mechanics).   Ultimately, the biggest thing I can tell you is that its okay to lose. And no one should flame you for a bad game or two or five or fifteen in a row, you deserve better than that because you are a person. Everyone deserves better than that.
0	Herd Immunity doesn't require the individual members of the 'Herd' to be Immune, just resistant enough that the 'Herd' itself is Immune. I explained the maths in another reply to the above. The
1	the "Net neutrality" issue is just 1 piece of the puzzle in the US. But its a large piece in my opinion. Basically without net neutrality, ISP's can choose which websites or services get the best speeds. Take a look at what comcast did to Netflix, basically cutting Netflix speeds to the bone until they paid them a ransom to increase speeds.   As League gets bigger and bigger, it will start to account for more and more web traffic. It wouldn't surprise em to find out that this has already happened, and Riot's paid up to keep things working (the recent issues with FIOS users over the past few months as an example).   So, even if all of that wasn't the case, we still have the problems with the servers themselves. Not only their location being west coast, but also their stability/reliability and capacity. The migration they did recently I'd imagine should help with this, but that is also just 1 piece of the puzzle.
0	Krispy Kreme tried to move in to New England and compete with Dunkin' Donuts.  Didn't realize people here go to doughnut shops for coffee much more than they go for doughnuts.  Over extended and expanded too fast (I know they're good, but how often can you really eat Krispy Kremes?)  After a couple years they all closed.
0	One day I was walking down the hallway, and the class bully decides to push me a little bit. I had a bad day to begin with so I go and shove him with both hands into the wall. Teacher sees us and takes us to the principal. When we are in the office I'm freaking out because I don't want to get in trouble. The principal plays back the security tape footage, but only up to the part with the bully pushing me. We are both told to leave and the kid gets suspended. I get called back down about five minutes later and the principal says "I looked at a little bit more of the tape and saw this" referring to me pushing the kid back. He just smirks and says "Be a little bit more careful about where you fight back next time" since it all happened under a camera. That was a pretty good day.
0	Oh, I think I know exactly how often it happens, as I have to remove them every day.   We work quite hard. Maybe the users should work harder at lending us a hand. Instead of posting a comment and not even bothering to hit the report button, they could message us and generally have it gone within minutes.   We remove hundreds of posts each day. Some are bound to get by. I can only sit there refreshing new removing bad posts for so many hours a day. It's made extra hard to catch the crap posts when people decide to go through and report 10 pages of posts, so everything gets marked as reported.   I think it's rather insulting to say the mods aren't working hard enough, especially when users will see there's a problem, but would rather keep the post up so they can get karma than bother to actually report and message us.
1	Riot needs to find a way to fix it, Like make the leveling Estimate your elo not all people start at 1200   Ever heard of placement matches?   This has nothing to do with people who "just turned 30". People who reached level 30 earned the right to play ranked, and not letting them play ranked is ridiculous.
1	There is a really low chance that they nerf shen. He is strong because of his kit. He is overrated in soloq. Also he is not permabanned. Only at lower elos, where its surprising cause I dont remember which pro said but, shen on soloq does not work well cause most of time you ult to save their life for example, the bot lane is retreating. So you waste your ult, then you go back to lane where you lost some turret hp/cs/xp. It's banned at lower elos cause no one times his ult and also most people that play vs shen are not aware of be ready to cc him so he cant go.  Its highly picked in korean meta, because of his splitpush power. But is not that simple. He is not that strong in top lane. Used to be a really safe pick, but with all the anti-health meta, playing vs elise por example would be really hard. And if you watch CJ ENTUS Frost replays where CloudTemplar plays shen the team always let him get cs, so he can get items to 1v1 people and splitpush by his own. It's not as simple as, pick shen and go splitpush, cause if you have no sunfire/witsend/warmogs  (2 /3) you will probably lose 1v1.
0	Hello! I am a bot who posts transcriptions of Quickmeme links for anybody who might need it.   >Title: Seeing comments as of late, I'm beginning to wonder   >Meme: Am I the only one   >  AM I THE ONLY ONE AROUND HERE >  WHO KNOWS HOW TO PROPERLY USE
1	There's no Link between them... sorry
0	I had a similar story in my life. This kid was bullying me for a long time but I didn't want to get in trouble so I just let it happen. Finally I told my dad about the situation and my dad said "Just knock his ass out then". So the next day when this kid is bullying me again I tell him "If you say another word, I'm going to punch you in the mouth"   I heard him start to say what I think was "whatever"... but he never finished the word because I cracked him with a right hook right in the temple and down he went... Our recess lady was standing right there, gave me a high five and told me to get to the office, which i gladly did. The principle called my dad, my dad laughed and got yelled at for doing so and then explained the situation to the principle. They both laughed and gave me a 3 day suspension that was fill with video games, ice cream and instant messages from my friends congratulating me. Oh how I miss being a teen in the 90's!
0	Finally someone with some sense. These people are all just mad. Saying that she didn't accomplish anything because her parent payed for it all is like saying a college degree isn't an achievement because someone else payed for you to go there (loans, parents, grandparents). Honestly do you think if any of these people's parents had tons of money they would deny the finer things and live as the righteous peasants they perceive themselves as now? On another note, it would be pretty sweet to bang her and travel the world..like reverse Aladdin style.
1	I think there are a bunch of differences between elos that people who say elo hello doesn't exist don't account for. Obviously a 2100 elo player has more mechanical skill then your 900 elo pub (and this is true ever more subtley with decreasing elo differences) but at some point it's not /all/ about mechanical skill.  At 1400 elo people trust their teammates, obviously there pubs and bads and stupid calls, but by and large you can find someone on your team to communicate with and trust. The two of you can make plays together, as such team comp starts to matter, you make plays as a team (and so does your enemy) and so the synergies of an aoe comp or poke comp /start/ to become relevant. While there may still be a mechanical difference between a 1900 elo plyer and 1600 elo player, I contend that is not /the/ determinant factor over your ability to win and lose. 1900 elo players have their own play style, this play style is much more co-dependent then that of 1100 elo scrubs like myself or even 1600 elo players. People just think on their feet better and fulfill their roles more aptly. People now that they can't win teamfights single handedly as nautilus, and so instead of just jumping their adc, stays around peels for his own.
1	butthurt fanboys aren't downvoting him. That is why that why nunu why line is so famous. It was hotshots fault, didn't realize nunu walked up warded and walked away, was already halfway down river by the time hotshot decided to go aggressive.
0	My take on the matter is this: there is very little American patriotism. Too often, all of the people I have met who do not speak English are extremely patriotic for their country of origin. My take on the matter is yes, bring your culture, and mix it into US. But leave your nation behind. If your nation is so great, why did you leave and come here? We are a nation of immigrants, yes. But we are also a nation of immigrants who left their country because it was not the vision they hoped. They came to this one to continue the American Dream.   I love foreign languages, and have already starting working on being fluent in German, French, Spanish, and Chinese. If I go to those countries, you damn well know I'm adding myself to their culture, not forcing them to adopt to mine. Unfortunately, now we have people living here who 1.) do not care about the betterment of America, 2.) do not even bother to learn the language of the people living here, but instead force others to learn their native language (which too many feel-good PC pseudo hippies are willing to comply with), 3.) cause (at least where I'm from) legal and social problems.   We have entire neighborhoods which are basically mini-replicas, some good (well-kept, nice, respected), and some bad (dirty, crime-ridden, unsafe)
0	I read that as Pillsbury Glands.
0	As a person with A.D.D. I'm not sure how I feel. I started taking it the end of my junior year of high school. By that time I was struggling with depression because of the stress from school. Even after I started taking vyvance, my gap was so bad I was sucidide for a short time. After high school I went to community college for a year and made deans lost both semesters I was there. I then transferred to a state school and am maintaining a 3.75 gap. I've never been happier in my entire life. Almost everything in my life, EVERYTHING, is better now. On the other hand, I don't think I would understand my personality as well or how I think off of meds if I had never experienced it for so long. Now people don't notice I have A.D.D and when I mentioned it to a few people they didn't believe me. I'm ok with that though most of the time.
0	I bought tires there three or so years ago.   This winter I got a flat and took it in to get it patched up.   Turns out the tire was ruined.   It was under warrantee, but they didn't carry the same model anymore.    And you can't throw new, different-model tires in  with the other 3 tires on an all wheel drive vehicle.   So, they replaced all 4 tires with different, better tires for the $35 difference in price in the one old tire that needed to be replaced and the new tire.   4 new tires for $35.   And they didn't have my size on hand, so they rush ordered them for the next day at no additional charge.
0	I just went through something similar. I'm a tall, pretty athletic guy but I've had some severe self-esteem and self-confidence issues.  I was constantly feeling bad about myself because I kept telling myself I was too awkward and too unfit to be comfortable socially. I was constantly running and dieting and obsessing over my fitness even though I was always in really great shape looking back on it. Luckily, I've mostly gotten over it and I'm now comfortable in my own body. But while I was going through that, people just wouldn't take my problems seriously because they couldn't understand how I could possibly feel bad about myself. They didn't understand that everybody has their shit to deal with. If more people understood that then maybe we could all help each other out instead of putting each other down.
1	try playing dota2. i quit league of legends 4 days ago and i played around 2 years non stop but this game right now is just too frustrating with all the hate and trolls and leavers n all dat i just became sick of it and wanted to try something new but i liked mobas so i went to dota2 its not the same as league of legends but atleast im still new to it so i get to have the joy of playing a new game again
1	Can we stop complaining about this, lets stop whining about 70-90 ping, upgrade from dial up to avoid spikes that the community complains about, yes I will agree 40 ping vs 90 is huge advantage for the other team...when your challenger, but if diamond players are so passionate about lower pings play on LAN servers. I am plat 3 and live in Florida and ping has never affected me besides when the server itself is lagging and I'm Loss prevented
1	It has always amused me on how riot approaches nerfs. Which is nerfing a champion, which allowed another champion to thrive, then nerfing that champion, and so on in that loop. You would have figured by now they would realize that by nerfing every champion to the point that league is a giant wet noodle fight, it is ruining the game rather than balancing it.
1	Every discussion about any champ is fine! From reading your post, i noticed that you note the strong points about Vayne, but you don't mention many (and she has many) of her weaknesses.   First of all, she has a bad laning phase. Short attack range and bad trading early (unless she gets three shots off, which is rare without taking too much return damage) makes you almost lose every matchup (if both botlanes are equal in skill).   Secondly, Vayne has a short attack range in teamfights. You say that, if she has a strong frontline, she can survive everything. The fact is, she is actually almost IN the frontline. There should be ample chances to get some CC on her, and when you do, she is so close to everyone that you can jump on her. That is why she got stealth in her kit, which can be counterplayed by pinks, so always have a spare pink to use on her in teamfights and get some of that CC landed (non skillshot CC should be considered in champion select).   Three, Vayne has some of the worst wave clear in the game (unless she gets Shiv). If the rest of their team comp doesn' t have waveclear to compensate, group early and push down objectives. She can't do anything against it.   Summary: Vayne is very strong in ideal matchups, but can be shut down in lane by hard CC and trading/pushing matchups. Get pinks and CC to shut her down in teamfights and siege objectives when possible.
1	LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of EVERY league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
0	I think it has more to do with the hypothetical reactions to the situation, and perhaps lack of empathy to other drivers?   Some people must drive slower than the rest of the flow of traffic, which can be due to many factors such as age, poor eyesight, or mechanical issues with their car.  This is understandable and forgivable, as such traffic is generally directed to the outer (slower) lanes so that the flow of traffic is not impeded.  A car coming up faster behind them will, at most, have to slow down momentarily if the passing lane is blocked while they wait for it to clear and go around.   However, when the slow car in the outer lane speeds up to match the car attempting to pass, a blockage is created: either the car attempting to pass must slow down and pull back behind the ex-slow car, which means any other traffic behind the passing car must also make adjustments; or else the passing and slow car form a two-lane block which sort of screws the pooch for everyone behind them.   The point is that civil/kind/courteous drivers attempt to cause as little issue for the other drivers on the road as possible while getting to their destination.
1	Well I can't speak for koreans, but as a Belgian born in brussels, my mother tongue is french.   Since I live in belgium I had to learn dutch and I hated it for the simple fact that no one where I live speaks it and I would most likely never need it in my life.   Whereas we had a lot of reasons, especially with internet coming to everyone around 1995-2000, to learn english. It's simply impossible to have a stable conversation on internet with people from all around europe in italian/french/swedish/dutch/spanish/german/...   Somehow, english seemed to make sense.   I'm really glad I'm able to write it and argue with people over internet, even though I can't really speak it unless I unleash my inner renekton (the english accent is really hard :( )
1	Brooo when's the
1	that's the wrong way to think as an AD carry. Your job is sustained dps. Unlike other champs, who rely on burst or cd's or tanking, you rely on constantly dealing dmg. There is a reason why most AD build's involve IE + PD. It's b/c when you have those items on most AD carries you do 2 things:   1) you attack quickly (as well as move quickly, which is nice for kiting)   and   2) you deal high dmg when you attack   Criting a tank for 200 b/c they came in range of your auto-attack is very nice, and aids in your team getting rid of their tank so your team can take a better position. Sitting in the back and auto-attacking the tank makes it a more likely scenario that their tank won't be alive long (usually they have cc so it's nice to make sure they die) to do annoying things so that later on in the team fight you can safely auto attack the AP carry, support or apposing AD carry.   AD carry is all about positioning and kiting. Good position is fine, but if you can't kite then your not going to be able to trade hits with most people when your both full health. And if you can kite really well, but have horrible positioning, then your just going to die to any sort of focus from the enemy team.   To end this rambling and give a nice
1	From what i've seen, Rengar is still pretty damn strong, he's still able to do his job quite well of assassinating targets even with the changes.   One guy whinged about Rengar being bad after he lost lane saying he sucks due to changes, this happened because he mis played not cause Rengar sucks now.   Another guy i saw also lost lane early, but he was able to come back into the game and was able to pretty much 3v1,   Comments about the R range being to big, think about his bone tooth passive, he gets a boat load of move speed when he reaches a certain amount of trophies, his R by default still gives him 25-45% move speed, the 1000 range ain't hard to gap close.
1	Who gives a shit about any of this. Someone makes a post about pro players being assholes. They are, they all are. Who cares. Someone makes a post about how pro players are humans too so we shouldn't grab the pitchforks whenever they do something stupid. Who the fuck cares. This stupid idolization of "celebrities" is why "celebrities" can get away with the dumbest shit. Let them do what they want, those who are assholes will continue to be assholes, all you're doing by posting anything related to their shitty personalities ( this goes for both of these posts regarding pro players and their inflated egos ).   There are plenty of reasons why some people dislike certain players and others don't. A lot of people hate Phantoml0rd. Others think hes awesome. It's just different styles for different tastes.
0	I had a similar situation. I was transferring a patient from a wheel chair to his car. He had his leg amputated and was finally able to go home. We deal with people who have trouble standing all the time, so it want a big deal. The secret is to get the wheel chair even with the seat so they can slide right over.  To make it easier you can remove the foot rest. Well  I lean over to take it off and tell my coworker helping me " we have to remove the leg". I immediately regretted that and did my best to pretend it didn't happen. Which is difficult when everyone head slowly turns to you all at once. Still feel bad to this day.
0	We were training on the use of a new software system.  We were all in a conference room, and the software vendor was remotely doing the training via phone and netmeeting, so we see their desk top.  The trainer is a computer programmer.  Her browser was IE with 3 Bing toolbars installed.  BEST PART:  in one of the search boxes was the text "man with dog head"   when we noticed we had to mute because we couldn't stop our giggling.
1	No. This post comes up a lot, please use the search bar first before posting in the future.   The main problem with your suggestion (as you haven't gone the usual route of "queue by roles plox") is that people will feel entitled to whatever role they have up. It basically just gives people a sense of entitlement to that role, which will lead to more arguments. Also god forbid you want to play a role that isn't listed as your best role when somebody else has the role you want as their best role.
1	Ok, let's think about this in terms of a teamfight (which is the main purpose of an adc IMO, considering they farm half the game to get strong enough to kill the entire enemy team and take objectives after fights).   Does Teemo do enough damage to win a teamfight with a full AD build (IE, PD, LW, etc.)? Probably, but his kit is just simply not an ADC kit. He has no AS steroid and no abilities that scale with AD. Sure, he can peel decently for himself with shrooms and Move Quick, but that's it. His damage spells all scale with AP, and it's not percentage damage, which means that it is virtually negligible in the grand scheme of a fight unless he builds AP. What's more, his passive AA poison does not stack, it simply refreshes with each AA. Compare that to Twitch, whose poison does true damage, stacks, and is a setup for a massive execute.   Literally all he brings to the table as an adc is the ability to peel and position due to his slow and movespeed buff. Let's compare that to the top ADC's:   Cait: Has a snare, an escape that slows and can go over walls, much higher AA range, long-range poke, and an execute.   Varus: Slow, %hp damage, AoE snare, long-range poke   Kog: See Varus (minus the snare, plus a reveal mechanic)   Vayne: Mobile invis (much better than stationary invis for a squishy DPS), massive speed and repositioning tools, kockback/stun, %hp true damage   Twitch: Slow, mobile invis, true damage poison, massive AoE execute, insanely stupid ult.   Draven: Kockback, bleed damage, movespeed buff, AA steroid that refreshes, ability to farm side waves, execute, or cause massive AoE damage in a fight with ult.   and Teemo: Can kinda peel for himself (slow/MS buff), very weak DoT, and a blind.   So ultimately, yes ADC Teeto CAN work, but it's vastly inferior in almost every respect to every common ADC, and there are even some nontraditional ADC's that would fare much better in the role than he does. IMO even AD Ahri would be vastly superior.
1	the added safety and better resolution in case something goes wrong on your pc makes up for 10ms delay that you will not notice. 40 ms delay is a lot to connect to a local isp pop, that is connecting to an isp 4800 miles away, you are doing something wrong then
0	I feel you, bro. I've been denied multiple jobs and promotions because the company needed a "Diversity hire." I worked my ass off only to have the promotion I worked late nights for go to someone else because they were a different skin color. I was denied scholarships because I'm white. I was jumped and beaten almost daily by Latinos and blacks when I was a teen and the cops didn't magically appear to help me. They wouldn't even take a report! So anyone who says "White Privilege" exists can shove it up your ass! It's people of the same race looking out for each other.   Do you describe the United Negro College Fund as "Black Privilege?" How about the NAACP? No? Surprise, surprise. They're tools to help uplift African Americans. If there was a college fund specifically for white people the NAACP would have a fucking field day.
1	This is what happened to League of Legends in general. The game grew over and over to the point where there is so much people playing the game that the community is itself a "sample" of the world.   Now as much as we know, people with destructive or careless attitudes will always overwhelm good criticism because it's way easier to write a one line flaming comment than taking time to write something useful.
1	Actually the last thing that you should be doing in that situation is complaining, you are pretty much blessed if you know how to play versus that. Take into account that the fact isn't only that you are getting camped but that you KNOW that you are getting camped, so you actually don't even need wards, and on top of that just by playing safe and letting the lane be pushed to you you are distracting the enemy jungler while yours is free, which lets the other lanes play freely and safely. That should also give you free dragons btw.
0	So if you are driving down the road, a police officer should be allowed to stop you just to check your identification to see if you're legally allowed to drive a car?   Delaware v. Prouse, 440 U.S. 648 (1979), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that police may not stop motorists without any reasonable suspicion to suspect crime or illegal activity, to check their driver's license and auto registration   A police officer asking you for your personal ID is considered a search by the Fourth Amendment, and they cannot stop you and search your ID unless they can provide specific facts that you are or are about to commit a crime. Simply carrying a weapon where it is legally permissible does not constitute reasonable suspicion to conduct a search. In the same sense that driving a car where you are legally allowed to drive the car does not give the police the authority to stop you and demand you ID yourself.
1	There was a time (when they fixed the multicast bug where you could use rank 5 W+Q at the same cast) that almost all the D1 mains completely stopped playing Rengar.   The reason was because, that ability was what helped Rengar have a decent laning phase against just about any lane match-up.   There were a few months where they would play maybe 2-5 rengar games and then be playing other champs. No longer spamming Rengar all day, every day.   This may have changed over time, but after that fix Rengar was basically nonexistant. I remember during that time OnlyRengar was playing on a silver smurf and had abandoned his main account. Daemonchorro had played other champs/ the occasional game to prevent decay. etc. etc.
1	I've mained kayle ever since the Liandry's build became popular on her and it amuses me how much people QQ about how OP she is now, when she's pretty much lost a ton of power compared to a year ago (and back then I didn't see half the QQ about Kayle that I do now) ...  Here's a short list of changes that affected her (positive and negative) that I can think off the top of my head:     During the Warmogs meta, the Liandry build run by Najin's mid-laner brought her to popularity. Despite being strong, she was rarely played after her re-work until Liandry became popular on her. Nerfing Liandry seemed to kill off her popularity, though I continued to play her.   Around the same time Nidalee/Kayle both lost their MR per lvl stats, and I think in that same patch the mini-dfg on her Q was also removed.    The cast range on her ult was drastically reduced.     Now after all these changes I still thought Kayle was insanely good, but she was never a highly contested pick/ban despite being the best counter to the popular assassin meta at the time. IMO she was THE best pick vs. zed/ahri/lb/syndra etc. and I rarely ever saw it used in SQ or competitive for that matter.     Gragas Nerf. This is where I feel that she got really strong as Gragas was the best counter to Kayle.     Lichbane/Q nerfs along with buffs to her ult costing 0 mana, and adding an AP ratio for her MS buff. The change to her ult gave Kayle a massive boost in power. She was mainly mana starved (~700 MP at lvl 6, ult cost 100MP) but I haven't had any mana issues on her after this change. I also think adding the AP ratio on the MS of her heal was unnecessary. Many people think the ult is too much of a 'get-out-of-jail-free-card' but insane MS trumps the ult imo.     Athene's nerf since Kayle never builds it.
0	Folks, he's not been "fired" and he can't be. By definition, someone can only fire an employee. He's not an employee. He's one of thirty owners, sort of like being one member of a board made of thirty people, all of whom are equal in the upcoming voting process. They need 23 owners to vote to remove him, at which point he will be forced to sell the team but still come out way, way ahead of the money he put into it.   As always, it's about money. It's bad for business to have someone who is repeatedly getting hit with accusations of racism and lawsuits for racial discrimination. The other owners know this and they don't want to continue to be in business with this guy. They're almost certainly going to vote him out, which is good because we're finally at the point as a society where it is widely recognized that being an intolerant ass is not acceptable. If what he was doing was acceptable behavior, he might get suspended but he'd be right back there in a year or two. Many redditors might remember [Marge Schott]( previous owner of the Cincinnati Reds, who was much worse and was allowed to return not once but twice before she sold the team.
0	You don't really have to, but when you do its totally worth it, and only you realize it.   Sounds an AWFUL lot like [this]( to me...   (Just speaking in general here, I am not qualified to speak on car mods.)   [Edit: Full disclosure: Someone stuck a "PS3 sucks compared to the 360" in there so I edited it to make the example more abstract.
1	I've found that as support, if we can get a couple strong exchanges or a kill in lane early, it seems to affect how well the enemy lane plays: if one person initiates the other is likely to follow up. Simply because trust has been lost. This is often enough to win the lane.
1	That change would be really bad and not because I don't like it but because i know how Leona works. These changes would make her undoubtly op because you're giving a cc-beast even more cc she can play with. I mean think about it the extra ccs you're giving her in your suggestion are Knockbacks. Knockbacks are hardccs which are even worse than stuns because unlike stuns you aren't able to cleanse them while you're knocked back. Teamfights are already won with this kit, too because Leonas engages would be ult, which pulls the enemies in and stuns them after that, activate her Eclipse, use her Zenith Blade, which results in another knockback on the ones pulled by Solar Flare, and her Shield of Daybreak, which is able to stun their whole team, and at the end Eclipse explodes and the enemies are being knocked again. For me this teamfight would be unwinable unless the whole enemy team is cc-immune.   I haven't thought about the passive because I think there is simply no need for it.   About why you think Leonas kit needs theese op changes I can't think of any other counter against Leona except Thresh and Janna because i think they are the only ones who can disrupt her gapclosing part of her Zenith Blade.   Hmm sry for the wall of text.   Ehm
0	That's assuming that an accusation of misconduct is made and reported for every single instance of actual misconduct. I guarantee that is not the case.   Additionally, assuming that figure is pretty close, let's call it 1% of officers are breaking the law. How many of them are ever charged, or even convicted? Almost 0. That's a pretty shitty accountability rate.   Not to mention the primary problem: Even if just 1 in 100 officers are breaking the law and abusing innocent citizens, those are still innocent people potentially having their lives ruined, with no recourse.   And, the FBI estimates 13,687,241 arrests occured in the US in 2009. Assuming a fairly uniform distribution of arrests per officer, that would mean at least 136,872 arrests per year (11k+ a month) are suspect.   But I guess these are the kind of things that are easy to overlook if you assume it can never happen to you. Just let the people who deserve it deal with the problem cops, you can just go on being an upstanding citizen and pretending like nothing's wrong. Maybe your mind will change when that 1% chance of being railroaded on completely fabricated charges happens to you.
1	I used to love playing ap nunu. Won most of my games by a lot... stopped playing it because it wasn't worth being flamed EVERY.SINGLE.GAME.
1	Inb4 Mordekaiser rage and downvotes buuuuut....   Mordekaiser is a champion that will never be a strong, viable pick unless he is OP. Any champ with a low skill ceiling (Garen comes to mind) is this way. As soon as you make them strong enough to go toe to toe with the other strong picks, they are instantly used to their full potential and therefore too strong. Most champs are balanced with some room for error built in, but there is really no way to screw up while playing Morde/Garen, so they have a tendency to become overpowered.   This is why they are both either OP or UP.  First you see both of them every game, then they were both nerfed in the same patch. Everyone cried so they reverted the nerfs... BOOM they were OP again. This is why they are trying to make newer champs have a higher skill ceiling, even if they have a low skill floor.
1	Asbestos and lead-based paint used to work very well in homes. It was the norm, and it was what people expected. Airplanes used to be scary. People avoided them. Going with what is tried and true only slows progression in all forms. Ingenuity is what made our race so amzing. Did you know when pencillan came out, it was widely rejected?
1	This is a complete guess, but Nydus might have thought that Doublelift wanted to leave Thresh open so that Nydus would pick it. The logical reason for wanting him to pick it being that he wasn't afraid of it, and Thresh is a strong champion so that would mean he just wasn't afraid of Nydus.
0	The only problem with this is determining (who gets to decide) what's on the test. Considering that raising a child also tends to include pretty much every controversial issue in existence in some way, shape, or form, and considering how badly we handle those issues directly, I have absolutely zero confidence in our collective ability to do this well.   This is the same reason that it's incredibly illegal (in the US, at least) to require any kind of test before being able to vote. And that's one where we  tried  doing it, and fucked it up  really badly . So much so that the Dept of Justice  still  has to approve any major changes to voting laws in certain states before they can take effect.
1	There is disrespect and there is locking like a fucking fool.   Disrespect requires you to read into your enemies plays and react to them accordingly. It may it's like being able to win 10 turns ago like 3 times in chess.   Or locking yourself in an animation while playing a fighting game. Know they will choke their combo.   In League you have a fucking team counting on you to play at least decently. Having fun shouldn't make you look like an asshole to the enemy and your team.
1	The lol launcher does actually check those file (Thus the Calculating Differences step in the launcher) if you accidentally stop the patching process in the middle I think it goes through and checks EVERYTHING to make sure its all what its supposed to be.   HOWEVER, that being said when I say "Check" I mean that the launcher has a list of file names that its checking to make sure are named correctly and in the correct place.   What it does not do is then proceed to load every single file into some type of either coding api or other investigation software to ensure that the data inside each file is what is supposed to be in that file. It just assumes that if its named correctly and in the right place that it is the right file.
1	I just wish Riot would talk to us because at the moment everything they're doing just seems to say (even though I'm sure they don't mean it) that they hate junglers. They keep saying they want to fix things or change things for the better but everything they've done has only perpetuated a hierarchy in the jungle where it's only about a specific set of 6-7 champions that can jungle effectively (Lee, Fiddle, Vi, J4, Rek'sai, Nid), and a set after where you're essentially gimping your chances of winning by choosing them (even if they are still playable). Even with their future plans that they have divulged, there are more nerfs and difficulties added to the jungle -- the Mandrake Ward will make our lives even harder.   Riot must know that jungle is already a thankless role: you get blamed when people lose lanes, people think they did all the work when they won, they force you to do bad 50/50s then blame you when you lose smite war, people expect us to be everywhere to babysit everyone, and now it seems Riot is destroying our role. I and all the junglers just want to be part of an open discussion with Riot to really know what is going on and what Riot is trying to do about it.
1	By this you can concur that SOME (meaning those aps that naturally build lichbane so not too many) AP's can beat SOME (meaning you aren't accounting for ad's with abilities that increase attack speed or just full out split push AD's like sivir) AD's. Not to mention you're missing a few factors.   AD's naturally build a decent amount of lifesteal, so where as ap's have to wait for wave ad's can get quite a few autos in the lifesteal off minions and continue.   You also don't actually account for lichebanes cooldown in your actual calculations and just throw in at the end that oh well with that in the speed is the same.   So same speed but you argue that it's better because of their burst and escape. Again, you're being far too general. Like if you're arguing TF is a better split pusher then say mf, well yea most likely you're right. However, better then sivir? Not necessarily.
1	If they are going to nerf buffs then game pace will be even slower and we only gonna see 1 fight every 6minutes in between dragons. I feel that buffs became essential on some champions for example look at zilean (below average solo mid champion) and with blue? monster of a laner...  Same thing happened when sk picked anivia, they didnt got any blue that they were expected to take at 7minutes like every single scrim/solo queue game or even half of tournaments. M5 said NO! we gonna take it from you, and that basically demolished mana reliant ap mids like cass/anivia
0	This is how my boyfriend was for a while. He refused to sleep with the fan off, especially since I apparently turn into a furnace.   Problem being that we live in Colorado where it's already really dry, I have a dry mouth and can barely breathe through my nose, and I also had lasik done which causes significant dry eyes.   His fan running caused me to wake up with eyes so dry they had film on 'em and I could barely see. I developed protein build-ups that would scratch my corneas, and even using an eye-drop overnight gel didn't help enough.   On top of this , I would have to wake up every few hours to get a drink of water since my mouth was as dry as my skin and it was painful on my tongue. It caused my teeth to become brittle and can cause long-term tooth decay. It was so bad that my salivary ducts developed a build-up and became plugged. I still have to get them lanced, and they painfully swell up anytime I salivate excessively(like when smelling yummy food).   We also would get regular nose bleeds, the skin on his hands would crack unless he used a ton of Vaseline before bed, and my skin became super greasy to combat the dryness.   He didn't see a problem with any of it until I showed him one of my swollen salivary glands and grossed him out. We finally don't sleep with the fan on, and our humidifier can do its job. lol
0	I'm a technology coordinator at a K-8 catholic school.  I'm one of very few guys in the building.   I often feel like I would be easily suspected of pedo kinds of stuff.  One time during after school care (the kids wait for parents to pick them up in the room across from my office and are free to walk in the hallway), a girl (I think she might be an Aspie) came into my office and wanted to chat about what I do at the school.  Rather than tell her to gtfo because I was uncomfortable, I gave her a brief explanation, and asked her what grade she was in, what subject she liked best, blah blah.  I was nice to her.  Then she asked if she could hug me and I said naahhhh.  She hugged me anyway.  Uggghhhhh so uncomfortable.  She finally left.  I have avoided this girl.  I think I am being overly anxious and making this a lot worse than it needs to be, but I think a lot of anxiety comes from the fear of being accused of shit (in catholic schools, we have to participate in classes that aim to weed out pedophiles in schools, and there are regulations on what to do and not do, i.e., never close your office door, etc).  On the other hand, i have heard female teachers talk about loving to teach the kindergarten classes because they like to hug the children and it's so happy and cheerful.  As a man, I wouldn't DARE hug children who aren't mine.  Guys can't do that generally.   Side note:  Since this school was built like 60 years ago and run by nuns initially, it wasn't built with men in mind.  So there are mostly women's faculty bathrooms (far from my office), or boys student bathrooms.  i use the bathroom that the kindergarten boys use next to my office and try to go in when they aren't there (but they go often throughout the day).  So sometimes a horde of little 3 year olds run into the bathroom while I'm trying to pee, and sometimes the female K teachers walk in there to deal with the kids while I'm standing at the urinal.  Yeah, no biggie right?  I have a feeling that a male teacher walking into a girls bathroom that little girls and adult women were using would NOT be seen as acceptable.
0	When I worked at a (really crappy) job as the assistant manager for a market research company at the mall, our corporate office treated us like shit. They would call us up, literally scream at us, and then hang up before we could say anything. And they bounced paychecks.   I gave my manager a 1 month's notice, because she had asked for that much time because I was such a good assistant (the best she ever had) and would need more time to replace me. I figured "eh, why not?" So the month goes, and she still hadn't found a replacement. My last day, she begs me, crying, telling me she can't work every day, and could I at least stay the week-ends because corporate won't let her have those days off back if she works them, and she doesn't want her cancer to come back from the stress, etc.   Because the other job I was switching to was part-time, but no week-end schedule, I agreed to work only week-ends.   November week-ends came and went. No replacement.   December week-ends are happening. My manager doesn't see me in person, and starts to resent me, and thinks I am screwing up all the time, even though literally nothing is different from when I used to see her. In the mean-time, all of the people who are out in the mall asking others to do surveys have become her informants. Because of the stress, I cried on my lunch hour almost every day at work at this point. I had skipped my periods for 2 months in a row because of the stress.   Finally, I realize I can't keep hurting myself to do her a favor. I come in during the week to pick up my paycheck (we were supposed to have been paid Friday, but the checks hadn't arrived. Par for the course at that point) and to quit. The first thing my manager tells me is "This crying business is not normal. It has to stop." If I hadn't been going in there to quit already, that would have been the last straw. You don't have the right to try to control MY FEELINGS on MY LUNCH BREAK.   I calmly handed the key over to her.   She says I "came in here and threw the key" at her.   She uses the excuse of looking for the "I quit this job of my own volition and am not entitled to unemployment" page to berate me some more. The most horrible string of specifically targeted verbal abuse I have ever heard. About how much I am screwing her over. About how she'd never want me to be her kid's teacher because of the way I "freak out all the time." About how she's going to have to work all the time now because of me, and her cancer is going to come back, because of me. And on. And on.   When almost two months before that, she had been crying, begging me to stay.   Some people are just shitty people, and don't show it until you are no longer being convenient for them to be able to do whatever they want.
1	It's free game. Because that's where the profit is. It's not out of generosity.   Profit is present in droves in skins.   People would still pay for new champions with money even if IP gain was increased. More than just the 6300IP champions sell for RP.   There's also profit present massively from tourney sponsors.   There's also the fact that riot is massively profiting, and has been for some time now. At this point, anti-consumer practices are nothing but greed.   When they're charging €20 for freaking skins they have no excuse for making champions so expensive, especially new ones being priced higher in IP but not in RP for the first week. And especially considering runes already act as an IP sink.
1	I hope for Riot that they will do something special for the 100th champion. And i am not only talking about the champion itself. It's the 100th champion and Riot should be able to pull off something extraordinay. In my oppinion, the last like 4-5 champions were pretty boring. Nothing new. Nothing special. No new ideas. They were all boring to play. It felt like Riot realised every second Week 'OH MY GOSH, two weeks passed, let's make a new champion, quick!!!' The only one i hoped for was Draven who could be fun to play but after his releas I was really disappointed. But I hope the best of Jayce. And also, it would be nice to see something around this whole '100th champion' thing. When S2Games (HoN) released their 100th Hero, the hero itself was something new. With extraordiany ideas and some stuff you have not seed before on Hon/DotA/Lol and they also did something around this.  And Riot has more possibilities to do something.   And i am not talking about a new map design, or some free IP or a new skin. All that stuff is old. That's not innovative. And I for myself expect something innovative for the 100th champion. Especially after the last 5 were pretty disappointing.
1	So I am live at the venue. Basicly bunch of 12-15year old kids, the plague why you dont want to play on EUNE. I find it unaccaptable that the main LoL stage is showed in polish only. The big screen with english casters is in the middle of the arena but seats are only avaible to vips... Spodek is amazing, the city centre is tragic, yesterday after 24:00 not a single open pub/bar. Curse:Mym game played somewhere behind, players not on the scene.
0	Well.. from what I've seen of the world, the suburbs tend to host the more educated people. (Depending on the suburb of course.) But a lot of suburbs where I live tend to be filled with upper middle class and upper class people who are paying for private school or sending their kids to a good public school.
0	The problem I have with this is that you chose a laptop entirely based on the back-lit keyboard apparently, while sacrificing a lot of customization and performance for it. Assuming you got the cheapest macbook you spent $1199 for the complete base model.   Now, let me preface this by saying I have not purchased a laptop in a while so I did the bare minimum of research just to prove a point, selected the first thinkpad I saw and customized it to match your specs.   I customized the Lenovo ThinkPad T430  to match the requirements you set forth. Now, this computer comes to a grand total of $1,213, and it outperforms the same price macbook in:     14.0" HD antiglare display > 13.3" Glossy widescreen   2.6 GHz boost to 3.3 GHz > 2.5 GHz boost to 3.1 GHz   8 Gb RAM > 4 Gb RAM   NVIDIA NVS 5400M > Intel HD Graphics 4000   ~16 hour battery life > ~7 hour battery life   Fingerprint scanner     And I couldn't find the specs of the macbook wireless card, but the one I selected should be more than superior. These laptops are durable as well, very well built, as well as allowing for customization which apple is notorious for limiting severely.   Long story short, you picked an apple laptop because of the brand and backlit keyboard (which in this day and age, who needs to look at their keys when they type, the screen should provide more than enough light). With just a small amount of research, it is easy to create a laptop that not only outperforms the macbook in almost all categories, it is also cheaper (I upgraded some elements unnecessarily, the base model would have still beat the pro). So if the backlight on your keys is that important to you, go for it, but there's no way in hell I would pay such a premium for a lower end computer that I can't upgrade, just because it has a glowing apple on the back of the screen.
1	Son of a bitch, I had such a big post written and then I hit the page back on the mouse. Ugh   Well, I came up with my zinger after writing the huge post, so whatever.   The same exact issues we are having in NA happened earlier in EUW, until they built a new datacenter. Now problems on EUW are exceedingly rare, and is probably the most stable server right now. My personal theory is that when expanding (as I'm sure Riot didn't start out with the capacity to hold this many users), they've been taking shortcuts, leading to the issues we are now experiencing. Or, to be honest, it might just be impossible to efficiently expand an existing datacenter for something like this. Either way, building a new datacenter fixed the issue for EUW, so they should do the same here. Which brings up the question of why they didn't earlier, if they knew this would occur.   But yea,
0	The difference is that the penguin is (supposed to be) used to describe a situation made awkward because of one's own social lacking. And the seal is (supposed to be) used to describe an awkward situation made awkward by an outside source.
1	this is false information.   If you crit check a minion by cancelling your animation until the crit animation shows up, it means you have a window of time to crit THAT specific target only, it is calculated differently for every target.
1	why we should be pro gender bender? that immidiately brings down the quallity on skin ideas.. imagine that suddenly designers have an easy unoriginal solution for every hero.. HON has genderbender skins.Each time the weekly released skin was a genderbender,I was a bit dissapointed,due to lack of original,fresh content and theme. Yes it would be fun to see it for some heroes,but in the end you will get bored of it. Especially when the development of new themed skins would be hindered.
1	well on veigar its not really needed how much u have on your q, its good for the enemy for nasus to be able to guess how much dmg a q from him will do(ofc not the exact dmg because of armor etc.)  but for veigar and sion(the other stacking champs) its not needed cause if u click on them u have enough information(u see veigars ap and sions hp) so no need for a "bufficon" that shows how much ap/hp theese champs got directly from their skills.  only on nasus is it important for counterplay cause else you cannot calculate what dmg his q does just because u see he has a good or bad farm, does not mean he will have a lot or not many stacks on his q.
1	Personally, I hate playing against Teemo. At the same time, however, I love playing him.  But, lets look at the facts here: When played as an AP mid, the style that relies on his mushrooms, he will always be squishy, or else your damage suffers. If you are hard to kill, you deal no damage. In that case, everybody will just ignore you. You are forced to be a glass cannon with a miniscule range, no escape and a kit that has only one spell that can be used in team fights. You are extremely vulnerable to assassins with gap closers, you cant escape most bruisers, and you really feel the effects of your secret passive. You are basically like an AD carry, but with weaker abilities when it comes to staying safe. Also, nobody ever peels for you or protects you. The truth is, when you play Teemo, even your own team hates you and you have to spend the entire game proving yourself to them and proving that you picked right. You can get a triple kill and everybody will be 'meh'; you die once and they call you out for picking Teemo, trolling and feeding. You can do massive amounts of damage, your team won't care and I kid you not, they WILL NOT protect you in fights. As a Teemo, you cannot gank for shit, you cannot burst anyone down (until late game in some cases) and do any of the flashy plays other mids do. Its hard to carry a game on your own. If one of your lanes loses, they give up because there's a Teemo on their team, even if you are winning. Its not difficult to pull ahead in lane as Teemo, and you can choke the game out if you have an edge, but by God, if you are behind, it's ridiculously hard to win sometimes. Basically, with Teemo, you trade map control for shitty teamfights. Every champion brings something new to the game and players should adjust their playstyle accordingly. If the enemy wants to win, they should strategize and try to force fights where it's safe. They should try to catch somebody etc.
1	It's basicly the same as I said, i just forgot about the number of ferocity stacks. My logic behind this is that mana champions are easier to balance because you have another tool to use to nerf or buff the champion, besides CDs and values, but with 5 ferocity stacks you need to have very low mana costs so he could spam a lot because of his mechanics, but with 4 you could limit him by getting apropriate mana costs and create better counter play and at the same time have an "healthy" spamability so you can get the empowered skills in lane and team fights. (In before Muramana rengar.)   In my sugestion I kept the ferocity stacks because it's core to his mechanic and theme and I assume it's hard to code a double resource champion, specialy due to GUI restraints, so the best way to implement this is to have a stacking buff like Elise's spiders, Jax 3rd AA, etc.   About actual numbers on base damages and ratios, I have no idea, but making him a mana champion would making less of a hard champion to balance and Riot and the actual Rengar players, Rengar mains and good math theorycrafters to find out good numbers on him to have him achieve a relevant spot instead of a sort of "bad niche pick", since he doesnt fit as splitpusher anymore, assassin or tank, at least not as good a before but a very mediocre one. He's kinda on the same spot as Lee Sin now but with a weak laning and bad jungle sustain.   Also, I do not own Rengar, I'd like to buy him though, but I think I actually had a good idea to fix him.   And I don't think rengar has bad design, it has "too good design", which is even worse. Karma, as a support, has bad design, her spells don't fit laning fase, that's bad design. Rengar is, like you said, too good at everything.   edit:  Reading now some stuff, I think his heal could scale with AD, so if you build damage, it forces you to chose to heal in teamfights or burst with Q (despite with 4 stacks, like i sugested, both would be an easier feat to acomplish in a team fight). It's retarded to have an high %hp heal on a tanky champion with somewhat potential high dps (not like Maokai), and in lane it's not that "dangerous" because people for damage in top lane usually build arpen or BotrK nowadays. Also, his ulti shouldn't give all stacks but full-1, so you can chose what to use as an empowered ability while opening with another.
1	i get so sad when i read stuff like this. Sad in a "there is really no hope for the future of video games" kinda way. I guess i should just be happy that i had the pleasure to enjoy games till now.   That
1	They can have an exempt player, but not a non-exempt player.   Exempt non-resident: Helios, Dexter, Lustboy, Bjergson, entire LMQ team, Krepo, Seraph   Non-exempt non-resident: KaKao, Dandy, Faker, NaMei, Uzi, Froggen, GoGoing,   So, they can replace Amazing with Helios, or NoName but not with Dandy. They cannot replace Bjerg with Faker, but they can replace Bjerg with XWX.   There are ways to sign on non-exempts, through time. Say TSM wanted KaKao, but they can't sign him on immediately. KaKao would need to join the NA scene, and turns into a exempt non-resident, and then he can be transferred to TSM. That's just an example, I don't think there'll be a situation where this will actually happen.
1	i don't know what's wrong with your macbook but i have a 13" macbook pro from june 2011 running the official mac client, and the only reconnect/dc issues i've had were when i played on wifi with 3 people on the network at the same time. (bad idea, obviously, but supports my point)   my graphics are medium/low as well; no lowest.
1	Scrims don´t mean much - they are for testing out new champs/new comps/new strategies and practising to shotcall from behind/even/ahead. They also wanna get a feeling for the playstyle/weaknesses/vision control/champion pool of their opponents.
1	This will apply to ranked games mostly but some of it is for Normals too.   Katarina and Talon are both viable but there's a few things you have to get over. First, both of them are going to have situations in which they simply won't work. Neither of them should be first picks, ever. Katarina has the highest damage potential of any champion in the game, her ultimate is capable of doing over 10'000 damage with an end game build and a full duration. As such, if you first pick her, the enemy team are going to ram champions at you that all have disables, so you're pretty screwed. Talon is quite similar, he can be hard countered as well.   Gonna speak mainly about Kat, as she's my second favourite champion, played her a ton. Biggest thing you gotta figure out with these champions is Timing. You need a lot of awareness to keep track of what spells and abilities the enemies have on cooldown and pick the correct time to fight, or you will melt. If you notice the enemy have used all their disables, or there's an isolated champion with no means to defend themselves, that's when you attack. You never ever initiate as either of these champions.   Secondly, your laning phase is not going to be brilliant. Katarina inherantly has a disadvantage in lane, and has to exploit enemy mistakes in order to win her lane. Most champions except really shit laners like Veigar, are going to win your lane without help. Unfortunately, they both require a lot of farm to be effective. Essentially you have to be farming very well in a lane that is not going to be easy for you to do so. Ganks help and when you get level 6 on both, you have the potential to destroy squishies.   Thirdly, Katarina especially is as much dependant on your own team as she is on the enemy team. Even if the enemy team has a lot of disables, she can still work if you have a team that has disables as well. Your team can absorb or use disables themselves to allow you to get in and do your damage. Galio ult or Alistar Q are good examples since the enemy champions are disabled while you sit there channelling your ult. If your team can't disable the enemy team, you aren't going to do as well even if they have no disables, since they can still kill you fast.   Lastly, assassins such as Katarina, purely through her presence has a very harsh psychological effect on the enemy team. Most decent players will realise, "Right, there's an enemy Katarina, we  must  deal with her fast". This does a couple of things. First, usually you will have an AD carry who also has the capability to destroy the other team, use this to your advantage. Force the enemy team to choose between attacking you, or attacking your carry. They generally cannot do both unless the enemy assassins or anti carries are very well farmed or the AD carry makes a mistake. If they don't focus you, have fun with the penta kill, if they do, your AD carry can have fun. Secondly it is also going to heavily distract the enemy team because they are going to be paranoid waiting for you to make your move and try and disable you. Finally it also has the effect that sometimes, the enemy team will wait for so long for you to make your move that it gets to a point where they must blow their cc or they are going to die to your team, I think of it as a critical mass point. If you can force the enemy team to get to that stage where they must fight to survive, you can exploit that and go in afterwards.
1	God -.- do we realy need to upvote EVERY rage thread ? You cant play today oh whoo is me. You cant do anything anyway just wait.
1	I think you need to account for the active. Its really the big flaw with the items balance as 10% of your max HP is just going to rip anything apart. The thinking of it is "oh only melee can abuse this" but unless its nothing but a range on range game something melee is going to bashing on a carry who has a botrk active to burn. Or your trist who has 0 issue jumping into a team...
0	Violent video games are not shown to cause violence (excluding that all important fight to decide who gets first player). What people in the news misunderstand is that they have been proven to condition people, especially children and their gooey minds, with certain behaviors. The most educated people on the subject say many video games are a positive force inspiring thinking and problem solving so often left out of educations today.   What the media feeds on though is that this conditioning can result in violent behavior which is much more intense than the norm with less of an emotional response . Using an example from  On Combat  by Lt. Col. Grossman, (and I will paraphrase) a grade school child with no weapons training of any type was able to have a bullet to hit ratio higher than many in-training soldiers on range. Was the kid just a good shot? Not entirely, he held the pistol as seen on the screen (which was improper in a manner of speaking), and CONTINUED firing at RANDOM people after his bully had been shot. People he claimed after the fact he didn't even think about firing at, he just turned and fired. The important factors here are the video games he played displayed human targets and positively reinforced killing multiple targets of no particular nature. His problem though, was he was being bullied and reacted violently, as people have for years. But he was trained to kill without the weapons safety training that historically was required/given.
1	you need to beat people slightly ahead of you in order to advance, that's how a ladder system works.   they're not making you beat plat1 people in order to promo up from gold1.  it's all platV people that probably shouldn't be there in the first place
1	Heres your problem: Youre focusing way too much on the ladder, LP, divisions and promotions.   I was stuck in silver 4 for over SEVEN HUNDRED (700) games. All i cared about was desperately hitting gold. After i hit the 700 mark, i decided to just give up and accept the fact that id never be gold. I just started playing to get better and learn more.   I shot up to silver 1 in about a week. Im currently silver 2 again after some annoying internet issues causing me to lose some games, but im confident i can get back in.
1	LoL has taught me to never trust my team unless I handpicked them myself.   LoL has taught me that I should always sacrifice the well-being of random teammates in order to promote myself.   LoL has taught me that killing bugs is very important because they might drop gold or something.   LoL has taught me that there are many mentally retarded people on this planet.   LoL has taught me that greed is good. Except when diving or putting yourself in a possible fatal situation.   LoL has taught me to spend my energy conservatively. hue hue hue   LoL has taught me GG noobs is the only best way to end a game.   LoL has taught me that life sucks and it's unfair because LoL's matchmaking is like real life's matchmaking system imbalanced.   LoL has taught me that blind people can be blinded again.
1	Its disconcerting how people are acting in the thread.  I can try and make discusssion but its hard to articulate what i want so ill ramble and hope it comes out as id like it to.   I honestly can't tell anything from this switch till i see it.  Xmithie in soloq is actually a pretty huge rager, so his play looks worse in general, and soloq isnt a great indication of how good a person does in competitive play (with an easy example being mancloud being routinely camped in soloq because he pushes out early since its better for competitive but not having the countergank pressure a team environment provides lets him die pretty often).  However xmithie in terms of talent is slightly overrated.  I feel like theyre trying to make this an xpecial/turtle lane, when i think overall skill level its closer to a wiz/dream lane.  Solid but not overpowering.  From what ive picked up of interviews and small bits of scrim "listen ins" is that xmithie is fairly quiet except for calls themselves so bloodwater has to communicate lane pushing, overall health, timers, to the rest of the team, so trading/kill scenarios may be effected if they dont get enough synergy together   Ive seen zuna stream multiple times and hes pretty good at identifying the problem and putting a solution pretty quickly but i feel like he falls short in execution due to not actually enjoying soloq enough to practice mechanics.  I feel as though hes a bit like chauster was, enjoying competitive league, but not the game itself so he faulters in what should be instant reactions for someone spamming games.   Its a tough spot, but i feel like their early game is more heavily impacted from mancloud and bloodwater knowing their kill pressure, and putting benny under more pressure top usually forsaking it, to allow risks in the 2v2 and mid.  I dont ever believe it came from xmithies raw mechanical talent delivering kills. First split they admitted to mostly microing xmithie but were never known for early game, but rather incredible pick/ban and lategame comps, and second split when he took inititive to make more anticipatory calls they got the reputation for great early game.   Basically i feel like this is xdg trying to emulate the style of tsm, by having a really consistent top, kill pressure mid, and focusing the bottom half of the map as necessary to pick up objectives like dragon or early turrets.  I also feel like zunas indifference to soloq will be reflected IF major jungle changes take shape.  Vi, Eve, Olaf, Elise, Lee are mostly the meta champs, and zuna fairs better on the tanky ones.  If snowball jungles become popular, zuna may well be the cause of burden on his team, needing to be higher priority in kill taking might be detrimental to him.
1	The stupidest part is he berates the OP then his
1	If there's players out there good enough to go pro, they'll go pro regardless of gender; just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean that it never will.   From memory, the LoL infographic about players showed that over 90% of LoL players are  male , meaning less than 10% are female. That 10% include girls who only play for fun and have no interest in the ranked scene, only play occasionally and what-not.   Personally I'd rather not have it rushed just because people think it's unfair that the pro scene is currently fully male. Rushing things could (keyword:  could  ) result in having someone who isn't as dedicated to playing, lets down their team and/or gets the community into a position of thinking that girls can't play at a pro level.
1	Another misconception: your rating/league isn't meant to be how good of a player you are, it's how well you carry others to victory.  That's why so many top streamers and LoL teachers say focus on objectives, because that's the only way to directly raise the income of your teammates who may or may not be able to get gold themselves through farming or killing.  A Gragas who only has 90 cs and 1 kill will still be scary if his team also has 3 dragons 4 towers and a baron.  Now apply that to every one of your allies.
0	As the number of samples increases, the closer the data set comes to being gausian random numbers. So you can say the things you are refuting and be correct.
0	This is, by far, the worst evidence that has ever been provided for the subject.   First, you pulled a list of  outdated   college ratings . Not only do the educational institutes of a country not define its state in "science and technology" (a  very  broad and general field, by the way) but you did not even bother to read how the ratings are determined: >Ranking indicators include alumni and staff winning Nobel Prizes and Fields Medals, Highly Cited Researchers, articles indexed in Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCIE) and Social Science Citation Index (SSCI). Two new indicators were introduced, one is the percentage of articles published in the top 20% journals of each field, and the other is the engineering research expenditure. [(Source)](   These colleges and universities are home to more than 700,000 students [(source)]( from foreign countries that serve as representatives of their universities, not their countries. If you were to say that the United States is the largest ground for scientific experimentation would be an other, better-constructed statement.   Second, you provided a "technology index." The website's definition for ranking a country based on "technology" is: >The technology index denotes the country's technological readiness. This index is created with such indicators as companies spending on R&D, the creativity of its scientific community, personal computer and internet penetration rates.   Now, "companies spending on R&D" should raise a huge flag since it is privately funded and does not necessarily promote advances in technology. Second, "The creativity of its scientific community" who is the judge of that?!. And to me "personal computer and internet penetration rates" just sounds like consumer capitalism, which is a huge part of American life only and does not adequately represent the technology advances of other countries.
1	HAHAHA!!! So now we know why TSM's rotations and macro strategy fucking SUCKS! Because their owner/manager/whatever thinks "the game early is just about farming and surviving" lmfao!!! :'D Well...I can understand the frustration of casual viewers or bronze players because the pro game is so different from a solo queue game and they can't relate/dont really understand what is going on or what should be going on. But than again...if you kick the ball with a couple of friends in the backyard...you can't compare that to a professional soccer match either. So w/e. But for REGINALD to say that...lol. I mean laneswaps add such a depth of strategy to the game...just watch a 3 year old vod and compare it to today...maybe there were a couple more kills in the early game 3 years ago. HURRAY! But the game was way more straight forward and easy strategic whise..all you had to think about back then was having a team comp with synergy and you were good to go.   Riot IS taking the wrong approach though. It's just an other point. Which is how Riot, for some unknown dumb "Hi I am Phreak: Bo3 is better than Bo5 because the better team will win in Bo3 and Bo5 is just waste of time"-logic, hates lane swaps and always try their hardest to make them impossible. But since those balancing monkeys have no clue what so ever how any changes they make impact the game, they end up making a change that FORCES everyone into lane swapping...which actually is really hilarious :D (like the no early trinket meta...jeez that was dumb)
1	Here is my experience with LoL on Mac and Windows 10 beta via Bootcamp on my 2010 MacBook Pro :     Loading time is about 20 sec with Windows, and about 2 min with OS X.     To have the same FPS (45-60), I have to play on the lowest graphic settings on Mac and with medium graphics on Windows. However, changing my visual settings, or Alt-Tab during loading or game on Windows make me have 7 to 15 fps every games until I close and restart the client.     (Not very important but) the Victory/Defeat on SR picture hasn't been updated on Mac (it's been 1 week since I don't play LoL on Mac so if it has been updated, my bad).     The colors/brightness of the game are/is darkened on Mac so it's sometimes disturbing (why still no gamma option m8 ? DotA 2 have one).       For the people saying that " ololol games aren't optimized for Mac even though I never touched a Mac in my life", Here are some game I played that run with the same performance on Windows 10 and OS X : Civilization V Diablo III WoW HearthStone Minecraft Starcraft DotA 2   And I bet HotS will be running with the same performance on Mac.   A game shouldn't be optimized for a particular OS, but should be optimized for all OS it has been developed for.   I prefer having no new champion for many month and have a fix who increase performance instead.
0	Oh dear, here comes the misinformation. I'm used to people forgetting about varied state laws and/or having no clue as to what the rules really so let's just get through this:   > You cite the passing rule because of "emergency vehicles" but if you're speeding it's not legal, which you certainly are.     Grossly incorrect assumption that passing = speeding. I often pass people going 10-15mph slower than the speed limit while I maintain it. I wont even go into the legalities of momentary speeding while passing in some areas.   Note that I said "passing/left" lane which is important because not all states are passing only. You can legally "cruise" in it provided you aren't impeding traffic. Often unenforced and people are unaware it exists.   In many states speed is technically irrelevant to the statute. If you impede on the left, you impede. Sometimes it's based off # of cars stuck behind you (mountain passes for example) or other variations. Of course, if you're at 95mph doing it you're also breaking  that  law.      > Traffic happens because of volume not because of drivers on the road that prevent you from driving like you're on the autobahn.     Actually, there are various studies/models that have shown traffic is often caused by [ripple effect]( incidents such as improper lane changes, adjusting for slow left traffic and other factors ([MIT paper]( way beyond just volume only.    You may joke about the Autobahn but damn if they didn't get that one right...and it's not because of the "unlimited" speed.    So yes, things like driving improperly can actually cause traffic and make it worse for everyone. Not just those "asshole speeders" you think we must all be to be annoyed by slow right traffic.     edit -
1	I agree that these would all help new and current players. The one thing that comes to mind though, is that there is 100+ champions and each champion has such a unique playstyle and set of abilities which can only be learned and mastered through practice. During the time of this practice, players tend to learn the general mechanics of the game such as kiting, csing, builds, etc. and improve in all parts of the game, although sometimes slowly.
0	Actually I just reminded myself of another karma related occasion.  In first grade I sat next to a kid who also was named Luke.  We had to be quiet for some reason, but I decided to be an A-hole and talk to the people around me.  Anyways teacher heard me, then said "Luke, put your name on the board!"  (Putting your name on the board meant no recess for you.) The teacher continued her work, and I turned to the Luke on my right, nudged him, and whispered to him to put his name on the board.  He looked at me in disbelief and actually wrote it down.  He asked me later what he had done to deserve the punishment, and I responded that I had not the faintest clue.
0	Ugh. I hate people like this. When I was in high school, we used to listen to the generic top 40's station (which was actually any of the top 40's of 7 years ago ±3 years) or country music on the bus to school, but one time we had a substitute bus driver that let us put on whatever we want. Some guy put on metal, and this whiny bitch was like "escuse me. ESCUSE MEE, I REEEALLY DON'T LIKE THIS. Is he listenin-I RREEEALLY DON'T LIKE THIS." So the bus driver put the music back to "Today's Best Music". I'm not a fan of music, but it was a nice change to the same old shit we listened to every day. Anyway, the bus driver came back and all the metal heads were like "ASSQUEUES ME, I REEEEALLY DON'T LIKE THIS" again and again the whole ride until the driver put on classical music. The last sentence of this story never actually happened.
0	Got my Paypal hacked a few weeks back. Only noticed when I started getting invoices sent to my email for services I didn't recall. Not only was my debit card info taken, but my email was just thrown around. Jokes on them, though, since I closed that particular bank account months ago. Still. Paypal didn't do much to remedy the situation or at least investigate
0	This will get lost but...   After people start having kids and divorcing it flips for any male who has a decent job.  Women realize the errors of choosing deadbeats and any successful male spends their time flicking through the messages of interested women.   My dad is  just teacher and he had his pick of the litter.  Can't imagine what the dating scene is like for an Accountant.
1	Odds are when people do something and it doesn't work out, they know not to do it again. They don't need you asking why. That puts people on tilt because the answer is nearly always "I thought it was a good idea" and the result is usually going to be "I now know it wasn't and wont be doing it again". If they don't learn, you don't have to play with them again so what does it matter?
1	That's impossible. If you had the skin redemption code but not riven then you got the s2 icon, riven champion, an championship riven skin. Either you are lying or confused with the icon redemption only, which you received for watching the s2 championship online, rather than buying tickets and watching it live.
0	I think the larger issue this is alluding to, is women who are post feminism and may even consider themselves feminist, who assume that it means equality for sexes, rather than the empowerment of women.   The empowerment of women is separate from men entirely as well as the issue of equality (which one would assume is a standard belief held by the majority.) That empowerment is important, but no woman should seek gratification in being sexist, demeaning or stereotyping males anymore than men should seek gratification from it. That's kind of the point.
1	You would need to post a picture to really get someone to believe you.
1	1. - Masteries  I'd like to point out I dislike the use of "support masteries" here. Utility masteries would probably fit better, and I do think that most of the utility masteries are neither exclusive to supports, nor underwhelming. Also, while it is true that supports spec into the Utility tree to get extra gold, mana regeneration, and sometimes movement speed to help them perform their role better, I myself (and most other support players I meet) rarely put the full 21 points into the Utility tree, since the Defense tree provides much more survivability. (You can't support anything when you're dead, after all.) I think this is not so much a problem with "support masteries" as much as it is a problem with the higher Utility masteries being somewhat underwhelming.   2. - Champion Availability  This is a much discussed issue within the community, and, from what I gather, within Riot Games too. There are only a few supports that are considered viable right now, but I think your analysis of which ones is slightly off (as others have pointed out already, so I won't go into that too much). The reasoning behind this, from what I've gathered from posts from Riot employees, is that first of all, there simply aren't as many people interested in supporting. This is mostly to do with the general premise of supporting, so I don't think there's much to be done about that. Second, making supports balanced is incredibly difficult. Riot needs to strike a very fine balance between utility, damage, scaling, defensive stats and a whole slew of other things that might mean a support is overpowered. We saw supports being used in other roles (usually AP mid) and absolutely destroying everything there. The combination of so much utility plus having the gold to build damage items means there's very little counterplay there. Nevertheless, I will grant you this point. There are very few supports, and there should probably be a few more. However, even with a lot of champions available, there will always be just a few champions that are deemed 'better' than the rest. If we had 100 support champions to choose from, I'd bet my left foot we'd still only play about a dozen or so.   3. - Itemization  This is also discussed frequently, and it is an issue I see in other roles, not only support. Take a look at AD or AP carries for example. The item builds within those roles are nearly identical from champ to champ, but the champion itself is what sets everything apart. While there are a lot of items out there that could theoretically be built, the community has judged all of them and deemed the items we use now to be 'the best' (see also what I just said about champion availability). Now, this isn't to say that some items that have been designed for the support role (looking at you, Locket of the Iron Solari) kind of missed the point. Also, it's not like I wouldn't like to see more diversity in item builds, but this is an issue that is spread across all the roles, and one that Riot seems to be trying to address in Season 3. We'll have to wait and see.   4. - Attitudes and Recognition  This is one of the major problems with supports at lower levels. Only they are warding, and they are sacrificing their ability to build other items for this purpose. Yes, that sucks. However, I don't really see a way for Riot to change supports in such a way that the rest of the team will start warding or respecting supports more, without altering the basic premise of support.   Now, as for your next point, I agree. It is often difficult to tell how well you did as a support based purely on the stats provided by the game. A bad support can rack up a lot of assists if they get carried by their team. A good support can have atrocious stats but still win the game for their team. What I don't see however, is why this should matter. Support is about doing as much as you can with as little as you have, and playing well is more important than racking up CS/kills/having a nice little number of how many ganks you prevented. You know you did well. Sometimes, even your team recognizes you did well. Whenever I support an AD carry, I often get compliments for my support play during or at the end of the game. A good support wins lanes. A mediocre support is just there to feed their carry health and mana and hope they will carry.   This last sentence brings me onto my next point quite nicely. Supports  can  carry. While it is true that you are relying on your team to deal damage for you and make good decisions, supports have a powerful impact on the game, most prominently during the laning phase. A good support counter wards, harasses and zones the enemy, keeps tabs on jungler presence, and much more. In many cases you are basically your carry's eyes and ears, looking out for any danger so they can focus nearly all of their attention to farming and/or killing the enemy. In the early game, it is the support that carries the carry, not the other way around. Of course, you need to work together with your carry. Of course you do. It's a 2v2 lane, not a 1v2 lane with another person just there for the ride. I see many, many bot lanes lose simply because the support and the carry aren't on the same page. This is part of what makes bot lane different from any other lane.   Now, I realize I'm crossing over into the next point a bit, but even in the late game, most supports have a very real impact on the game. It is usually the task of the support to either disrupt the enemy team (Leona, Janna, Blitzcrank, sometimes Alistar), or prevent the enemy from killing your carries. A well placed stun, a nicely timed Shurelya's, a quick Exhaust on that bruiser that just dove your carry, all of these things influence a teamfight immensely. Not to mention the map control you can provide with wards and Oracle's. While it is difficult to gauge just from looking at the stats, supports have a huge impact on the game, and thus I would conclude they can carry. However, they don't carry like carries do. Again, supports aren't carries. They shouldn't be judged by the same standards.   5. - Support isn't fun  I touched upon this in the previous point a bit, but I feel that nearly all supports have abilities that feel like they have a big impact, either by setting up kills for your team or preventing their team from killing yours. If you don't think support is fun, that is fine. You're allowed to not like certain roles within the game. I doubt there is anyone who can honestly say "I love every single role and I have trouble choosing which one to play every game I play". I personally don't like jungling. I get raged on, I get counterjungled, I botch ganks, I basically do everything wrong that a jungler could do wrong. I. Don't. Like. Jungling. Does that mean jungling isn't fun? Sort of. It isn't for me. Is it fun for other people? Yes it is.   I would like to point out that people who say "If you don't like support, you're doing it wrong" are usually right. However, it's okay to dislike a role, and I don't expect Riot to somehow make every role fun for everyone. People have different tastes, and so they like different things. Some people like to support, setting up kills, defending their carries, helping out in more subtle ways. Others like to be upfront and unkillable, so they play tanks. Still others like to see big numbers when they attack, so they play carries. It is all a matter of preference, and I don't see support as being the only role that is "not fun". I would say though, that supports (along with junglers) probably fulfill the most misunderstood role.     So. This turned out to be quite the essay, haha. I hope I didn't somehow lose my point somewhere in that huge wall of text. If you made it this far, congratulations and thank you for reading. I'm looking forward to your reply, because yours is an opinion many people share, and I would like to hear what kind of solutions you may have thought up for this problem.
1	Pantheon main here. Pantheon in the early stages is extremely reliant on mana, you can take advantage of this buy buying early sustain such as, cloth 5 or crystalline flask, this will quickly run him out of mana. After this you want to build a armour item such as sun fire cape, after that you can build some damage or more tank depending on your champ and who's winning. When I play pantheon I find my hardest counters are Shen, Chogath, Malphite, Udyr. They absolutely crush me, the worst being Shen.
1	Hey guys,   I am  CBNemesis , I am from  The Netherlands  and I am a designer & plat 3 League player.   My  Twitch channel  is:   Since my channel is mainly about desiging wallpapers for you, I'll show you my  album:   I like to design wallpapers for free for people. Since its live you also can correct some stuff you dont like (as example, you want a different front.) Thats what it makes fun for me to do, I can be interactive with my viewers/users of my wallpapers. I also try to help people with questions about the program I use (photoshop cs6). And of course when you have tips ofr me feel free to share them. I still do it in my spare time for about 3 months now. I dont do an education or something for it.   But sometimes I do stream games aswell. I play with my viewers or friends (depends on viewer count). Since I am from The Netherlands I'll usually talk dutch unless someone asks me to talk in English. (Usually I only have dutch viewers so far). But I am willing to talk in English!   I do not have a schedule yet due to school & work, but I'll look to make one in the future.   Hope to see you soon on my channel and have a nice day!   ~NemesisCB
1	Still, playing Vi mid isn't breaking the meta. It is like saying Faker is breaking the meta by playing Riven mid. No, he is just playing a single champion that was not made at first to go to midlane. Nothing unseen, nothing unfamiliar.   The problem on League of Legends people don't use the kit of their champion correctly. On DotA you can play the hero you want on the lane you want. It takes much more time on League of Legends for people to realize that.
0	DUIs ARE awful but people place all the blame on the driver when the bars serving alcohol should in my opinion be responsible as well. I would argue that bars should be required to provide breathalyzers to those before they leave or when the bartenders have evidence the patron may be over the limit. not excusing the behavior at all but a inexperienced or alert drinker may not know their BAC and because they don't feel it don't know they are over the limit.
1	Froggen is without a doubt the best Anivia player in the world. EG (previously CLG.EU) has some ridiculous win rate with Froggen on Anivia -- even beating out M5 a few times at their prime. On top of that, EG's whole team strategy - turtle until super late game - is a perfect match with Froggen's Anivia.
1	Let me preface my statement by saying that I don't want to take anything away from your accomplishment, kudos.   That said, your achievement is more likely a product of both your state of mind and drive to prove your point as valid. You have no real control in your 'experiment' because of the fact that your play and motivations were vastly different between your main and smurf.   Essentially; How often do you think you played just a little bit better on your smurf to prove your point? How often do you think you played a little bit worse on your main because you thought you were stuck?   You may not have conciously done those things, but it is very likely that you played differently because you were in a different environment. You would probably be surprised to see how well people can perform when they are taken out of their native environment.
0	Funny story that'll probably get lost since this post is now 11 hours old:   When I was sixteen, my best friend had a wealthy grandfather who lived in Florida. He would go to Florida each summer and spend a few weeks down there. Now, he hated it,. His grandfather was a hard ass and all around mean, but to me, it sounded awesome. So I mentioned that I would go with him that summer. He was stoked that he would finally have someone his age there with him, we both had our licenses and his grandpa lived in West Palm Beach which is summer city, full of hot women, and I'd get to finally have a summer that didn't involve sitting around the house the whole time. His grandpa agreed and even bought me my ticket. Man, we were so damn excited.   We talked about it every day for a month. We talked about everything we were going to do, and how many girls we'd meet. Everything was going to be amazing.   The day before our trip finally arrived, and we decided to drive up to the airport early. I mean, really early. Our flight was at 6am, and we drove to the airport at midnight. We didn't care. We were just so excited to go do our own thing. We decided that we'd just go park in the long term lot and hang out for five hours and sleep on the plane. So we got there at midnight, parked and proceeded to dick around in the parking lot for the next four hours.   We threw a nerf football over people's cars. We found a huge spiderweb and caught crickets to put in its web. We played music super loud. We skateboarded down empty roads. Security showed up eventually and thought it was hilarious we were so early for our flight. He checked up on us every now and then but was really cool overall. We had a great time waiting for our awesome adventure to begin.   At about 4am we were sitting in the car getting ready to catch one of the shuttles to the airport. We were getting our stuff together, tickets, hats, sun glasses, etc, when my friend says 'what's the date?' I glanced at my watch and told him it was the sixth. He looked at me and held up the ticket. 'The fucking flight isn't until the 7th,' he said back to me. It suddenly dawned on us that we had driven down on a Friday night for a Sunday morning flight. Also, it wasn't like the airport was close. It was three hours away. After we finally decided that we were idiots and the ticket wasn't wrong, we drove all the way back home and had to walk into my mom's house at 7am to explain to her how dumb we were. She thought it was hilarious.   So we slept half of the day, drove back to the airport with a tenth of the enthusiasm the following morning at like 2am and were all messed up with our sleep by the time we got to Florida.  Really though it ended up being a sign of things to come. The trip sucked. His grandpa made us do like four hours of yard work every day for the first five days of our two week trip. Then, a hurricane popped up and his mom made us both come home six days in.
1	My god. Look, I totally get that there are certain rules in place, and if you're not going to enforce them, you can't seriously expect people to comply with them. That said, I do seriously think a particular person has a stick up a particular part of their body. Sure, there's a reason to remove said thread - but that doesn't make it  reasonable  to do so.   I'm just thinking back to that one thread about Rammus where everyone just started spamming "Ok.". Was it against the rules? Yeah. But it was also absolutely hilarious.
1	Are they really? front page now i don't see shit about morgana, 1 about a streamer, 1 about a bug, and 1 about a skin concept. That leaves 22 other possible things to be on the standard 25 link front page.. I see multiple discussion about the game itself, forum posts, discussions about worlds, client requests, item fixes, patch discussion, and a bunch of other things. The best part is that the ones that actually talk about the game are the ones that have the most upvotes. Not fanart, streamer highlights or any of the shit that is "so popular" on reddit. So no, you fucking suck.
0	I prefer big women and am an ass / legs guy... ass & legs surround a woman's reproductive center, so liking that makes sense.   What doesn't make sense is when men are into breasts, which serve the purpose of feeding children, and like it when a woman's behind looks like a young boy's.  Freud would have some interesting things to say about what our society finds attractive in women.
0	So whilst having a discussion on abortion in my ethics class the typical "rape scenario" came up. Most of the class agreed that an abortion under that circumstance was acceptable BUT this one curly headed fuck (who might I might add is a 2 time senior and is in a 100 level ethics class) boldly raised his had and asked "What if the rapist wanted that baby? couldn't he take that woman to court and fight for paternal rights?"
1	I really like how Lemon touched on the significance of some of the item buffs, and how significant they really are. I really like this lolclass video, It's significantly better than
1	Also, I should point out that while chinese forums tend to make fun of players in LoL, it's never intended to hurt the players' feelings. "Making fun" in chinese culture can be very different than that in western culture. Here, on reddit, if it's not clearly stated that it's just a "fun trashtalk thread", any bashing will be taken as toxic, poisonous insults.
0	One explanation:   When I was a kid, around 5 years old, I just KNEW that racism was logically wrong. How can one judge based on skin color? It didn't make sense. My parents were semi-racist (not hateful but would make racist remarks and judgments) and I knew it didn't make sense.   Now that I'm older. I know it doesn't make sense. However, it's not that simple.     You interact with more people. You see different things and you start making judgment. It's no longer a "clean slate" anymore. You have past experiences that you based your judgments on. It's human nature     There is a correlation between race and other factors such as culture, socioeconomic background, etc. This is mainly where stereotypes come from. Imagine: You're a taxi driver in Harlem at 2am. You see a guy walking down the street who is black and is wearing baggy pants. He hails at you. A block away you see a white man in a polo and khakis who also hails at you. Is it racist to drive past the black man to pick up the white man? Is it reasonable? As a taxi driver your life may be at stake for every passenger you pick up. Hence, you grasp onto any advantage you have based on stats or past experience or anecdotes. Statistically, you are more likely to be robbed by a black person than a white person in Harlem (reasons are many, some of which are socioeconomic reasons). His clothes may show his background; it may hint that he is poor. You don't want to be a racist but on a dark, isolated street you know that statistically, picking this person up may lead to more dangerous results. You've heard about anecdotes of fellow taxi drivers being robbed by black men. Even though it's racist to deny the black man service, is it reasonable?       Arguably yes. When your life is at stake, you must do whatever you can to get any statistical advantage you can. It's "racist" but there is a basis for it. However, at what cost? The social cost here is huge. For every extra % of survival you get, a black person is being denied service. Aggregating this behavior, you get a massive effect that is aggravated further by this.   This is the danger of stereotypes. Even if there is a basis for them (and most of the time, there is), acting upon it aggravates the circumstances and imposes a huge social cost.   We don't recognize the social cost. A lot of us are racist and justify it by saying "what? It's true. X people do this kind of thing all the time." It may be, and there may be certain times when making judgments based on race is arguably more justified (extreme examples: racial profiling for terrorist suspects) (note: "arguably" justified). However, many stereotypes and prejudgments are not justified. It's understandable that we subconsciously or even consciously have them since it's human nature to adapt to information around us. However, we should not act or judge based on race. Many who claim they aren't "racist at all" are those who manage to push past these stereotypes to judge beyond the superficial and give each individual a chance.
0	Unless you're feeling particularly gaseous and would rather just get it out all at once.  One time, I didn't release it all, so during sex when it was just getting good, I ended up farting every other thrust.  I started laughing, she started hitting me while telling me not to stop, which only made me laugh more.  All the while, though I was hoping these were only going to be farts, I had to not only focus on her, but focus on making sure I don't gamble with a fart and lose.
1	I got an Xpecial smurf in one of my games and I was completely drunk. I managed to get first blood on their mid by doing a really stupid flash and Q as Ahri that should have got me killed, then kept exchanging kills with their mid (which I guess is better than feeding relentlessly). The whole time he was really nice, explaining stuff to his support bot lane on how to trade, and making calls as he played Graves. He never raged. He messed up once and apologized. I normally don't really remember when I get high elo players in blind picks, but he was so nice to everyone it stood out.   Then he said he wasn't Xpecial after I tried in horrible English to thank him for the carry, but he was streaming the next day as the same name.
0	Staying grounded- That's where true happiness stays true. Money will buy you everything you ever dreamed of having, and when you've experienced all the materialistic things this Earth has to offer, you become jaded, and you start to slip. This is why so many rich and famous people become drug addicts- they have had it all, now they want to numb themselves. I sometimes think about what I would do if I won a big lottery. I immediately think of all the shit I would buy, everything I ever wanted. But then this kind of depression slips into my head. The very though of "having it all, then what?" feeling. Then I start to think about starting organizations to help the less fortunate, getting all my family in nice homes and being financially free. Living out a simple life of giving back to others. It's the only way I could live rich I think, otherwise I would turn into this over powered maniac.
1	I'm sorry but I hate the whole 'players should fight each other, not the game' philosophy. Book-keeping is, and should be, a relevant skill in League, just like keeping timers for yourself before they introduced the on-screen ones. The further you take this idea, the more you end up spoon-feeding the player info with little or no effort required.
1	Well Ive had it for a couple days (OCE Server) and finally yesterday I came across a team that also had it, well 3 other members of my team did. we all decided to do it and it was, honestly pretty cool. none of them were little kids either, all 20+ like me.   And you would be surprised how much less toxic people are when you can hear their voice.   we lost and got stomped haha, but it was all fun and we all added eachother afterwards.   People always say that toxicity comes from hiding behind a screen on the internet, but I think its more specific, I think it comes from hiding behind a keyboard, you can write whatever, but when you are talking to the guys, you have a little more respect for them because you can sort of relate to them I guess?
1	The point of the response was to explain his point of view of the situation. He gave the Doublelift conversation context, further explained the state of  the team and correlated it to how it can effect someone, and directly gave reason for thinking the way he does. As a captain he cannot hide from the truth that there are flaws in his team, and as a captain it is his job to remedy the situation. This debacle rose from the need for change hitting at another's emotional boiling point.
1	Not really, many people beg to differ as you see Mujapro agrees with my reasoning (and gets upvoted for it, proving other people do agree with it as well) The problem is most people dare not state their point of view because the immature people just downvote them, the same people who are downvoting me are the people who go: "GG EASY" in games with a leaver/afker/intentional feeder. It is an evaluation of the game, You cannot say gg (which is short for good game) without evaluating saying it's courtesy is, from my point of view, hiding behind "being polite" to keep up a way of legally harassing people.
1	It doesn't matter how good he were, talking like that about yourself is... yeah, "arrogant" at least.   What I got from this Link vs. Double vs. Chauster vs. whoeverisnext thing is:
1	Paying customers deserve a sense of entitlement, we are the ones funding their game. Our input is critical to the success of their business model, they still make money from you playing, regardless if you spend RP or not: You're giving them publicity by adding to their growing playerbase.   Not to mention their sponsored events will take into account the numbers of players they have and will pay Riot accordingly. i.e: Oh, we have  X  amount of users who are going to be notified you're sponsoring this event, we want this amount of money.   Riot did sell out though, when they sold off to that Korean company: Since then, they have been producing new champions each week. Each for 975RP and each of them completely overpowered for the game mechanics, which is why people buy them, for that edge over the game until the next patch. Don't let them fool you, they are making a lot of money, if they weren't: They simply wouldn't continue hosting the game.   Now, when people start bashing on Riot on the forums because of some down time or something like that: That's wrong. People shouldn't do that, but complaining over something they expect you to buy with RP and not being able to have it permanently, yeah, that's justified.
1	I spent 15 minutes trying to get back into a game after the firewall error. According to my friend who was in the game, it never said I DCed. When I finally got reconnected to the game after 15 minutes, it gave me the pop-up saying I've been inactive and will now be booted. It counted those 15 minutes as AFK, not DC and so I was out of the game again! Hit reconnect and firewall error yet again.
1	I played ranked right after I got 30 In season 2.  I stayed in bronze for about two months or so until I got to around 1300 Elo by the end of the season.  I stopped ranked for a while and only played normals for like 200 games. My win rate was about 76 percent or so and eventually I played with plats and diamond pretty frequently, but at the time I didn't know that I was.  Anyway, my win rate with these players a enraged to about 50-55 percent.  I returned to ranked about 3-4 months in S3 and climbed from bronze four to diamond 5.
0	No one should be told that their body type makes them any less real than that of the next person. Everyone should be recognized as a human being worthy of just plain existing.   With that being said, I know that I myself have felt invisible whenever I look at pictures of women online, pictures of women in magazines, women on tv, looking at women in ads, and even when I'm walking around school. I feel invisible because my weight hides my value as a human being, apparently. I don't get to see people like me in the media without it being for a special reason.   I do not agree with anti-thin pages (hating anyone for their appearance is ridiculous), but I also do not see any issue with fat acceptance. Why? Because is it really that much that larger people ask to be accepted as humans? Maybe they could go online and see pictures of people like them without it getting a negative response, or not be hated just for their appearance... Yes, they can change the way they look, but it's not instant. That obese person you just saw walking by you may have already lost weight, but some people are still going to think of them as disgusting and lesser than human.
1	Ranked games start at a higher elo than normal games, but you also generally start normals when learning the game and don't get to play ranked until you've been playing awhile (meaning a player who starts ranked and normals at the same time will have a better win/loss in the normals than the ranked, but under standard circumstances you'll never start both at the same time).   The main thing to remember though is that win/loss ratio does not correspond to your elo, you can be platinum with a negative win/loss (see bigfatmissy last season) and 800 elo with a positive win/loss.
1	Reposted from a topic on Pantheon, but still relevant...   You can't build a balanced game on poorly designed foundations. Riot has a somewhat problematic record of nerfing champions first and items or masteries later, leaving champions whose entire strength depended on abusing a particular game design flaw in a nearly unplayable state. Fortunately, it is not always the case, and Riot handled the early AD mid craze in Season 3 the right way by nerfing the Black Cleaver and filling a gap in AP early armour itemization instead of blanket nerfs to every AD mid laner. Itemization (including runes and masteries) is a huge balance issue that shouldn't be ignored, but on the contrary prioritized over champion balance.   As far as the jungle is concerned, Ancient Golem being utter trash matters more than most players think. As strong as the early S4 junglers may be, the S3 metagame favoured the early game even more, and yet tanks had the upper hand due to the sheer power of tank items. There's a reason five out of the six strongest junglers right now favour SotEL over SotAG despite being able to build either of them. Hell, the only reason Elise even builds SotAG is that she can't really use anything else.
0	That's not exactly how goodwill works. They don't hire disabled people to work for them for under minimum wage. It's part of their mission statement to provide employment opportunities for people who may find it difficult to get a job. So they offer programs for severely disabled people where they pick them up from their homes and feed them and basically get them out of the house and give them a purpose for awhile. Do they pay them minimum wage? No. But they do pay them and if they paid them more they would lose their disability from the government which is much more than a minimum wage part time job.
1	I  USED  to have the same problem, I THINK i know what the problem was and i fixed it, What i do, is i find when i buy my bortk, its kind of highlighted like my mouse is hovering over it, and if i try to use it when its like a weird highlighted color, it doesnt EVER EVER Go off, so what i do is slide my my mouse over it right after buying, and it like un-highlights, and it works everytime from then on
1	People talk a lot about the SC2 ranks system in this subforum but it's pretty easy to tell that they don't know how it actually works and why it wouldn't fix anything.   First off, the displayed ELO ranking in League is actually a more accurate representation of your skill than a SC2 rank is. I'll explain why in a second but the most important distinction between the two is that YOU KNOW what your ELO is at any given point, this is not true in Starcraft.   In Starcraft, there are 6 main ranks (and GM, but that's special) but there is variation in every rank based on division. Divisions are groups of 100 people within a certain rank and they are rated against one another (so if you're #1 in your division, you have a higher rating than the other 99 guys there). But  the divisions themselves are tiered  meaning that two people in the same rank but separate divisions could be wildly different in skill. There are more tiers in the lower leagues, which leads to a whole host of weird problems. Posts like "I'm rank 1 bronze and can't get into silver, what gives?" are pretty common, because no one understands that their rank is meaningless and they are in one of the lower tiers of bronze and actually not good enough to move up to silver. This is true for all leagues, but the upper ones have fewer tiers as people start playing the game more or less correctly the higher you go (plat and diamond have like 2-3 ranks, whereas bronze has 7). It's not until Masters that you actually enter a league with one rank, this is also where it starts showing your w/l ratio (oh BTW that's hidden for 98% of the population unless you manually track it).
1	Hey, Alex, Imma let you finish, but I want to take a minute to recognize Legion.   I've been a big fan of Legion for a long time and always knew that they had a hell of a lot of potential.  When I first saw them in the qualifiers for MLG Providence (and at the tournament itself), they demonstrated a very high talent ceiling but looked like they needed a lot of practice.  They've been playing catch-up to other pro teams, since, and I'm SO HAPPY to see them really break out here.   They've been inconsistent in the past, and hampered by their constant inability to get all five members to events.  While they would probably be doing even better with pr0lly in mid, Wild Turtle is doing an awesome job as a sub.  In Anaheim for MLG, they lost Lautemortis and didn't perform up to their potential, but now they're coming in guns blazing.   Props to Demunlul, who is, in my humble opinion, one of the best AD Carry players in NA.  He's been putting the team on his back and, combined with some sick jungling out of Laute, really leading the team to victory.
1	upvotes are  meant  to only be for comments which contribute to the discussion, and downvotes are  supposed  to be for comments which take away from the discussion.   thus karma would be a scale of how much you make reddit better, based roughly on karma/years.   however, upvotes are more often than not used for "OMG that was so funny!" or "I agree with this statement, because it is in line with my own views"  and downvotes are being used for "I disagree with this statement" or "that was stupid." It's not like that everywhere on Reddit, but it is enough to dilute the effectiveness of karma for its original purpose.
1	Hi Stonewall.   Could you please list somewhere in the article the several champions you consider to be the best ones for the current meta?   I know it is in the youtube clip, but it would be a nice "
1	No more outrunning Irelia as AD carry.  Queen of toplane again.
1	Another Starcraft reference, but Elo is a lot like APM.   There's a lot of people who try to play faster and gain APM, but they don't gain skill.  When you focus on gaining skill, your APM will naturally rise to a point that's relative to your skill level..the same goes for Elo.   Sometimes going faster is going slower.  In this case, trying to find "a shortcut" to gaining Elo is going to make you more depressed than simply playing to get better and watching it grow from that.
0	if you get hacked once, im pretty sure the hacker could get your other password too, even if it was different.   plus, if you used different passwords for everything, "someone could use the information they get from one account to compromise the other ones"
1	I dunno man...with my trundle build, I've cleared very quickly. Max Q into max W as a laner, and as far as build goes I go 9/21 and flat AD red/quint, per lvl mr blue, flat armor yellow....Go in whatever order needed randuins/tf/bork/merc/sv/either LW or Mogs depending on if team needs you hitting harder or tanking better....You eat faces either way, and you can easily transition from an early/mid game tanky damage menace to a late game peeler who slows divers of your ADC for days. His damage remains respectable all game, and his ult/bork ensures no tanks can easily beat him. Keep in mind my build with LW does 289 AD or so on about a 2.2 AS with 3400+ hp and 160 each of armor/mr at 400 MS or so. It's quite disgusting. LW loses you some armor pen (Armor is an easy counter to his damage, but not his tank shred/peel potential so...) but mogs would make you that much tankier and make his ult that much stronger.   Keep in mind with BORK/TF and the AS boost from 9 offense, he can reach between 2.02 and 2.2 AS while on W...something like 1.6-1.8 without W. He hits like a truck and he hits FAST. Even as a laner, as long as you're not spamming W and running entire durations between Qs, you never really run out of mana especially if you pick up an early mana crystal and/or sheen for the mana.   EDIT - On the other hand, as a jungle trundle you'd wanna max E into Q if you're gank heavy. E for improvement of ganks, Q for early/mid game damage steal. if you're a bit more farm oriented in early game with him, rush a lizard or golem fist into cutlass/bork with merc treads whenever possible, and you can slow even better at a time in the game where people are transitioning to mid game tactics, leaving some lanes rather vulnerable to ganks they'd long since think undoable. Ya gotta know timings for that though, farm too 'long' and you've missed your opportunity...farm too 'little', and you've likely missed timings for early ganks with pre boot situations where your E is strongest.   One could argue jungle trundle doesn't need E maxed first if he's farm heavy as Q would suffice with slow or W could give MS for chase...but honestly with my idea of 'farm early' with jungle trundle, you'd start ganking at 8-10, so you'd still need E maxed first, or at the least at 3-4 points.
0	Edit: Boston  Red Sox  fans/game.
1	I actually do agree with this one. I was playing a ranked game (one out of the seven i have). We had a pantheon that wanted to go top. but he didn't say anytihng in chat. at all. he endeed up vs'ing a cho and i went xin jungle. he was doing ok. but he was building really weird. and doing really weird stuff. like going all in at level 2 when the enemy had the minion advantage and stuff. eventually i think we won so i decide to go check his lolking because he built a chalice on pantheon too. so i see he has no rune nor mastery pages. +he never said in anything at chat at all so there was a serious lack of comunication when i wanted to gank
1	i have about 150 bot games too. Thats not because i like them rly hard but my GF thinks its kinda annoying to have such an amount of flames and ragekids in this game so everytime we play together we play against bots. And i have to say it rly helped me out with champs like draven to get his Q under control. But at least Fooling around is bad but if you try your best i cant judge you.   Blindpicks IMO are for learning champs. Draft Pick is for guys like me who dont rly like the pressure of a ranked match. I mean its rly exhausting for me to play more than 2 or 3 ranked games because there is so much flame and i want to win too because of the League points. In draft i just can play and if we loose a game we can just surrender without loosing anything. What i want to tell is
1	But he doesn't LOL   >tierlisted higher   yeah, that's a total joke, you're seriously using a TIER LIST as a quantifier for what beats what in a given scenario?   Also it's commonly accepted in high elo (since you want to reference tier lists made by an individual...) that Riven is overall a more powerful champion and has fewer counters in lane than Tryndamere. She DOES beat Tryndamere, I don't know what game you're playing that it's not that way.   Your only argument is that "Tryndamere beats Riven because clearly you're doing it wrong and haven't 'optimized him for the solo top lane'" which is basically a meaningless phrase, since considering the only viable way to play him is top, and it's not hard to 'optimize' a champion for top lane, that says nothing.   If Tryndamere plays aggressive vs. Riven he either dies to your jungler, or straight-up loses in trades to Riven pre-6. Post-6 if you engage, she'll burst, stun, shield, and get out. Rinse and repeat til you have to blow your ultimate, and then she kills you with hers after. Her ultimate is on a lower cooldown at every rank, and has a longer duration than Trynd's by far.   Anyhow, Riven shuts Tryndamere down HARD pre-6, if you trade damage she comes out way ahead, RNG be damned it doesn't matter. Your passive is amazing vs. him. Post-6 it doesn't get much better, but Tryndamere can at least survive. Jungler influence is better for Riven considering Tryndamere basically has to push to sustain himself with Bloodlust, and Tryndamere is easier to gank than Riven no question.   Maybe you should try playing Tryndamere vs. Riven in 1800s or higher and see how well it works out for you. By the way, "all the pros" do NOT take heal/ignite on Tryndamere. There are lot of viable options for summoner spells on Tryndamere, most often I see Ghost/Cleanse, Flash/Cleanse, etc.
1	What I, personally, am getting from this is that Maokai had a huge lead because he got his own two buffs, and eve's blue, but essentially squandered it away in buying items that didn't put him ahead.   He then wasted time trying to gank lanes where success was a minimal percentage at best, instead of trying to help out bot lane where he had the best opportunity to successfully use his advantage. All of this collaborated in the enemy bot lane winning lane, eve catching back up, and them losing the game.
1	Quinn can actually be really really good, you just have to play her  right . Playing her like a standard ADC will get you nowhere. Your entire kit is really good at disrupting an enemy ADC in a fight, and while farming.   The ultimate (which is often drawn out as her biggest weakness, due to losing your auto-attack range) is actually an execute. You fight someone, and if they are able to get out of range, with low hp, you can ult, chase and kill. Your ultimate is a good escape / reengage tool for when the enemy has blown their hard cc, and your sick movespeed can get you where you want, fast. Quinn's ult is for the short pauses between fights, not for the fights themselves.   Another bonus: You can activate your ult, and upon rushing in with E, if you time the ult re-cast right, you can jump out, after delivering Skystrike.   The insane attack speed boost from your W in ult form makes her a really good splitpusher too; you push in the wave, get the turret and get out faster than a stealthed rengar with mobi boots can catch.
1	So the thing is, these posts saying:  "I just got reported for x by teammates, riot needs to do something" are completely unnecessary. The thing is, and I'm saying it straight, a report is a report. A report is not a chat restriction. It is not a warning. It isn't a ban, suspension, etc. It doesn't give you a special icon for getting reported, nor does it signal enemies or allies in any way.   It is just a report. If you aren't actively getting reported in multiple games, you won't have any negative impacts. I've had games where I've afked, fed, flamed, abused, spammed, etc. I guarantee I got reports for these games, but I have never faced any consequences. The reason why: I do that stuff in about 1-2% of my total games. Now I'm not advising to be toxic in moderation to avoid bans. Everyone has off days, games, plays, etc. It happens. As long as it doesn't before a habit, you should be fine.
1	Okay, so, I used to main Eve, too. As much as I hated the fact that, when I would fight against her, and her coming out of nowhere stunning me and killing me, I didn't want her nerfed to the ground like she has been. She was part of the game. And I always find it upsetting when Riot tries to balance the game. By doing that, they occasionally take all potential for a champion away, like they did with Eve. You just had to play carefully when you were fighting against her, and people just didn't seem to realize this. "BUT YOU COULDN'T SEE HER COMING" Just buy a pink or an eye and you should be fine. There SHOULDN'T be a rework to stealth. I can't really think of a viable solution as to how they could change it so that everyone can be happy with it. I came to LoL from playing games like WoW and DotA where there are very powerful stealth characters and they don't normally get fucked with, because that's just how the game works. I don't know. I really miss having Eve be a viable champion. I can still play her, and sometimes I still do well. But it's usually worse to pick Eve than picking a Kat to fight a LeBlanc or something.
0	He looks like Nicholas Cage... In my opinion he got sent back to kill his former self for producing his terrible movies which eventually inspires terrorists around the world to produce more movies based on terrible acting. As he arrives back in time, something happens to him and he loses his memory. Now he's destined to live the rest of his life wondering who he is and never knowing what his younger self is going to unleash unto this world..This is all only a theory tho :/
0	This fat bitch was being real mean because she was a jealous bitch about my skinny girls.   Soooooooooo instead of crushing her soul I just told her that she was a mean person.
0	I always live by the saying, "beauty is in the eye of the beholder." While you may be right about Gina not being as pretty as Stacy, I think one (I do, personally) could find Gina to be much more beautiful simply because of the fact that she has a much better personality.   I wouldn't go so far as to say my gf is the most beautiful person on the face of this planet, but I usually find her to be prettier than most the girls I know, simply because she doesn't have a scumbag personality. (Where a ton of the girls I know do have that personality type.)   I'll also admit most of them are probably good in bed, but I don't think I could ever like it.
0	Engineering student here. The problem here is that you may have found an easier way that works 20% of the time but theirs works 100%. Also the concepts may build. For example in diff eq its easy to solve an exact ODE but a little more complicated to make an ODE exact so you can solve it. So you need to find an integrating factor and blah blah blah and it builds on itself. If you find an easy way to get the answer cool, but unless it works for all situations your screwed.
1	I think that's it's actually completely fine to build silly things like that if it's in a normal, as long as you do that consistently. This is because of MMR; if this person would be 1500 if he followed standard builds, then perhaps he'd be 1300 using his own ideas. As long as he's consistently doing that and not doing that only when playing with you, it should have the same effect as if your friend just happened to be mechanically bad.   That said, doing that in ranked I think is just a really poor idea because it will really negatively affect your team's morale and probably draw some flame to you for queueing with him. It would also draw down his MMR there, so if he ever wonders why he can't climb the ladder this would be the reason.
1	Well, I didn't say that.  Also, none of the previous patches were even half as extreme when it comes to balance changes to khazix   And people overract often, but aren't always wrong or exaggerating.... People said olaf would be obliterated when they were planning that nerf for him.... and it happened.   IMO:   R change: Gutting damage reduction on his ult was a good change, that was obnoxious and needed to go.  People were saying to tone it down to 30%-35% or something but no- it had to go.  No need for him to have such a steroid, even if its an ult.  Perhaps now though we can go back to 1 second in between stealths?  Either way I'm fine with it   W change: 20% damage to monsters?  Fuck you rito, why pigeonhole him to the jungle? this "compensation buff" is only relavant to jungle kha and even still isn't significant.  The slow buff was good because evolved W was previously useless.   Q change:  Ruins champion.  Honestly, it really does.  With W being buffed I understand that this may have needed tweaking, but they just ripped Q a new asshole.  Level 1 Q is 2 more damage than an auto attack, why even spend the mana? lol.  I think if they just reduced the numbers by like 10% it'd be fine, not 20% base+scaling reduction ON TOP of isolation going from 45% to 20% damage.... really?
0	I used to work in service industry so I know this happens more often than not. Most of the time, we give entitled, self-centered, sad excuse for a human like you the least amount of "service" as we can. We also sneak in a little tiny revenge here and there. It's small but it adds up. I know for a fact that you've, at least once, eaten food that has been thumbed by the server you've mistreated who didn't wash his/her hand after the handling that dirty wet, bleachy rag just because your mother wasn't there to teach you this thing called, "be nice to people".
1	I think that one point that may have been overlooked in this video is the mana/HP sustain that is lost from the spirit stone path.   For example, Sejuani I almost think is in a worse place now than she was. 1) You have less potions for your clear. This makes you even more vulnerable to lvl2 invades and may actually force you to back even if you and your team manage to defend. For example, Lee, Udyr, Elise will just go back into their jungle to farm if the invasion fails while Sej will be forced to return to base.  They also can clear using few potions.   After quill, Sej will have a slower clear because she will have to manage her mana for the camps. She will not be spamming her skills to clear because she regenerates nowhere near as much mana as she used to. This means that she clears slowly so she has mana to gank. I would also argue that she does not clear as healthily as she used to due to the change in % passives.   I do however, like the golem on Dr. Mundo/Zac/Shen (and Mao to some extent).  They do no use mana, which I think is the worst part of the new spirit item.   I feel like Amumu/Udyr (if you pressure power farm + constant counterjungle + jungle duels)/Mao/Sej/Naut have more mana problems and are slower now in order to conserve mana to use all their abilities during their ganks.   I think that if the sustain passive was reverted, tank junglers that actually use mana would be much stronger.   Now skarner should probably get Lizard Mao needs to be a little more careful with spells.   Late game, the HP scaling is definitely good on junglers that build a lot of health items.  You need to at least build a randuins/sunfire to get back the 100 that was lost on golem's base stats.
0	Crazy and sad story that happened a couple of weeks ago:   One of our cats is a quite old Blue Russian (18), so quite distinctive in his fur (there are no other like it in the neighbourhood, except for our other two cats, his kids).   I was taking care of him over the summer, and one day I came home from going out to dinner and I didn't see him anymore. As I said, he was quite old, didn't walk very far and had a disease where his nose would fill up with goo and he'd have a hard time breathing. So he mostly stayed inside and only walked around the block and couldn't be far.   However, the next day he wasn't home yet, which is very odd. So I went out looking for him, hoping to find him if maybe his legs gave out or something. Couldn't  find him anywhere, so I figured he kicked the bucket. But I at least wanted to find his body to bury him. Never found him.   Then a few weeks later, I run into the neighbour 2 houses over at a bbq, and just by chance we talk about cats. So I jokingly say 'well, if you find a grey cat's body in your garden, that's mine'. Suddenly he turns white, and starts stammering.  Turns out his neighbour found an old, withering, neglected cat (scruffy, breathing difficult) in the street in front of their house and didn't know what to do with him. So they wrapped him in a blanket, took him to the vet (my vet) and had him put down out of pity. There's a picture of my cat hanging in the waiting room.   I couldn't believe what I heard. That cat has been living here for about 10 years longer than him.
1	You smite the blue wraith, do wolves, return to wraiths to finish 'em. Proceed to double golems, smite is already up so you smite one of them finish them and recall. From then you do blue (with smite, as the CD is off by the time you are doing it), wolves, wraiths, golems, red (smite again) proceed to gank.   The only part that differs from lee sin jungle is the golems/red switch at the end of the first path. But once you get Madreds it becomes faster and safer than most junglers.   Shen is a tank/support that is jungling, not an optimal jungler per se, but the overall effectiveness it provides endgame (not leeching exp from duolaning/(thanks to runes and masteries) is better than most junglers.
0	America has the unfortunate distinction of having set a precedent that they cannot escape from. I'm an Aussie and I love America. I've travelled America twice and can't wait to go back. I think it's the birthplace of modern culture in many forms and that Americans have pushed the boundaries of politics, art, industry and science further than any other nation in the post-industrial world. I even think that America's interventionism was somewhat good-hearted to a point (up until Vietnam, perhaps) although I know many will disagree with me.   I don't like what America has turned into. The 'American dream' is the greatest ideal to strive toward since the emergence of the middle class, but that seems to have been turned into a carpet that the corrupt lobbyists kneel on when worshiping their corporate gods and the military-industrial complex. I want the old America back (minus the racial stuff, obviously, like any country in the modern world).
0	Let me clarify. If the reason for a persons obesity were avoidable (i.e., not a medical condition as determined by DSHS), it wouldn't be right for them, specifically, to be able to collect disability pay. This would put more strain on the systems ability to help people with non self inflicted disabilities.
0	No, I AM talking about apartheid. And segregation. And sodomy. And interracial marriage. And yes, even the right to explore concious altering substances that don't harm anyone. I'm not saying prohibition is worse than or equal to denying people the right to love who they love. I'm saying that saying "Oh well You should just not have broken the rules" is a stupid thing to say, in any context.   Should I remind you the point of the whole conversation is "Wow, did they really need to go in THAT HARD?" not "should they go in at all?"? Laws are supposed to protect us. What does sending 14 cops to scare the shit out of some teens for smoking pot, or for that matter, putting some teens into the system for smoking pot do to serve the community?   Smoking pot doesn't hurt anybody else, and any "it can affect young peoples chances at life" justification gets blown away the second you stick a criminal record on them.
1	They don't balance out the hardware.   They add useless hardware.   They add useless "sick!" features.   They make the PC cost double what the hardware does.   Nothing special about their builds.   Here is an i7 (useless for most people) and 48 gigs of 2100 ram(kek)! ^^^and ^^^integrated ^^^graphics  But it has shiny lights!!!   This video starts slow, but a few minutes in, it portrays the problems with Alienware in a comedic way.
