0	As someone who worked at a University Bookstore for my first 3 years of college, I'm fucking sick of this shitty stereotype.   Yes, books are god damned expensive... but guess what, University Bookstores are still a business... they have overhead, they have wages and salaries to pay, they have to buy the books, supplies, and the clothes they carry in the store.   The real people to blame are the publishers who sell the books to the Bookstores.   But why do  Amazon  and  Half.com  have such low prices? - because often times (not always) they are just the middle man, they don't have to pay storage costs, stocking fees, shipping, etc. Places like  Half.com  are a place for me to sell a book to another student,  Half.com  doesn't have hardly any costs at all.   But I can't sell my book back to the Bookstore because they're not using it next semester! - Guess what, the Bookstore didn't make that decision, your professors did. They're the ones who choose the books, so if it's not being used why would the University Bookstore give you $40 for something they can't use? That's not a successful business plan.   But they bought the book back from me for $20 and now they're selling it for $60 as a used book! - Yeah, and I like said, they have costs that factor into the pricing. Say they buy it back for $20, and then there are $10 worth of other costs that are associated with the book, it costs the bookstore $30 to stock that book on the shelf... Generally, retail stores want to make about 50 points on their products (this means sell it for around twice what they paid). Doing this math will make the used book $60.   There is a whole lot more that goes into a bookstore than just stocking books for students. It's a business, they still have to make money, they still have to report to their bosses and show that they were successful. They're not there to give you free books or money at the end of the semester.   /end rant
1	This is why I was in love with Eve mid and if I got mid in ranked I would only play her. Bot lane losing hard pre 6 and you're 0-0 but have farmed well.. No worries - hit 6 gank bot and get double kill/if you're feeling extra nice give double kill to your adc. Worked so well particularly in my placement matches when no one would pink for Eve mid (lol).
1	Which form of depression did he have whereby it prevented him from being able to tell right from wrong? What kind makes it so that he loses the ability to understand that hurting someone else is wrong?   are you actually serious? Emotions drive people and everyone reacts differently to everything, some people that are depressed will act completely irrational while others will not. He was 16, 16 and emotionally unstable and he did some irrational things and didn't find them wrong. When my ex left me last year, I was just as irrational as him and I did a lot of things that I shouldn't have. Does that mean I shouldn't ever play League of Legends again?   source: I have bipolar disorder   edit:
0	Anyone on the left would just be a liberal (I was mistaken as socialism is a subset of liberal which is ultra far to the left). There's liberal, conservative, libertarian, and totalitarian/authoritarian arranged in a cross. (It seems I misremembered and wrote socialism instead, which is just an ultra left leaning so you'd be correct.) The former two are at left and right respectively (this is our traditional linear spectrum) and libertarianism and totalitarianism are at the opposite ends of the up/down axis.
1	This,  i got chat banned for 5 games (not that bad) ONLY because i had a couple of toxic aram games 6 i repeat  6 MONTHS ago, the tribunal is a joke.  and tbh it wasnt even that toxic, the worst one was when me and a friend were playing akali and syndra and we made it our goal to kill the enemy teemo as much as possible and we kept saying in all chat stuff like: rekt,  WORTH got teemo  and so on.
0	Canadian here. Whenever I drive through the states, I'm always taken by how amazingly friendly people are. Yes, Americans are a bit heavy on guns and god, but overall very decent people.  Now that is contrasted with the American government who would screw you three ways to Sunday if it benefited them in the slightest way.
0	Another interesting distinction or fun fact.  That is, if I recall my doctrine correctly (exmormon.... wow, it's been 24 years.)   Mormorns believe that the members of the traditional trinity are 3 distinct persons (or rather personages in the mo lingo). And so...   Celestial: God the Father watches over this kingdom and ministers to the people there who attain an exalted state like god himself. Like growing into full potential of spiritual adulthood. But requires rites of passage others have mentioned (whether done in life of in proxy after death).   Terrestrial: While calling the Celestial his home, Jesus the Christ will minister to the people here. Basically, any reasonably good person on earth will be in an awesome place with an occasional visit from Jesus (whether they believed in him or not.) For many Christians, this is sort of exactly what they are hoping and praying for. I hear it's nice.   Telestial: The Holy Spirit (aka Holy Ghost) will minister to people here, although he will have been given a physical body at that point, like all of god's children. Sort of like your conscience personified and being your pastor, I guess. It's important to not that that this is where liar, cheaters, thieves, etc end up. So like others have said, it's still a "heaven" and level of glory... just with like minded souls to keep you company. Mormons who just turn their back, not on the church but on just being a good human end up here just like other pricks of humanity.   Outer Darkness: To get here you needed to have been one of Satan's followers before Earth, or have had to KNOW (i.e 100% fact in god and his plan for mankind, as is seeing an angel or something like that... which you really can't deny... but do anyway.)   Fun Fact: People from higher levels can visit lower levels. So you may not be with all of your family all the time. You can still visit that dickhead sociopath of a cousin in the Telestial Kingdom.
1	I respect your opinion and understand where you are coming from, but I the rune system is actually important and can be game changing in very subtle ways. here's an example and say there is no rune system at all and we put two players playing the same champ (well just say Vayne for this example) into a 1v1 situation. the first player is lvl 30 is running 21/9/0 masteries as the meta would dictate and this player has played Vayne for 200-400 games. player same lvl running 21/9/0 masteries as meta would dictate and has played vayne for 600-800 games. how does the first player have any chance of beating the other player who has had more experience playing vayne. This is where the runes system comes into play and changes the game for both players, the system allows for each player to choose the many different runes that compliments they specific playstyle. so we'll that the first player runs flat armor, armor per lvl, and flat AD runes with lifesteal quints. and we'll say that the other player plays more aggressive with attack speed, Flat AD, and life steal runes with life steal quints. Who wins that fight? Does all all that experience with vayne still help that second player now? Or does the defensive runes give the first player enough armor for him to come out on top? With runes you can better play a champ the way you want to play him and make your champ totally different from anyone else's. but the way rune system is set up with its high ip prices (combined with the low ip income averages per games [NOT INCLUDING FIRST WIN OF THE DAY]) and the meta game required way of composing a rune pages, as well as a few other variable factors; there isn't a lot of room for you to just make a runepage that suites your play styles. You either go with the meta which is very basic and generalized for the general population of player. Or you play games upon games upon games earning ip to buy the rune you think you want then spending weeks or even months of trial and error of selecting different runes, testing them against various lane match ups and team comps, finding that perfect page that suites your style and that makes you the unstoppable beast that you want you to be for that one champ you really like or are really good at (then repeat process again for all other the champs that you play IF you even have another runepage to dedicate for another champ. most likely you going to go with the meta just because its less work for you to do all you have to do and learn the meta and try to fudge it into you playstyle if you can. this is why rune system NEEDS to change. Rune Tiers 1-2 are a trap for new players and need to be taken out of the game. Tier3 rune prices need to be reduced. Runepage IP prices need to be reduced or the number of pages you get at 6300 ip needs to be increase to at least 2 or 3. Having more pages allows you to have the ability to be liberal with your rune comp and be able to designate pages to champs, champ playstyles, or multiple roles.
1	watch professional/challenger level streams and replays. spectate front page games and watch what your lanes do and don't do, compared to what you would have done. Watch the mechanics of champions you like to play, you will notice new tricks and strategies and ways they utilize their kit. Look at their build orders and learn why they built in the orders they do. For me at least it was the push I needed from Silver 2 to now Gold 4 and still climbing. I am a visual learner and just watching professionals taught me more than the 1000 game grind it took this season (my first season) to get from Bronze to Gold. If you are seeing the same results game in and game out, watch how the pros do it.   You are Bronze because you are unable to carry Bronze players in a consistent manner. Then when you make Silver you will have to carry your Silver teammates in a consistent manner to make it to Gold. Some games are absolutely uncarryable, but overall you will steadily climb if you are actually better than your peers. It is an attitude. YOU need to take it upon yourself to carry the game or spoonfeed your carries kills. As a jungler that means if you have a Fizz or a Kassadin mid lane, your goal is to make sure they get kills and are protected from ganks so they can snowball and win the game. If you have a Jinx or a Vayne bot and you are support, you need to make plays and get your carry fed. If you are top you need to win your 1v1 and your lane, NEVER blaming your jungler if you get ganked, and split push your way to victory. Top lane especially is a mano e mano matchup, and you don't need your junglers help to win your lane. If you lose your lane, you deserve to lose the game. Same goes for mid. (just my opinion) If you consistently win your lane (9 times out of 10 is not unreasonable), you will not be bronze for more than a week or two. That means picking some champions that you like and playing the hell out of them until you can win every matchup.   My top pool is Zac, Olaf, Singed, Nasus, Garen, and Teemo. I can counterpick or match any top lane champion in the game and am confident enough with their abilities that I can win my lane matchup 9 times out of 10. If I win my lane and lose the game, I don't complain. I just realize that in the long run I will win more games then I will lose if I keep improving my play over time.   Become a good farmer. Out farm everyone in the game. High elo people realize this. I don't know how many times I've been down in my lane, and my opponent thinks they are fed so they are just going HAM elsewhere in the map while I just farm and farm and farm somemore, until I have 80 farm more than him mid game and own him in team fights and carry the game. Case in point, yesterday I was Singed top lane against a Lee Sin. He destroyed me early game and by 15 minutes I was 1-5. I don't really care what my score is though as Singed, so I just keep farming and farming and farming. I end up carrying the game 17-6, the icing on the cake being late game 1v1ing Lee Sin and completely annihilating him (he even had a GA). Never get down on yourself or give up if you are behind, you can always come back if you have the right attitude and you are a good farmer.   Get on LoLking and look at your statistics and win rates. You will probably have some champs that you absolutely love playing but you have 40 percent win rates with them or lower. Give up playing those champions. I love playing Evelynn, I absolutely love her kit, I feel like I am competent with her and she is so fun to play for me (disclaimer: this is for season 3). I think my win rate with her was like 27%. So I told myself I was done playing Evelynn, and instead looked at my champions that I had a 60% or higher winrate with and decided to get better at playing those champions. Just give up on playing the champions that you are losing nonstop with and get better at the ones that you are winning games with.
0	I attempted to take it. I left almost 1/2 the answers blank. Most of the kids in the class did as she said. One girl who was close to the family simply sat there, never picking up her pencil, and just gave my teacher the stink eye for the entire period.
1	I'd like to try my hand at expanding on what he said a bit more:   His logic is pretty much right; in the sense that you hinder yourself by mindset and such.   It is a bit insulting when you take it in a way that pretty much says that if you've been playing since Season 2 and are still silver, that you are bad. So lets expand that a bit - If you have been playing since Season 2 and are still silver, you haven't put in the amount of effort to understand every little mechanic and decision going into the game, not just the large ones like dragon, towers buffs etc.   This isn't your fault, however, most people don't know where to start. You could play 100 games starting now for the next month and still not improve by much if you don't have the tools and knowledge to know what you should be working on.   Tons of people write comments and responses to others trying to seek advice by simply saying "Focus on last hitting". But you could go so much deeper than that; Pick a role, play the shit out of normals and/or customs and practice getting your CS rates higher without dying or being forced out of lane as much. Take this, and repeat it to other roles. This will overall improve you last hitting by allowing you to practice(while in live games) improving your CS. Just don't forget about that goal.   This is what people need, harder, more detailed answers rather than Focus on last hitting and improve your decision making.
1	If your elo is 1800 at the end of season 2, the soft reset will take you to 1500 for the start of season 3.  It's [(1200 + your current elo) / 2].  So don't worry too much.   More importantly even if I'm wrong about the soft reset formula, a soft reset has been announced so no matter what formula riot uses, everyone in your current game will be the same people in your post reset games.  2k people will still be fighting 2k people, but instead you'll be called 1600 people, this doesn't mean you are queuing with and against people who were 1600 last season.  Those 1600 people from last season will be called 1400 people after the reset.
0	I think it depends on what you mean by "paying". Not everyone values money the same. I know little about Mary Kay but it seems to me that... time constraints, at the very least, would be infinitely more flexible. A lot of people have trouble staring at screens for hours on end, or keeping their natural conversation/demeanor at "work appropriate" levels. Considering trade-offs like these... If you're confident enough in your product and ability to sell it, perhaps "money down" is a solid option. You don't have to deal with dress codes?, potential managerial bias... etc. etc.   Regardless, benefits usually require you to pay in different ways... Certainly you do have to pay money into them every month... As well all the strict regulations that usually go along with a "9-5" job.   So maybe he's being purposefully obtuse, but you're being a huge dick for judging the person doing this for income. Why risk posting in "defense" of your company if it's not something you enjoy doing or doesn't make sense for you?
1	I don't care about the meta but if you want an immobile skillshot midlane mage vel is an awesome choice. I feel like his passive really shines in the support role however as it makes him a non-item dependant mage. Even with only frost queen's claim and support items he will become a damage threat with his true damage passive. Late game throw in a Liandry's Torment to counter health stacking which counters true damage and no matter what you'll be doing tons of damage. He has good synergy with champions like MF when he supports not only because of the wombo combo ults but because of the amazing harrass he provides to supplement MF's lane bully nature.
0	I'm an unpaid intern right now, working for a small production company in Los Angeles. I work from home 2 days/week and drive an hour and a half (one-way) to the office once/week. They have seasonal internship positions (2-3) that, from what they've told me, have been occupied since they started the program years ago. I get to participate in creative brainstorming for projects and potential projects, publish research in Google Docs, and also help them advance their social media presence. It's been good experience so far (I've been working there for about a month now) and I'm VERY happy they let me work from home since gas is so damned expensive now. It's such a small company, though, so I'm almost positive there won't be a paid entry-level position waiting at the end of the year for me. Plus, there are two other interns (both graduate film students with student loan debt out the yin-yang) who I'd be competing with. They need the money more than I do (I'm debt free)! Ha!!
0	I did this in AP english, and all through college. I'm an English major, but that doesn't mean I can find all the sources easily. Also the Wikipedia sources are a good place to start. I can write a 5 page paper in less than an hour and always get an A using this to source.   Also never EVER forget the 5 part paper. Works every time even of you make each section a page or two.   Source: college student for over a decade. Maybe someday I'll grow up and get my degree so I can start paying on my frightening student loans.
1	Oh I'm the arrogant asshole, I'm just saying how the US does their shit. the arrogant asshole would be the op and you suggesting that they did things that are done in europe.   oh and not once did i say they're pushing their idea, they're just doing what every sports league in NA does it, stay mad little boy.
1	The last three AD carries were Caitlyn, Vayne, and Graves.  Caitlyn was considered underpowered due to how poorly she scaled into late game at release and after several buffs she still scales into late game badly but makes up for it by being a god early game.  Her late game isn't terrible by any means but practically every AD carry is stronger than her late game.   Vayne and Graves were both considered wildly OP on release and have both gotten nerfs on a few occasions.  Sivir's remake took her from what many considered a terrible AD carry that was pretty much only run by CLG in a solo lane as a split pusher to what many now consider one of the strongest AD carries in the game.   AD carry is a lot harder to balance than AP carries are because their kits are just so finicky.  If you give them a kit with no steroids like Caitlyn you have someone who's going to fall off hard but if you give them a kit with a lot of beneficial spells like Graves you're going to create a champion that's just way too powerful.   Hell, the AD carry that was released before Caitlyn was Miss Fortune who was also wildly OP at release and had to be toned down.
1	Its only for Garena. But what they mean is that you cannot give away champions/skins that you own. There isn't really a way for us to purchase RP for friends besides buying Garena shells for them. I think Garena probably copy pasted that text from somewhere.
1	Look, I get that the hate might be a little much, but LMQ is a flunky Chinese Team, who are blatantly taking advantage of the system. Couldn't make it in China? Go to NA. Their very presence is insult to our region. Yes we know Asian regions is better, but to come over here and take a spot from a mostly NA team is disgraceful.   Its like those Asian transfer students (from oversees mostly from Korea and China) at my high school who manipulated the system. They changed their grades to all A's and cheated all year long by recording answers in their translators. Normally no one would care but by abusing the system knocked out my friend as salutatorian. Its an awful abuse of power and the worst part is that its not just one or two people, its pretty much all of them(at my school). At first I thought it was an isolated occurrence only at my school, but I'm starting to see it in the culture.   Notice: I'm not saying that all of them are as manipulative, but it seems to be something very noticeable in the culture. I'm really not here to spread hatred or racism, as I'm Black and Asian myself-(BLASIAN). I think its sad that they are representing a group of people who really don't have any connection with, and barely understand our culture. When people say the best of NA, I want them to think of actually NA, even if we lose the entire tournament. I think its the mentality difference in cheering for a basketball team and a olympic team. Your free to choose a b-ball team and bandwagon jump, but come olympics, its us vs the world.   LMQ is not a NA team. THEY JUST PLAY HERE. One or two players is completely different than say A WHOLE TEAM. No one should feel ok with how they qualified for worlds, because maybe 5 years down the line NA and EU will just be the Asian B&C leagues. Its not fair that they took an "easy route" to worlds compared to their region. I mean whats stopping any flunky B-team from coming and stomping our region? Maybe its the joke called NA soloque? It most certainly is not the exposure or the money. Maybe they have the pride to actually play for their region.   Regardless, I cant fault LMQ for coming over here, but i don't have to like them or support them, much less call them an NA team just because they play here. Its really not something to get passionate about, just another one of those things where someone took advanage of the system.
1	doesnt proc on his q which is kinda his main dmg spell and its to expensive for only offensive stats. If you buy it early you are not tanky wich will set you behind. You also have to stack it wich costs alot of mana and Time   I personally started building  ICEBORN GAUNTLET  on olaf it gives you:     Armour for tankyness   Cdr for more Q´s and E´s which are basically his main dmg tools   Mana for more Q´s   You can basically get a Sheenproc on every or atleast every 2nd AA becase of your Q spam   AOE slow ontop of the shen proc     I personally build Glacial shroad -> Giantsbelt -> Iceborn. Im not the best olaf player but the iceborn helps me ALOT at sticking at the enemy carry.
1	Rengar was hunting KZ, so he found there was a Void monster on the League, maybe he wanted to find a connection of KZ and Cho or just kill Cho before KZ, and the other prey anyway   And KZ prey is Rengar, so when Rengar got to the League, it's obivious that he would join.
0	Right.  It's really crippling.  Scumbag Brain.  I just think too much, that's it.  I mean, my brain is always running on overdrive, and it always breaks off into tangents.  Tangents eventually hit a negative memory.  Boom. Episode.  Could be anything from something my parents said to me, to any number of dumb shit that happened in grade school (I was a really awkward kid). Then, after the episode, there's a few minutes of recovery where I have to tell myself that I'm alright and that I'm here in the moment now.  I just wish I didnt have to hurt anymore.
0	I'm a 16 year old who's always made good grades, and has always been heavily invested in their own education (Reading and writing outside of class, even back in middle school).  I've had bad teachers.  I've had good teachers.  The good teachers never called me a "little shit" but I digress.  But I have always found I put a similar amount of effort that my teacher does.  If my teacher respects me and treats me how I deserve to be treated (look at me, being entitled now, deserving things), then I will work harder.  But if my teacher is an entitled little shit, I'm liable to be an entitled little shit right back.
0	I can't speak about child birth as I'm a dude. That being said, let me tell you a story about pain;   I was 15 years old, and incredibly messed up. I couldn't hear any sound no matter how low, or look at any light no matter how dim, without getting insane migraine headaches / feel like my head was going to explode. Then I started feinting a lot. Turns out I had Meningitis, but they had to do a spinal tap to make sure. To do the spinal tap, they get me a nurse who has never done it before and needs to learn how. She pulls out this 6" long hat pin looking needle and gets to work. She stabs me right in my spine 8 or 9 times. Everytime she does, she's hitting nerves making my legs and arms shake and convulse. After the 9th time, the Senior Doc comes in and hits it perfect the first time. There I am, sitting almost completely naked on a table with my chest on my knees, happy as a mother fucker that the Doc was able to prick my spine right the first time. I've never been in so much pain before.
1	Who the hell upgrades their trinket at lvl 9? O.o   Even when I'm fed, I wait until I'm full build to upgrade my trinket. When I'm a lowly support, I always need the money for the (really expensive :( ) Aegis, or Sunfire or something.
0	My SO did this also. Me, quiet as a mouse using te flashlight on my phone to find my clothes etc, careful not to wake her up. She, no fucks given. Until I mentioned how inconsiderate that was,and now, everything's good.
1	Damn, this reflects the situation perfectly! You need more upvotes. It seems like Riot is buffing champions that are easy to play and don't have big "Play-potential" to the point the user just needs to smash his head on the keyboard to win lane/game. I'm looking at champions like: Caitlyn, Nasus, Vel'Koz, Kayle, Lulu... Note that I'm not here to highlight the champs with the highest winratio but the champs that that have way too high effectiveness compared to the actual knowledge and skill you need to play it properly.   Additionally, there are many champs that are deemed skill instensive even tho they aren't. Zed being a perfect example. Having such a good waveclear and all that extra damage for nothing makes him a very easy champ. The difference between a good Zed and a horrible Zed is basicly, that the horrible Zed will MAYBE die after he assassinated the ADC, APC and the other has some more knowledge and even survive the 1v5 dive onto the ADC...   Riot keeps constantly nerfing play-making champs and to be honest it sucks. I would bet a 975 skin one of the next nerfs goes to Katarina. The worst part of it all is the community riding every bandwagon that they are presented. That's actually WHY the community is fucked up. I don't care about toxic kids and heck I'll use strong words when I'm settled up, if someone reports me, well fuck it I report back, cause everyone has a corpse in his cellar. Maybe they didn't flame me directly but I'm sure they did, it's fucking human to do so.
0	The reason is due to the anti science mindsets that many have taken on.   Example 01: If science says its not possible to build a giant wooden boat that can hold every creature on the planet then science is not always right!   Example 02: If science thinks that humans are monkeys then why are their still monkeys? Scientists are just making stuff up!   Example 03: If the world is billions of years old then how come my dad says its only six thousand years old? Science is always arguing against stuff that nobody can prove!   which eventually leads into more harmful conclusions based on the same sentiments.   Example 04: Global warming is just some myth, scientists are always making stuff up! If god gave us the power to change the earth then why would he let me drive this monster SUV?   And finally this mentality bleeds into all forms of trust on modern science.   Example 05: Here we go again with this science stuff! Vaccinating my child is just the government and scientists trying to tell me what to do with my children! As an oppressed god fearing christian I must take arms as messing with my children will always the last straw!
1	Im not sure either, but I think the main point was that there were random ping jumps in the game which made the experience worse, and it was annoying that they had to wait 10-60 minutes just to find a match and then in the match they had random ping jumps.
1	in the older days we have neat stuff as "caitlyn flash" or "caitlyn ez q juke's" atleast many small plays. these days we have   mr huge dick said this, and miss vagina liked it on facebook.  Dr. rito didn't like it, so mr huge dick's dog got fined for shitting on the couch.  it was wierd how rekkles kept typing an apology/cry wall of text whenever he lost a game.  and posted every game he won.   i think you get where i'm going with this.   i want lol related stuff, from the game.  not random wierd weeaboo shit some people does
1	You start by not dying so much. "But Chad, surely because my kills outweigh my deaths means I'm good, right?" nope. You should be reducing those 9 or 7 deaths to 2-4 per game. Don't get caught, ward (it's not just for supports anymore), pay attention to the minimap. What's your farm like in these games? How long do they usually go? Once you're not dying and looking at the minimap and farming well, go push objectives. Secure dragons (it's not just the jungler's responsibility) if the enemy is down a man and is trying to pressure, you need to engage, take a couple down and then push a tower. Every time you have the map advantage and your waves are pushing, push a tower. if your enemy has a good defensive position, go take dragon. "But my team sucks and doesn't know how to teamfight" well, start feeding them kills so they can itemize. People don't play champs they don't know how to play in soloqueue. Gank other lanes (or learn to play jungle really well) once you're winning and give kills to your allies. You don't need the kills if you're well farmed. obviously try to secure kills if the enemy is going to escape, but don't ult someone who's just about dead because of your 3 teammates. every chance you get, push an objective. go for map control (this is where wards come in and you get the opportunity to catch people out. there are plenty of good warding guides out there). Pick on the enemy support. Usually support players don't know what they're doing in Bronze or just happened to be last pick.
1	Sorry but that is highly highly incorrect (unless Doublelift, or other ADs use attack move differently then me) Yes that can happen and might have happened (didnt watch it) but is that a bad thing?   I assume that this happened, what did Doublelift do? He a clicked - and missed so instead of running at the place (which he also would have missed with rightclick) he attacked the wrong thing -so the difference is: he messed up 2 attacks instead of insta dieing. That seems like a decent trade for me
1	That was the point of my comment: True bronze players would disregard the Q slow (or remain ignorant of it) and consequently think Frozen Mallet is a good choice. However, since the build didn't mention it anywhere, it doesn't qualify as true "bronze build" and thus can't count as "the most bronze build ever" either.   /
1	In 2005 I was lucky enough to get to go to E3 in LA. I worked for a small company called Good Work Systems, this company made an interesting alternative style mouse called the R2 which sported the ONLY on board memory on a mouse at the time and its own scripting language called PAL. Allowing users to script everything from button presses to mouse movements. The company was so small that the mice were actually put together in the CEO's basement by hand.   Razer was a much larger company than us, their booth was very fancy. They had multiple demonstration kiosks each manned by an official Frag Doll that you could go head to head at Quake with and a couple thousand dollars worth of advertisements. Our booth consisted of a few folding tables and two computers with demo mice we used MS Paint to demonstrate the scripting technology, a printed sign of the mouse logo we had made at Kinkos the night before and our home made shirts which sported the same logo.   On our breaks my co workers and I were allowed to wonder the floor and visit other booths get free shit and just enjoy ourselves. We headed over to the Razer booth, mostly to talk to the Frag Girls and play Quake. We started playing Quake with the Frag Girls and we start talking to them about E3 and how cool everything has been. We were there for no more than 5 minutes when security shows up and asks us to leave the building. They told us that the Razer people said we were trying to steal publicity from them because we had our home made R2 logo shirts on and were at their booth and that we had to leave. These shirts were made with puffy paint and magic marker. They had easily 10 thousand dollars worth of professional advertisements on their booth, lights, tv screens, music, smoke machine the whole nine but we were messing up their fung shui with our shirts that had a competitors logo on them.   So security is escorting us out of the building when our CEO sees us. He comes over and we tell him whats going on. He talks to security and gets them to let us stay to work our booth on the condition that we stay away from the Razer booth.   Later that same E3 Razer announces their new mouse, the Copperhead, a mouse with 32 bytes of memory. They claim they are the first company to create a mouse with on board memory. This is not true our small company had been selling our R2 with on board memory for more than a year at that point. Of course without the money Razer has to advertise their product no one knew about the R2. So Razer got all the ohs and ahs while our company was getting stepped on by Razer.
1	Dude I just played a game like that! We were doing an all-heal comp, Nami top, I was Kayle jungle, Nid mid, Sona and Taric bot lane. We got wrecked until I hit my fifth item, then I hard-carried from like 20 kills down and won. Turns out Kayle jungle is broken as fuck.
1	This, I only play ranked in shot bursts when I get extremely bored and have no one to play with or I get my determined hat on, which whenever I do I usually make progress.   Though I have friends who all they do is rage when they play ranked and get upset because their teams "feed" or don't listen. And I watch the games and they do equally as bad. Then turn to me to get more the rage out saying I'm only higher than them because I never play ranked. lol   Overall I'm trying to say just enjoy the game odds are if you're having fun and keep a cool demeanor, and place the blame on yourself when you lose odds you'll make progress, because there's always something you could have done to win the game.   Now don't patronize yourself and completely concentrate on the mistakes, just do a short reflection after you mess up and move on. Also reflect after the game, but never let your mistakes or anyone elses mistakes during the game overshadow the two major goals, first and foremost enjoying yourself and then winning. Because if you do the only thing it can do is impact you and your teams play negatively, especially if you exhibit those emotions in chat.
1	I don't know if anybody will see this, but I'm just going to rebutt your points as I read your argument.   >Riot is being cheap with resource allocation, and has a general lack of employees in many areas. As a company they have grown larger than their employee base and are not hiring accordingly.   How do you know how many employees they have per division? How do you know how they are allocating their employee resources? Finding employees who meet Riot's caliber is not a quick and easy process, and putting too many employees in one division can hamper work if there's not the correct project space to handle them (think several really small projects that are all inter-related, where a smaller team is better to handle them all; or a rather big project that is complex and involved, it's difficult to have many people working on it at once.)   > League has a lot of problems that are on the back burner or not a priority. Whether or not they are being worked on they are not coming out fast enough, this is not a complaint so much as an observation. The client is a good example of something that could fairly easily be revamped or improved with a bit of dedicated resource allocation (hire people to do it)   I'm not 100% sure but I believe I read somewhere that Riot mentioned they are not seeking a new client separate from Adobe Air. They don't believe adobe air causes the troubles that people are having, so they are trying to improve their already existing client. Also, building a client probably isn't as easy as you're making it out to be, and even if they were looking to change it, they probably already are looking for people to do it or have a team already on it. This is likely to be one of the top priorities for the company given the complaints.   >Riot is stingy with applying in game currency (IP) towards solving community problems/complains. No I don't want a free IP weekend for "insert problem here", I don't really want any IP (I don't need it) but it could easily be applied to improving community behavior.   I don't agree with this. If a player is being toxic, giving them free IP or IP boosts isn't going to make them behave any better. IP and toxic behavior intuitively don't have any correlation.   >Riots customer support is slow and swamped, it needs more focus.   I don't think you can throw a blanket statement like this over all of Riot support. I've received help from Riot support within 3 hours before, so it's not true for all departments of support.   >Tribunal should be something that players want to do every day because of a large IP gift for doing so.   I've been to a talk that Riot Lyte gave on this, and given their data, rewarding IP for using the tribunal ended up with less accurate punishments than having no rewards linked to the game. IIRC, when IP rewards were stopped, the tribunal lost a lot of participants, but the number of cases per person went up (due to people only participating for IP only doing a small number of cases), and the accuracy rating went up as well. There are slides and youtube videos of his talk which explains their decision to move to a rewardless structure.   >The honour system is similarly half assed and abandoned.   Riot is aware the honor system isn't being used very much any more, and are trying to find ways to improve it. Riot Lyte has done wonders for player behavior and is still striving to improve it.
1	I played her a lot since she came out, because she is a lot of fun but she has a lot of issues.   Her mana costs are quite absurd, you are almost forced to get a Chalice as first item if you want to do any sort of poking in the lane. Poking with just Q unlike on many other mids (Ahri/Morgana come to mind) is very lackluster and will barely phase most enemy mids. It just does way too little damage on its own... her full combo (QEWQ) does quite a lot of damage if you can pull it off, but that's where the problem lies - pulling it off is extremely hard and nearly impossible on most mids that run MS quints and have any form of mobility.   She has very good lane pushing but at the same time EXTREMELY lackluster roaming capabilities... You simply can't gank other lanes with her very well, something that is extremely important in today's metagame. Her CC requires too much setup and is too easy to dodge and unlike other mids she just simply requires too much time to set up her burst.   Her lategame presence in teamfights is also lackluster, she is supposed to be a single target burst champion which I presume was meant to take out the bruisers but her damage just doesn't allow her to do this very quickly, considering her low mobility and lack of escape she just gets jumped on and if she doesn't flashes, she dies. This is a severe problem.   Unlike the last 2 mid champions that came out, she is simply not up to par. I understand they wanted to be cautious considering the extreme negative reactions they got on the last 2 mids being too strong, but they went way too far with the nerfs on her during PBE. She is an extremely high skill cap champion that has way too many weaknesses to make it so that she is playable. Her strengths are supposed to be her CC (2 forms) and her "insane" singletarget ultimate, but she gets outclassed in  every, single way  by almost every other AP mid that is popular in the current metagame. Ahri, Morgana, Zyra, Orianna, Gragas, ... all simply outclass her in every single aspect, even in the ones she's supposed to be good at.   To fix her, they need to look at the missile speed on her W firstly. That ability is AMAZINGLY hard to hit due to how slow it is and the awkward range. Her Q simply needs to do more damage and her E needs to be on a lower cooldown I feel. Considering it's her only way to defend herself, it just doesn't do.   Comparing that to  Zyra's E (another low mobility champion that actually does well) :     Cooldown: 12 seconds at every rank   Magic Damage: 60 / 95 / 130 / 165 / 200 (+0.5 per ability power)   Root Duration: 0.75 / 1 / 1.25 / 1.5 / 1.75 seconds   Cost: 70 / 75 / 80 / 85 / 90 mana   Can be paired with a slow (W), extremely reliable     vs  Syndra's E :     Cost: 50 mana at all ranks   Cooldown: 18 / 17 / 16 / 15 / 14 seconds   Magic Damage: 70 / 115 / 160 / 205 / 250 (+0.4 per ability power)   Can be paired with a stun (Q, 1.5 sec) but is extremely unreliable     Comparing  ultimates  of the same two champions,  Syndra :     Cooldown: 100 / 90 / 80 seconds   Cost: 100 mana   Singletarget ability:   Damage per Sphere: 90 / 135 / 180 (+0.15 per ability power)   Minimum Damage (3 spheres): 270 / 405 / 540 (+0.45 per ability power)   Maximum Damage (4 bonus spheres): 630 / 945 / 1260 (+1.05 per ability power) <- added this for no real reason, as this is literally almost impossible to pull of.   I'd say it's pretty common to do your ult when you have 2 spheres on the field, making it a 900 base damage nuke.   Let's take a midgame amount of AP (300) and rank 3 ultimate with 2 Q's cast in beforehand (8 seconds of preparation without CDR, 4.8 seconds with 40% CDR): (180 + (0.15   300))   5 = 1125 damage.     vs  Zyra :     Cooldown: 130 / 120 / 110 seconds   Cost: 100 / 120 / 140 mana   Magic Damage: 180 / 265 / 350 (+0.7 per ability power)   Area of Effect radius: 700   Two seconds of CC if you don't run out   Let's take a midgame amount of AP (300) and rank 3 ultimate: 350 + (0.7 * 300) = 560 AoE damage, we all know that Zyra's ult is always paired with the rest of her spells though, which grants her an immense amount of burst.   The above shows with the same amount of AP it only needs to hit two people to do the same damage as Syndra's ult with  significant  less amount of preparation time, all the while being a  freaking AoE spell .     It's just not good enough. As for her ultimate, the base and bonus damage per sphere just have to go up. It's extremely aggravating considering how hard it is to get the full benefit of the ability to see it do less damage than Gragas' or Zyra's ultimates  while not having any direct CC linked to it and not being AoE  unlike the 2 just mentioned.   Riot has mentioned several times it's better to get the fun-part about a champion right first, then worry about balance. Well they definitely made her fun, but very, very unrewarding so I hope they stay true to their word and give her the buffs she deserves, because unlike Rengar she doesn't have a sleeper OP ability with some absurd scaling and instant reset to skew with her winrates.
0	People tell me I have great ambition.   Really I just think science is awesome and that things like living on the moon would be cool. It occurred to me that no-one is making any effort in that direction. I realised they need money. So I went about finding out how to make money. Found the most rewarding way for me to do that is set up a successful games company, which fortunately is cool and interesting anyway (and fuck yes it's already what I'm trained for as a day job). Currently waiting on a guy who knows some of the right people to get a pitch together so I can start something with potential for growth. All this because science is awesome and I want to contribute money to things like getting people to live on the moon. Plus I get to learn things!
1	I'm a fucking mathematics grad student irl and nobody would give me shit about saying 66% for 2/3. I mean, mother of god, even in my comment I am 100% (or 99.9, repeating of course,% right) right in saying that 66% is below the minimum value as can be seen by the fact that 2/3 is not enough and 2/3 >= 0.66.....
0	The thing about working retail on thanksgiving is that it’s actually an insult to everybody. Not just the people forced to work it. There are noble professions out there, and regardless of the money made, people are constantly sacrificing. So I’ll explain it the same way I did to a veteran who was frustrated by retail workers complaints.  When you’re out there, you’re doing what you’re doing so that the rest of us can get home. Soldiers are fighting so other people can have this holiday, and one next year (yes many are going to argue that it’s for different reasons). Airline pilots are working so people can get home. You’re not with your family, so that I can be with mine. Your sacrifice is directly aiding your fellow man to be with his loved ones. Why am I going to work on thanksgiving? Because some already rich shareholder wants more money, because he wants another house this year.  You went out of your way, so that other people can be with their families, and they can’t be. Retail workers aren’t performing a noble job, we’re giving people things they want, and most of the time things they don’t want or even need! We’re driven to sell you extra garbage.   Now on one of the only two days you can really call American holidays (Thanksgiving and Independence Day) we’re being forced to sell you more garbage. Those two days are there to be celebrated by every American citizen. Those 2 days are special, regardless of orientation, creed, or skin color. On those two days no matter who you are, you have something to celebrate.   The corporate companies say that customers want us open earlier, to serve them. The customers say they have to line up earlier because the company is opening stores earlier and they want a piece of the pie. It’s a really clever sheet being dragged across everyone’s eyes. The savings are garbage. It’s all the same shit that goes on sale weekly, now it’s just all in the same day.   It is 100% bullshit that people are working on thanksgiving. It’s a day to be thankful for what we have, but it’s being taken away from us, if I could learn to fly a plane, I would switch off with you every other year, this way we could both enjoy time with our families at some point. Instead time with your family is becoming a privilege of the elite.
0	I worked Taco Bell drive through when a woman asked for tacos with "only cheese, nothing else." To clarify, I asked the woman if she wanted meatless tacos, and without hesitation, she said "yes." The manager on duty and the guy making the tacos both had headsets on and both heard her so they agreed to make tacos with only cheese in them. She came inside the store about 5 minutes after we gave her the tacos and threw them at my friend who was making them and said "is this some kind of joke?" To this day, I don't know how he did it - because the woman was staring at him the whole time - but he spit in every one of her new tacos.
1	Not battlecast, Pulsefire. Much as Gentleman was Cho winding up adjusted, semi-relatable and non-hostile enough for Kass to untwist his knickers a few notches, Battlecast (prime) is Viktor not only reverting his personality back to the 'factory default' he had upon being made by some sick, twisted eldritch god, but also making him EVEN MOAR POWERFUL.   Obviously, he's going to join the one group that has a quarter of a chance at killing Big C: Piltover's Jayce Marines. Probably halfway through the fight debuting in some big tournament match, so as to fit the Power Rangers theme.
1	I guess I'd try to stick with my supports. Silver and Bronze supports are always forced to be there and almost never know what they are doing :)   On no other lane can you make them lose so much AND blame the team for making them play the support. ;)
0	Reminds me of a funny story with my mom.  I was like 12 at the time and we were at a boat ramp area near the coast so there are tons of seagulls like always.  As we were heading out and going towards the road a seagull was just walking along in front of us.  My mom stopped the car hoping it would move along and I told her to just go cause it would fly away like they always do.  Well at the slow pace of like 3 miles per hour my mom proceeds and runs right over the damn thing, its like it had just given up on life and decided we were his best chance at getting taken out.  I looked back and we had one wing still flapping and I just told her to not look and just go.  I must tease her about that at least a couple times a year still, she felt so bad.
0	If you make it a habit and it becomes a habit you can use habit as evidence in court. In case some low-life officer tacks on failing to signal on to whatever else you're getting ticketed for. Yea I was speeding, changing lanes ridiculously, BUT I SIGNALED! Boom! Knocked off one charge.. boo yah!
1	My Technoviking video is blocked here by annontiations because there is a legal problem with the clip's protagonist which is still unsolved. The block will stay like that untill it is hopefully solved one day. For more details goto:   From this youtube channel - so, au contré, he knows how youtube works very well :D
0	Here's my current situation: I was dismissed from school for bad grades this past spring semester. I haven't told my parents and have been pretending I'm still going to the same University. I was suspended for a year and hope to reapply to finish my degree, put this behind me, and make my parents proud. So here's what I've been up to... I'm a pretty bright individual, yet I was always too lazy to care about my grades. This fall semester I signed up for a full load of classes at a local CC where credits would transfer. I got my shit straight and grades are great. I've been telling my parents I was graduating in the spring (no chance in hell I was) hoping for something to happen. I was recently offered an internship position pretty far from home for the next 7 months. Told my parents that I couldn't pass up the offer and that I would have to delay graduation a semester. I really fucking hope I can graduate and just put this part of my life behind me without having to look like a failure in front of my parents... /fuck my life.
0	I am a younger teacher, under 30, and I have absolutely no problem with it at all. I was raised to be responsible and accountable for my own actions. If I get fired for doing a bad job, I know I will have deserved it.   When things went crazy with Act 10 a few years ago, this was a big point of contention. Along with the loss of the right to unionize, which, I could care less about also.   I have always seen a teachers union being set up to save a teacher who did something inappropriate with a kid, but is still a good teacher. Second to that, it is 1k a year to be in that, and with so many teachers, it is a lot of money that ends up in the hands of those who don't know what to do with it.
1	Well, Jinx has a fairly weak laning phase. It's not the worst idea to build a damage/utility item to help with surviving laning phase.   Jinx has fairly short range compared to adc's like tristana and caitlyn, so if you were to engage in a 1v1 with either of them, you having a BT and them an infinity edge, the shield would absorb the autos you lost while out of range and then due to to Jinx's minigun passive she would auto more than the other adc, out sustain and eventually win. It would take some serious RNG in cait/trists favor to win the duel.   In a more realistic scenario, if Jinx is full health with her BT and cait has her ie, the shield passive of BT will probably block 1-2 autos if they were to trade in lane.
0	Pizza guy here:   Amongst our drivers we remember who tips well and who doesn't tip at all. For those who tip well, it makes our day a little better knowing we are delivering to a generous person. We also give them priority. We often get backed up and are sent on several deliveries expected to be at three different places at once. Since this is impossible, we have to make a choice. Who gets a late pizza? The guy who always tips well or the guy who stiffs? And because there is no "30 minutes or free" promise anymore these days, if I know you never tip, what is my incentive to get to you quick? I may take my sweet time driving to you,  in the interest of road safety. In addition since we are allowed to "apologize" by offering customers discounts/ free drinks for "late" orders, I may use my discretion to "apologize" to a good customer who is generous to their drivers. Of course people who are just friendly and polite also become memorable to us.   I guess I should also add that not tipping affects your area, not just you. You don't tip? Okay. Few other people in your neighborhood have the same mentality, drivers start to associate your area with getting stiffed and soon your neighborhood doesn't get the best service it could.
0	I was doing delivery for a bit and it was really monotonous.  It was really silly what they expected of me.  I drove a long route each day, took a while to re-stock inventory at each account.  Every day I was working 30 minutes longer than I was getting paid for.  I told them this.  They gave me that look that suggested that if I pursued what I was saying, I would be fired.  I really wish I could remember the details, but basically their point was I get to drive 30-45 minute at a time, so I shouldn't be taking 15 minute breaks.  My thought process was, because the boss was kind of an ass, that I would crash the company vehicle if I took a break while I was driving.  (I know that's kind of passive, but whatever)   I'm pretty sure the details were that I was supposed to take a hour lunch break.  I had this sent to me via a text message from the manager.  It was basically that I worked 8am to 5 pm with a one hour lunch break.   It was 100% impossible to finish the job, and be back to the warehouse by 5pm if I literally took a one hour lunch break.  I worked fast and was efficient, I even kept a time log for a while of my driving, unpacking and stocking inventory.  My warehouse manager couldn't leave until I returned, so he asked how long I was taking for lunch, and I said an hour.  So he said I was only supposed to be taking 30 minute lunches, to which I showed him the text he sent me months before about taking an hour lunch.  He said oops, and then I started only taking 30 minute lunches, so technically was working 30 minutes more each day, but not getting paid for it.  When I confronted them, I was basically told tough shit.  I quit.   Before quitting, and when the warehouse manager and the owner thought it was strange that I wasn't getting back before 5 pm (they had hoped that I would be back by 4pm and have about 45 minutes to an hour to work in the warehouse and maybe start prepping the next day's deliveries.  The manager came with me one day, and we got back by 5pm.  He said, see it can be done by 5 pm.  I could not understand why he didn't realize the only reason we were back by 5pm was because he was helping me that day, AND our lunch break was a drive through and eating while driving, so we really didn't stop.   I'm sorry, but if my title is delivery driver, then driving is part of my job, and I'm not "taking my break" while I'm driving.  I took advantage of my hour lunch break, I would usually do reading for college classes on my iPad or even homework a few times.   I'm sure they hired some idiot that was willing to be a bitch for 12 bucks an hour after I left.
1	Well that's the thing, what mistakes have they actually repeated? And I wouldn't call two separate fines for two separate and different situations a repeat.   For the most part, they haven't repeated past mistakes, so until they make the same mistake twice, it seems they're learning from them. People just get hung up on that one mistake the first time something happens because we're all so used to other competitive organizations having very well defined and fleshed out rules that have been refined over a long period of time, while competitive LoL is still in its infancy compared to other competitive sports.   Esports is still a relatively new field and Riot is doing a lot to progress it, which carries with it the fact that they don't have much to go off of, because, afaik, nobody has really taken esports this far yet. Yes, there's been Starcraft and CS and multiple other games, but definitely not on the scale of LoL.   I'm not saying Riot can do whatever they want and it's excusable, I'm just saying that we need to look at the big picture. Riot screwed up with Gambit and London, so now they're doing everything they can to make sure Worlds is all prepped and ready to go, to prevent that situation from happening again. This issue with Regi (who imo does deserve to get punished) will hopefully bring around some changes to the rulebook. Maybe refining the rule they cited to fine Regi, as well as a rule to explicitly mention that players shouldn't be announced as playing in the LCS before they're cleared. Riot should be adding things to the rule book as the situations arise, and I'm sure they will, of course they couldn't have done it while the Regi situation is still ongoing, because it looks very bad if you make a new rule for that situation, while that situation is still a problem.
1	I find that hourglass is the absolute best item for him.  The armor is nice for the extra tankiness, the ap is enough to add another 1% to his tears, and the proc is great for after using your ult.  You bandage grab in, turn on tears, ult, tantrum, and use hourglass right when your ult's effect wears off.  Your tears will still damage the enemies and nearly every time the whole team will target you immediately after your ult.
1	Hmm... yeah. But I had it with several other clips too, I'll try to explain it to you. See, your title of the video, 'JUST' another day for Diamond, suggests that it's just a regular day for Diamond. While actually he's making some unbelievable plays, which are hard to reproduce for other players. But some clips in this video were just like 'nice' plays, but not like 'WOW, that's sick dude'.  And I know how hard it is to get good clips for this, since you can't make one sick play after the other.  Oh, and this is just advice from my point of view. So if you thinks it's nonsense, just ignore it. And I don't mean in any way to insult you/your video, since the overall quality was rather good. And I know how much shittons of work go into the making of just a short video.
0	I think most people who favor feminism over Chivalry are younger people.  Hell I used to be one.  As you get older things have more meaning.  Gestures and politeness have more meaning.  There is also a code of conduct for being young, however its dramatically different than say, 30+ or 40+.  Each decade of life brings more meaning (good or bad) but I think its safe to say that the older you get, the more important it becomes to adhere to the code of conduct society has agreed on.
1	There is an fairly simple mathematical factor that describes why the tribunal does rogue cases, or lesser justified bans pretty much in order to work. And why these can never be fully eliminated. This is a long post, filled with math, and assumptions to make explaining easier. And this is kind of a simplified version of what I could write, just to demonstrate a couple of concepts.   Establishing toxicity level   With a couple of assumptions we can assume that the toxicity percentile of the player base can be expressed as a percentage chance of a person getting reported. This ranges from a limit factor of 100 (although in theory it would be able to exceed that number as more than one person can report you), to a limit of 0%.   We can assume that this can be shown as a normal distribution curve, where I believe the peak would be somewhere around 20%. Face the fact, you probably get reported every fifth game.   We need one more assumption to form a hypothesis, we can assume that the whole player base plays the same amount of games. So, let's get cracking.   The majority of reports are "rogue reports"   According to normal distribution, we can assume that 90% of the players per game (from now on players) have around 20% chance getting reported. And let's assume the lower 5% of players has 70% chance. This means that the majority of reports come from normal players. So riot introduces filters in order to eliminate those. I have no clue how these work, but I am pretty confident on that they do.   Hit ratio of filters and tweeks   Let's say these filters are tweaked to include most of the toxic players the filter will have a hit ratio on finding these players that can be expressed as an exponential graph, with a drop off towards the 10-15 percentile offenders. Exponential curves reach a limit-0 at in indefinite time. So even with a good dropoff, it is impossible for the tribunal to perfectly distinct between players from 10% tox and 50%. It is however possible to capture a big amount of players within a target area, based on data on player behaviour, but this WILL always bleed over to the big player pool that has 20% report ratio. Not by much, it is just mathematically impossible for this not to happen, based on the huge sample size. This bleed is larger in proportion than it seems, as demonstration on why consider that a 10% of half the players is as many as 100% of 5% of the players. This rate is according to riot somewhere around 0.01%, small in essence, but a huge amount of players considering 5 mill players.   conclusion   Does this mean the tribunal is broken, in essence yes. As none of the normal players should ever be punished in the tribunal. But it is not possible to develop a system that doesn't have these errors, as there is no such thing as a definite factor to measure in a system that measures such a big sample size and no distinctive behaviours that can be broken down. But riot states that the false punish rare is 0,01%, what is an incredibly low number for such a system. One could even argue that this number could be higher in order to catch more toxic players, but I would not support the idea.   So when anyone says the system is broken, look at these three factors.   The higher the hit ratio of tribunal cases is (% punished), the better the filter is (some people have been arguing this to be the opposite lately).   Alternative 1, would be to let all cases through releasing the filters, that would mean tons of pardons and low chance of getting a really toxic report. Meaning the chance of toxic players to be punished would also diminish.   Alternative 2, no tribunal but manual riot driven punishment, unless it's a huge army of people this will never be able to capture the same amount of perpetrators. In essence, fewer toxic bans.   So my conclusion would be, tribunal is maybe faulty, but it might be the best punishment system developed. And I do believe the data from the tribunal is used to further enhance the filters, making the tribunal in effect improve itself by capturing player behaviour patterns.
1	Explanation here. WAKE UP RITO, FOR ONCE!   It's an old tactic and the safest way to boost if you're not really sure of what you are doing by logging into clients' accounts, it's also less intrusive. Basically, that account with the fancy Trynd stats is his smurf. He loses a ton of games to tank his MMR to some ludicrously low value, then duo queues with a client who, say, is Silver V and wants to get boosted to Gold.   When he is duo queing he obviously tryhards with Tryndamere and, because he's probably a Diamond+ player, and is being matched with Silver players, he stomps all over them.   The problem with this is that it is not a very effective way of boosting. Why? For one, the MMR disparity is HUGE, which means that, say his MMR is 600 elo, his duo is 1400. Together, they average 1000 elo, which means the opposing team will have MMRs around 1000 elo.   Now say that they win the game (obviously). The 1400 elo player won  against 1000 elo, as the system expected he'd do 80% of the time, so the system compensates that and he receives less LP, probably 8-10 instead of 20. Oppositely, his smurf account with 600 elo just won vs ~1000, which the system did not expect to happen, so he is compensated with a high LP amount, probably receives 30-40 lp for that single victory instead of 20.   What that means is that when doing this, his MMR (and consequently LP) raise really fast, so for every game he wins this way, he has to troll 2-3 games to tank it back down. And his client will be climbing reaaaaaally slowly. It's a long and ineffective process.   HOWEVER , when Season 3 arrived with that fancy "promo" matches, things got really, really, really interesting and boosters all over the world rejoiced. Why? Think about it, when you are into a promo the system  doesn't  care what the enemy MMR is, or how much LP you'd win. It just cares if you win or not. If you win 3 out of 5 games of your Diamond V promotion, even if against Snow V people, it still counts as victories, and you still advance through the promos. So, just duo queue when in promo and voilá. Not only that, until recently you couldn't drop Tiers. Free money and free gold/plat/dia borders for everyone!   But wait, we can still exploit this a little further: let's say he has/is a highly skilled player close to his Challenger promotions. As any Challenger player worth his salt will tell you, if anything it's luck more than anything that guarantees that you win those promotions at your first try. That, + the hardcore clamping that occurs at Dia I + DdOS'ers + ragers/afks in general, make it really tempting to just be done with those matches at your first try, and enjoy the 1 week (or 2 weeks, dunno) immunity to demotion you get.   So... your highly skilled friend whom you met at Diamond I creates an account and trolls his way to negative elo. Then, you duo queue, one in a challenger account, the other in the smurf account.   Play 3 games in a row against Platinum players as Diamond I/almost challenger and enjoy the free promotion to the highest, most competitive tier in the game.
1	Dont get me wrong. I love dominion as a gamemode.i love the map and music but i do think it is meant to be fun not competitive. "Its fast and fun" thats dominion. U can do whatever u want on that map. If it were to go competitive it would mean it would get balancing. And dominion is really hard to balance. Its not like SR or TT.
0	I heard this story from my grandmother (my uncle's mother in law) because she was raving about how great a guy he was:   Apparently my grandma was in a parking lot and while backing out of a parking space she was rear ended by a guy in a truck with a plow on the front. There was a police officer nearby who seemed to know the man in the truck so when my grandmother was explaining what happened the officer wasn't even paying attention. The plow on the front was broken so the guy said he might sue for the damages caused from the accident which was not nearly hard enough to cause damage to a plow. So now my grandmother is home with a ticket, grandpa is out of town and she wants to fight it. She was talking about it to her daughter (my aunt) who then told my uncle (GGG) and he offered to help.   Now most of us have gotten tickets and know it's not usual to bring a lawyer to fight a traffic ticket so the judge was pretty surprised to see one. My uncle had done his homework on the ticket and traffic laws since he is a lawyer who specializes in on the job injuries and getting insurance money. When it came my uncle's turn to speak he explained that the ticket that the officer wrote is actually meant for a roadway and not a parking lot and therefore should be voided. There was a bunch of other legal jargon in there that I didn't understand but before my uncle could even finish the judge said alright you're free to go and wrote it off.   It was on the way home when she insisted on paying him. She said it was the least she could do for having him take time off of work to go help her. He said he would accept payment, and only because he loved the apple pies that she made and it would be more than enough if she made one special for him.
0	When I was a sophomore in highschool, My mom was out of town and I had nothing to do; as my sister was on the computer playing Sims. So, I decided to whittle some soap for my mom as a welcome home present, Because it couldn't be to hard right? Well, long story short I sliced my finger clean open and it got so deep you could see bone. So instead of going to the hospital, I freak out and tell my sister (20 at the time) to not tell mom and lets go to walgreens and get some band-aids. She's panicking, so she agrees and we're off.   We arrive and i dart directly to the pharmacy. (They have white coats so they know best, right?) I ask the lady behind the counter if she thinks i might need stitches. (at this point, my hand is wrapped with about a half a roll of paper towel.) She tells me to unroll it, and i get about halfway down and the amount of blood seems to double after each unravel. The look on her face was "Wtf bro, your hand is literally dripping blood, and you think a band-aid will fix it?" She says to go to a hospital immediately. My sister and I oblige,  BUT FIRST  we just  HAVE  to get some gauze wrap, because we don't want my mom to know. but there is a line. a long line.   So here I am, My hand above my head (because I saw it on  untold stories of the E.R.  and it saved a mans life or something), blood dripping down my arm, I feel like I'm losing consciousness,  and people are staring. I begin to feel so lightheaded I start to panick, and make sure I'm still awake and not dreaming by screaming. Yup, I started screaming. In the middle of the line. At a walgreens. ಠ_ಠ. I begin yelling "I THINK I MIGHT PASS OUT" and "AM I STILL AWAKE?" and "IT DOESN'T HURT, AM I GOING INTO SHOCK?!". My sister at this point is freaking out. So we get moved to the front of the line, and we're out of the store. When we arrive at the emergency room, we do all the monotonous paper work, and they said the doctor will see me shortly. I'm not panicking as much because, hey, if I pass out here there are a bunch of doctors around! The woman then asks me "Was the blade clean?" and I snicker to myself and say "well, I was cutting soap." She cringed and went to get the doctor for the stitches.
1	If they can't beat some random thrown-together team(necrofantasia), what makes you think that can beat any of the LCS teams?   They blamed their loss on "cheese", but that was nothing but a poor excuse. They lost in pick an ban phase by: A. Giving Soraka up on the 4.6 patch, while getting nothing special in return AND not having any kind of answer to giving up the most important champion on that patch.  B. The reason they claim their loss was "cheese" was because they also picked jungle fiddle. Azingys most played jungle champion is easy, and that is what he played in most of the games that necrofantasia had in ranked 5's. They failed to deny Azingy blue buff which is just throwing away the game against a fiddle raka comp.   They 100% deserved to lose that game.   T8 honestly has never shown up when it matters and fails to ever produce any meaningful results. Their biggest claim to fame was either: 1.winning LSC3 against teams that either didn't care about the tournament, had subs, was their last day of playing, or was thrown together the day before, or 2. Taking a single game off of an LMQ that didn't need to take that game seriously to affect their chances of making it into the LCS.
0	Does it not bother anyone else that almost every tiny transaction at the pharmacy counter requires a HIPAA acknowledgement, but these conversations are allowed to happen in the open, sans privacy?   How it goes down...   Customer:  I'm here to pick up my prescription.   PharmTech:  Ok, under what last name?   Customer:  Williams.   PharmTech, walks over to the bins: First name?   Customer:  Um, Jake.   PharmTech:  Oh, here it is.  2 scrips, right? Valtrex and Phenergen suppositories?  Do you know how to use these?  Do you have any questions?   Customer:  Aw for fucks sake, hurry it up already!
0	Can I just, say as someone who currently works as a special needs educator, that this is literally the most popular opinion that exists? Maybe people won't say they feel this way but most people obviously do. I mean, there just is no funding. When education budgets get cut, special needs funding is the first to go because apparently everyone agrees with you.   There are a million points I could make about how wrong this is, but I'll just stick with the money theme: it ends up costing society a lot more to care for individuals with developmental disabilities specifically because the education budget is so gutted. If more people cared about providing a decent education to this population many students would acquire more effective life skills and better integrate themselves into society. Because this isn't often the case, a student may end up never learning to toilet themselves or tie their own shoes having to rely on multiple staff funded by the state for their entire lives.
0	Ok so i might have exaggerated the 60kg lifts. Theyre all machine lifts on their own but we have product like gun safes that need two or more ppl to lift. We have a system that gives you a specific time for weights, distance, shift length etc. All based on safe weight limits and working procedures. If they cant hit 100% theyre an obese mess or lazy as fuck.
1	You do realize you would never be able to get BC that early unless you're mid and rush it as your first item, right?   If you're mid you won't get off free Q's, you have to go all in with your E as an initiate.
0	Well I don't, any more. Not since my C6-7 discectomy about 13 months ago. Now I just have some bulging discs at C4-5 and C5-6. Didn't come to find out until after the operation that I have a family history of this.. My dad found out he has some serious lumbar problems, and apparently my mom's mother had a cervical discectomy when she was in her 20's also. Basically, it was almost just a matter of time before something went in my neck. Actually, the idea that I might have done it to myself is last thing I want to admit. But.. the sad truth is, the  only  time in the 4 or 5 years leading up to the operation that I can think of causing any sort of injury to my cervical spine is that one time I cracked my neck a little too hard and  felt a pop .   Just to clarify: I  did  have a herniated cervical disc, it was probably set to herniate around this point in my life due to my genetics, and it's fairly likely the final straw was when I cracked my neck a little too hard.
0	I actually worked for the Kirby company for a few months. I found that I am actually a decent salesman and was actually making between $500-$700 a week. Then they start throwing in these random stipulations that made it okay to then pay me like $5 or $10 after working my ass off easily over 60 hours a week. As well they had us doing really underhanded business tactics. Needless to say it went from "Wow! Not bad!" To "Fuck this underhanded immoral company!" I could go on and on about it but I'll cut it as short as possible.
0	Fair questions   1) if you create a limited audio file (heavily compressed) you cannot uncompress it... so there isn't a possible way to do it the other way around, but I see your point... this is why television compresses so hard, because they want to appeal to the masses and everything to be on an even level (radio too)   2) your dvd does have compression, just nothing like what you see on TV... and blu-ray is an even bigger lack of compression. let's talk about it in terms of your music purchases:   When you buy an MP3, the codec is taking a WAV file and making it from about 12 megs to about 3 megs, right? Well to do that, it has to remove a lot of information, so what it does is take all the lowest of lows and highest of highs (audibly speaking) and squishes it together so it fits like a nice even tube of tooth paste... while this works well for sending files and listening in ear buds, it doesn't fare so well for car stereos or worse (DJ equipment, etc).... and once you have turned something into an MP3, you cannot undo it back to wav... sure you can convert back to wav physically, but the damage is done... the new wav file will look like the same 12 meg file, but it's actually the 3 meg file just stretched out to SEEM like its 12 megs...   The reason we have dynamic range is simple... emotion... films were never meant to be watched while feeding your baby or doing the dishes... While I can understand and agree to some point that there should be a better explanation for the masses or perhaps a one click button that compresses everything, but this isn't done (i'm assuming) because it's like saying "thanks for the hard work audio guys... now suck it"   Do you pirate movies? You'll notice that the most common codec right now for HD downloads is under 2 gigs.... 2 gigs!!!! A dual layer blu-ray can handle 50 gigs of space.... you are squashing that 25x to make it more accessible for pirates.
0	Pickup line: If I flip a coin, what are the chances of me getting head?   Follow up (if the answer is "none"): So it's a 100% chance of me getting tail?   In one of my classes there is this awkward Indian kid. He has a super-calculator that the teacher doesn't let him use on tests and he is our school's hallway runner. During our free time in the class, we like to play Uno, but we don't let him play unless he uses the pickup line above on a cute blonde girl in our class. After reluctantly watching us play Uno for a whole semester, one day while the girl is gone, he decides to practice on another girl (whom he apparently decides is not as risky). But in the excitement, he jumbles up a couple words and what comes out is: "If I flip a coin, will you give me head?" Needless to say, that is my pickup line from now on.
1	Regardless of feelings on either side of the debate, odds are that solo queue is here to stay.  However, rather than its existence being its main fault, I feel the importance placed on solo queue Elo is the true issue.  With enough incentive (special badges, summoner icons, skins, champion design/input opportunities, item naming privileges, etc.), there is no reason ranked 5's should not become the main metric and bragging point within the community.   Furthermore, if the prize pool continues to grow and tournaments for Lol continue to appear (especially smaller scale tourneys), the importance of premade 5's will grow, regardless of the incentives offered by Riot.
1	They should not. I like current TT jungle :     3v3 on a small map implies a lot early ganks and skimirshes, therefore making tanky bruisers strong picks, and bulky champions can handle the old jungle     if you've tried jungling TT, you'll notice that if camps were fast respawning and easier, you would need to roam the map a lot more, thats already quite difficult to jungle without getting ganked     you are going to build resistance on most champions played in 3v3, there will be at least one wriggle, making jungling very manageable     getting the jungle farm is very important to win on TT, important objectives should not be easy to get     3v3 meta is more versatile than 5v5, since it relies a lot on a 3 champ synergy, if you get a good 3 champ combo, it often worth (and fun) trying     map being quite tight teamates can help a lot at start without being late in their lane
0	Supply and demand. There is more of a demand for ebooks than true books these days, therefore you can charge more for ebooks than you can for a true book.   If you want an ebook (and there are lots of reasons you would, for example not wasting paper resources, saving space, etc..), and your budget for a book is 10 dollars, and the ebook costs 15, you might well say "fuck it" and buy the ebook. Further, most people shop for books online these days. You also get an ebook instantly.   Now let's say you have a budget of 10 bucks, and you want the ebook (which is cheaper for them to produce). You can't afford the 15 dollar ebook, but perhaps you can afford the paper version. This may not be as good to the customer as the ebook, but it is cheaper. The company selling it won't earn as much as they would from the ebook, but they are still making a profit.
1	This is just bullshit. Yes it is bad if one company has the whole market under control for a certain product because they can lower quality and ask for more money because no one else can offer the product.   Streaming is a completely different thing. There is a ton of potential money in the market and as soon as twitch start to get shitty a bunch of new services will come out of nowhere and take over. You don't need much to start a site like twitch (compared to producing cars for example) and there's an insane amount of investors that would throw money at a new service if the community is unsatisfied with twitch.   The twitch guys know that too, the crowd that uses their service is not stupid and they know they have choices. They won't just suddenly stop all the good stuff their doing and start being evil because they can.
1	Fiora might be the best counterpick in the game to low-cc AP assassins like Diana, Akali, Fizz, Kassadin (just not leblanc). Also, like pantheon, when well played she's a huge kill threat throughout the lane phase to most normal mages that lack an quick binding spell (lissandra/lux/morgana/syndra are too fast, but zyra is manageable for example).   fiora is a classic case of a champion who isn't weak, but is incredibly niche. She's not going to be valuable to someone with a smaller champion pool, but once you have most of the champions and a good intuition on how to pick against the enemy team, you can have consistent success with this type of champion.   if you sit down with an intention to play 10 fiora games one night you're going to have a bad time, she's not a flexible champion.
0	Thanks asshole you're only 5 years late. Smh why didn't you fax this to me years ago?   24 years old   6 grand in debt   Not great credit, some borrowers will lend money.
1	too long great
1	black is a color of strength, authority and tradition. Mix that with a uniform that is mostly consistent then you can create an iconic look for what a TSM player is to the public and to the team. I think it will help over the years when TSM grows to make the changes that are necessary less of a PR problem since the uniform represents the TSM organization.   It also plays a part in how TSM members view eachother when wearing the uniform. Much like police will fraternize over similar or identical dress code and job, Teams fraternize over Jersey and dress code allowing them to see each other as a unit.   Perhaps the only Thing I would add to the uniform is to denote who is the captain in some way, perhaps a C on the uniform of Bjerg somewhere.   It isn't a cure-all problem when it comes to teamwork, (even though CLG does look great in their kits) since it is about perception of uniformity when in the public eye and doesn't translate over to private conversation. But it can make everyone see the bigger picture and understand that someone else can be wearing that jersey next week if they don't perform
1	Being an active tournament player sounds extremely stressful. Fuck the haters, on any Twitch stream there'll be a bunch of assholes saying that anyone who ever makes the slightest mistep or overconfident play should kill themselves, and there's a reason that they're spreading negative energy in chat and you're one of the better known junglers in North America. Me and my friend were practicing shoutcasting and we saw you mid playing Ahri, and you did a damn good job.
0	My father-in-law received a letter from a man who saw him pull into a handicapped spot and walk inside a Sears.  The guy berated him for being able-bodied enough to walk without any assistance, and juking the system.  I asked him to call the police or DMV and find out who looked up his mailing address through his license plate, so I could personally go to this jerk's house and explain to him that, during a prior heart bypass surgery, they took vessels from his legs, and now he experiences pain if he has to walk long distances.
1	So I tried playing HoN as a change of pace from LoL, the matchmaking system was confusing i remembered there being like two options one I though was ranked the other labeled as casual (I think) which I thought would be like normal in League so i queued in that. After a few games of getting completely hammered I was wondering why these people just starting were so good eventually on my 5th game someone kept pointing out how bad I was and i just told him relax its my 5th game. He then asked why I was playing ranked then. So basically the whole time I was playing ranked matches without knowing I was. I had a friendly conversation with the team after saying my bad and a few of them offered to play non ranked games with me and show me the ropes of HoN.
1	The title should be changed to be honest. This is yet another example of Reddit leading new players into bad habits. There is never one thing that you should always do. Everything needs to be decided game by game.   This whole post is the same as saying for your money you do more damage starting with doran's blade than boots. While this is true it is often the case that you will need the health pots and the bonus move speed to even survive in lane.
1	Yep, as another player with over 1k nidalee games, bruiser nid is LITERALLY in the worst spot she's ever been in. All of her top-lane matchups suck, and she doesn't have the defensive stats or itemization to go toe to toe with any other bruiser. Toplane nidalee as AP is still very viable (and incredibly obnoxious, with roughly the same split push strength as old bruiser nid, esp if you get a lichbane early), but even since the tear nerfs and the manamura changes, ad nida just isn't viable. She was at her prime in late season1/early season two when wriggles was cheap as shit and gave 15% lifeseteal, then when they nerfed wriggles she was still a pretty strong duelist who could benefit from a couple dorans blades into an early trinity force. In s3 after the removal of defensive stats from cougar, I had the most success with a glass cannon assasin build utilizing BOTRK and manamura to just instantly dump your 2k mana into extra damage from the muramana active.
1	Garen isn't op at all. He has a strong lane phase against certain champs or people who have no clue how to fight him. He has to build tanky to remain relevant in the late game, and even then, it's not like he's a late game terror or anything, he can just tank for days.   By contrast, Jayce or Jax also have scary lane phases, but if they go 3/0 or better in lane your whole team will start to fidget in their seats because they don't wanna deal with their teamfight power.
1	I honestly think this has blown way out of proportion. And once again we see a lot of people just hating on XJ9 because he did unforgivable things in the past and whatnot.   Yeah guys, he deserves his ban. Yeah guys, he is a prick by our definition. Yeah he shouldn't be unbanned going by Lyte's post about other issues he is legally bound to not say on here.   But.   Why did the debate turn into "should he be banned?" LS mostly talked about the insane abuse XJ9 must have witnessed in the thread where he got "re-smited". He mentioned numerous times that he doesnt defend his actions and would never call them anything but stupid.   And that's my honest opinion about it. Yeah okay, keep the ban on him that's fine. Don't make it public on reddit though and don't let comments asking him to kill himself stay up - we do have a witchhunting rule on here right? He might deserve a ban, but he is also human and deserves some 'human rights', nobody should be put through reading that shit. And you know he would read that shit.
1	Blitz is probably one the most annoying supports because he can engage without risking much. In a 2v2 fight with no advantage yet (no kills or massive cs leads) he can pretty much start fights whenever he wants to, mainly because in his combo he can take you down for a lot of damage without letting you respond in kind.   The grab factor also changes the lane so much that avoiding grabs becomes your highest priority, which, for many lower elo players, means losing the lane in terms of farm, and reflects very strongly in their mid-late game.     Blitz is perfectly balanced, both in solo queue games and team games. He's a bit meaner in solo queue because a lot of players get grabbed unnecessarily. He's a great initiator but can be shut down so much during the laning phase, so it balances out for team games. After his combo, Blitz is pretty much useless. That combo is also (mostly) used for one champion and the initiate for a fight. When you compare him to Leona, who can initiate almost as well but do a lot more with her kit during fights, he's really not that great in the mid-late game unless he snowballs his lane (which he's quite good at).     Squishy supports don't do well against Blitz, especially if you get grabbed. Leona loves him though. If he grabs you, you can W before he knocks you up and negate a lot of damage, not to mention after he grabs you, you get a free ticket to locking down either Blitz or his ADC while your ADC can auto for the win. I like most support champions, but at lower elo and especially with an ADC that isn't very good, Blitz can just destroy the lane. It's pretty easy to dodge his Q once you have boots as a support (you should almost always be able to dodge/zone his Q as an ADC), and if he can't land grabs he can't support.     The nerf was great, because he was incredibly tanky, and the strat to use against Blitz is mainly poke him down so if he grabs you, you can kill him. You won't notice it unless you use it, and I'm guessing you don't do it as much.     Play either very passive or very aggressive. If you play passively, place yourself so that your minions are always in front of you. Expect him to grab you whenever he can, but notice how far his ADC is from where he is/where you are. If the range is far enough from his ADC, don't be afraid to let yourself get grabbed so that you can put it on cooldown. If his ADC is in a position where they have to use abilities to get to you, then you want to get grabbed.       I like to play in his face and take away the grab factor. Pick Graves and Taric and go balls deep on him early on (level 3 works best). If he grabs Taric, go for his ADC and trade with them 1v1 since only MF/Draven can trade equally or favorable against Graves early. If he grabs Graves, stun their ADC and run straight at him. Once Graves is out of the combo, he can turn on the ADC as well and blow them up. Blitz is essentially useless after his grab/fist, so use that to your advantage.   What we like to do botlane is to be so aggressive that Blitz has to use his hook to get us off the ADC. Once he can't force you to miss CS or zone you, it's almost a 1v2 lane for you.   Your ADC doesn't matter as much, the key point is to choose the right support. You want either a passive support that can keep you save from any grabs, such as Nunu, Alistar, Janna or Taric, or a very aggressive support such as Leona, Taric or Janna (if you can actually play her aggressively).   It goes without saying that to pick Kog'maw or Ashe would be silly. Graves, Miss Fortune, Ezreal, Draven and Corki all work fairly well against Blitz. If you take a Draven/Taric or Graves/Taric combo, you can play the lane either way (passive or aggressive), and I think it's the safest combo to play against him.
1	But as for the reasons the koreans/chinese do this.,I doubt they have any personal quells but rather quells with the korean government. We still haven't got an apology for ww2 or japans time in korea when they enslaved the whole population desteoyed the culture and language and raped tortured and killed the people.   They don't hate all japanese it is more that they have immense anger at the government and will take end up taking it out on innocent people ie the japanes lol community
0	I don't want trigger warnings to protect myself from   > bullies, insults, and assholes   I'm recovering from suicidal depression, and I have a limited amount of energy to handle the kind of shit that made me want to kill myself before I need someone to hide the knives. I want to use that energy to tolerate the unavoidable (your aforementioned "bullies, insults, and assholes"), instead of being blindsided by what was advertised as a heartwarming story about a chocolate shop. In terms of negative psychological impact, there's a huge difference between hearing the words "abusive marriage" and seeing a bruised woman cry because she is terrified of her husband. With my brain, I can either deal with my everyday stressors (work, family, broken car, etc.), OR I can watch  Chocolat . If I overload, I have to stop myself from walking into traffic. So if I can walk away before it gets to that point, it doesn't just mean I don't feel bad - it means I get to keep my job, because I can trust myself to leave the house.   Given the millions of people who have the same disorder, and the fact that medication only works 30% of the time, I don't think a single word of warning, something I look up on my own whenever possible, is unreasonable. I think it's merciful, and it has allowed me to recover much faster than I'd have been able to otherwise. It's not really any different from having braille on elevator buttons, or allergy warnings in restaurants. It harms nobody, and enables me to have something approaching a normal life.
1	Not totally agree.   I recently did a game as Vlad against Jayce at top lane. I quickly died 4 times (ganks, dives, mistakes...) and lost turret.   After this, I was underlevel, underfarm. Guess what I did? I fed "on purpose". I mean not really, but I just pushed the lane 24/7 farming all I could and keeping pressure on their top to prevent him from roaming.   By doing this I died 3 more times, going 0/7, but I think it was totally worth it because I was not worth that much gold any more and could farm so easily.   After destroying their top turret, the fed Jayce was really overconfident in his ability in killing me and I killed him thrice and caught up to the level and farm.   I ended up winning the game with a 13/7 and enemy team was flaming each other so hard (Jayce thinking he was a boss and his team's fault for me being fed).   What I am trying to say is that feeding is not a big deal if you do it  properly . I had some luck that my team didnt flame me because they could have done it and this would have lost us the game.
1	hey, i strongly disagree with this and i hope this doesn't get circlejerked to oblivion.... there were many many games where my team won with one player less in it and also numerous occasions where we lost with player advantage. I absolutely hate when someone disconnects and my teammates immediately start typing surr20 or starting surrender votes after 20 minute mark. It very much reminds me of situations with late teamcomp. Example of my own game:  Enemy team has a 20+ kills advantage over us but we have mundo and vayne in our team and blitz is continuously starting the surrender votes. The votes are barely denied (3/2) several times by me and vayne (i was mundo) and what happens, 20 minutes pass, vayne is farmed and i am unkillable and we win the game at 45 minute mark.
1	Believe it or not, I feel like this contract is pretty much as standard as you can get for a contract to play in a league monopolized by one company.   Riot isn't out to shoot itself in the foot. It reminds me of the old Hollywood houses owning actors with indentured contracts. If you are the only game in town, you can write the rules.   This is not to say that they are evil. They are a company after all, not a commune. However...
0	As an ex military member i find this kinda insulting. There are good marriages in the army. My father has been in the Canadian forces 32 years and happily married to my mother for 25 of those. Hes done eight tours over seas and he's been nothing but a good dad. I was in for three years myself. It isn't so much stressful as just actually working at it. Military wives can be pretty nasty too. Shilo (the base I worked on) use to have a nasty tradition of military wives puting tide boxes in the window letting other soldiers know their husband was gone and she was DTF.
1	It's definately a good step to "clean up" in high elo territory for once, especially when players get money from Riot to be a professional gamer and represent their game.   On the other hand though, the times I've seen IWD on streams he wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary. There's joking trash talking in almost all games and since the introduction of the Tribunal everybody has grown really thin-skinned.   Now I don't say that what he did was right but a year long ban is also a grave punishment for somebody who relies on tournament earnings (aka pro players). Being probably 10 years above the age of the average league player I don't really get upset about flaming (which seems to be what IWD has been banned for); everyone has bad games/days every now and then and of course, you only hear about the bad ones on the Tribunal.   On the other hand you have players like Dyrus who troll and feed on purpose (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk/ragequit games. As a player I'd rather have somebody on my team who's raging at me for making a mistake (nobody rages at somebody for no reason to be honest) than somebody who's actively working for the other team to win. Of course, we won't see any punishment for Dyrus though because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also inb4 fanboy downvotes).
1	There are no "unsafe" champions nowadays. Sneaky said on Sunday as long as his flash is up, he really hadnt to worry about getting engaged on, and he played KogMaw, one of the most immobile champions in the game. The combination of summoner spells with the defensive abilities from your team (which there are a lot of in a time where most teams get a Lulu top or a Orianna mid ontop of your support) makes literally no enemy a worthwile target unless there are major positioning errors. You maybe could say they had no hard engage anyways, but it is kind a self fulfilling prophecy: If it is too hard to engage, you wont even pick champions with good engage capabilities.   Seriously what champions nowadays do you pick if you want to teamfight a lot? Maokai and Vi where you fly deep behind enemy defense lines because the adc flashes while you jump to them? Malphite and Hecarim where in the worst case you miss your target because they flashed, leaving you defenseless? Fiddlesticks and Lissandra who rely heavily on flanking enemies (which got harder because of trinkets) and also get poked during sieges? Renekton, Nasus and Shyvana which get ccd and the heavily kited? Every assassin which will not break through the heals and shield? The only teamfight pressure whatsoever nowadays comes from supports with their optional self follow up. Leona ult didnt hit? Just dont go in play safe again? Morgana binding hit a valuable target? Flash+Ult+Blackshield+maybe zhonyas. Nami bubble did hit? Let the tides come!   This was always on the edge of being a problem in LoL, the differences between season 2 and season for though is now you have even more tools to defend with items that can cleanse and supports that are even able to buy these, with enough champions that you always can pick a good poke combo with enough stun pressure so you dont get engaged on regardless of bans, with enough trinkets wards and vision that traps are mostly a thing of the past.   League became too calculative. If you dont make mistakes (which the pros dont do a lot) you wont die. There is no uncearnity, there is no risk taking. In an attempt to be able to counter every aggressions if you play right it happend, you can now counter everything, not by following your own plans, but by stopping the enemy right in their tracks. See become heavy defense based supports become a thing again (like sona, soraka, janna) and you can say goodbye to kills in league of legends.
1	Yeah, I have lots of experience dominating shitty people lately (climbed from 720 to 1030 elo) and this man is correct when it comes to playing with noobs.   Wards are great but if you are the best player on your team it is possible to be over spending on them. They are only 75 gold but if your shitty teammates don't pay attention to them and get ganked anyway then they are a waste. EDIT: I don't mean don't get them, in reality the time they take to plant if you must walk 20 seconds there and back to plant them is a HUGE chunk of time.   I have had games where I end up with 100+ more CS than the other teams average. Being up 1000 gold by the start of the mid game usually is the beginning of the snowball that rolls me to my victories.   Once you start the mid game, it is so dependent on who you are. As mundo I would focus on pressuring the enemy. Keep them defending, chasing, reacting, etc to you so they can't capitalize on the other 4 retards on your team standing in bushes waiting. When I play veigar I would focus most on farming and as carefully as possible becoming the voice of the team. Since you can't push alone you will need to be on the same page as the others. Not saying I need to be the leader or anything, it's just the point in the game that the dummies realize they want to win and you are the only person who is making sense.   If you are playing with noobs I would definitely suggest picking someone like singed or mundo who have the two things I value most. #1 The ability to pressure turrets and get away and that #2 in team fights it is a terrible idea to target them first. Playing veigar I feel completely reliant on my team knowing what to do, I can burst carries in team fights and gank them, but i can't take the wheel and drive my team to a win. As mundo I can pressure turrets whenever the other team is out of position and if the other team wants to target me first in team fights then fine, even 4 noobs should be able to beat 5 noobs who just wasted every spell on mundo in a team fight.   EDIT: I have no idea what Elo you are at, I don't want to say you are a noob or that I can do this at 1200 or 1400 or even 1100 Elo. However, I have seen posts on reddit where people claim they are sub 1000 Elo and do not know why. Well I used to think that but I have learned what winning involves, and played games where I felt I was the only one.
1	I think itemization for tank junglers right now is in a good spot. As a jungler, I can never buy every item I want. My builds after I finish core items for specific champs are ALWAYS different and based around the game I am in. I have to make tough calls like give up HP for the utility and armor of a frozen heart, or take a safer route and go warmog's or randuins so I don't get bursted quickly. Basically, I always have to sacrifice  something  which makes tanks strong. For example, against a balanced/bursty team comp, I might have to sacrifice utility for pure HP/Armor/MR stats, or sacrifice armor against a fed mage. While of course some builds are obvious, such as the Randuins + Thornmai + FR combo against a strong ADC or a full AD team comp, you have to remember,  building this way is a weakness in the enemy team which I am countering . I can't take this auto-attack hating build into a game against a strong AP mid and a caster ADC and expect to do well. While I do agree that there should be more/stronger lifesteal options, I want to make sure that the jungle meta doesn't get punted back to the age where J4, Vi, Rek'sai and Nidalee were the only strong picks.
1	You can tell yourself that not killing her is very sport, and even though you'd get an advantage out of this, reflect on how bad the player would feel - of course, « lol she knew she had a bad connection why does she play xd » isn't an excuse.   I faced such situation this morning. My level 3 opponent suddenly stopped moving as my ~12 creeps wave rushed toward him. I had hit them just before, and the minions finished them, so I got the kill.   After apologizing in /all, I received « lol vlad u suck tryhard [insert foreign insults] ». Needless to say I overpushed my 3 levels advantage and snowballed the lane out of control.
1	Imo CLG's individual performance, laning and strategy are the least problematic. Their teamfighting, however, has been severely lacking for the whole season and they failed to address that.   It boggles my mind that they had enough team synergy and shot-calling to pull off fantastic rotations and objective control but somehow failed to use this team synergy to win teamfights.   And the worst thing is that it felt that even the players themselves realized that, so they played with even more pressure trying to end the game before teamfights could happen...
1	I started playing ADC because I loved the 2v2 lane and Ezreal. God I love that champ dem skillshots and the many different builds you can do.   I started switching to Support recently because I hate dealing with solo que BS and just playing support avoids some team anger. Also with all my experience I know CD's matchups and when you do a good job as support I feel it is more rewarding than any other position. Saving and getting your teammates fed is just great.   However I picked up a bunch of high mobility, skill based champs (Lissandra, Zed, Fizz) and bringing them to other lanes and having a great time with there kits.   I really like certain champs in certain positions. Shen is a champ I really like to play. I feel like it is because he is such an interesting champ with his kit.
1	I remember another post about negative experiences with these guys, specifically ElderDreams. I don't wanna search for it, haha but I haven't heard of many positive experiences in dealing with them (probably because if it's a good experience, people don't feel the need to comment on it).   Erebus seems to have his head on straight, but who knows. It could be a front he puts on for the public. Who knows, I'm sure he's an okay guy but in that case he needs GOOD staff to represent the organization. You might be the face of the company, but the customers have to deal with your grunts...
0	My guess is that OP doesn't have anyone in his life with a developmental disability or physical deformity. If he did, his opinion would change. People are people regardless of whatever disability or syndrome they might have. They should be able to do whatever they'd like with their life.
0	Probably not 45 acp. The most common models are 30 Luger or 9mm Luger with few exceptions. Seeing as most of these guns now fall under "curio and relic" status, because they are over 50 years old, they are actually "easier" to acquire. I say "easier" because there is a permit that is easy to get, assuming you can legally buy guns in the first place, that allows you to buy/sell across state lines. Combine that with the fact that many states do not even require background checks on this class of weapons and you have a cool niche market. The problem: Price. As these weapons get older they become more scarce, be it from malfunction, intentional destruction or simply poor maintenance. WWII items are highly collectible and sought after, so the demand has only increased over the years as stores of these weapons have begun to dry up. These historic arms are now worth a considerable amount, even compared to 10 years ago, so while the price may be high it will continue to rise. They are great investments/collectors items, but having one as an heirloom is irreplaceable and if you have any interest in firearms or history I implore you to secure that Luger and make sure it gets passed down and cherished. Or contact me and I'd be happy to make you an offer =-P
1	But Wickd, you're a way better player than we are, so this doesn't count!"   WELL MAYBE THERE'S YOUR PROBLEM. Enough players have done this to show that if you're "good enough", you can carry yourself to your "true" Elo without too much trouble. Saintvicious did it when he was hacked, TSM did it when they switched to EU-W server. Countless players do it every day, and you can too.   My problem with the concept of Elo Hell is that it is an incredibly vague term/mindset used to justify why YOU belong at a higher ranking and that the only reason you are not is because everyone else is holding you back. If you think about it, that's a pretty shitty mindset to have which will not only contribute to the toxic game environment that so many complain about, but also stunt your growth as a player.   I've had my fair share of leavers and trolls, but I can't only blame them for why I'm 1300. I'm only 1300 because as a player, I have a lot of improving to do. I used to have the same mindset, which is actually partly why I didn't do so well in my early ranked. I thought I was hot shit and that it was only my incompetent teammates screwing me over. One day, my 1750 Elo housemate let me play a game on his account, and needless to say, I got STOMPED on. This really put things in perspective, as I realized that maybe I really do belong where I am. I'm not hot shit, and if I want to raise my Elo, I have a lot of improving to do.   Sure, Wickd is a 2k Elo player, of course he carried himself out. But what about the people who are "only" 1800? What about those that are 1600? 1400? They all had to deal with the same shit you did, but they somehow managed to climb their way out, so why can't you?   Do I believe in Elo Hell? Yes, but what differs here is that I define it as the approximate range in which most players have this crappy mindset that I mentioned above. It's not about player skill, but about arrogance, attitude and the tendency to blame everyone else. So in essence, you are the ones not manufacturing this so called "hell", but also perpetuating it. Once you realize this, not only will you improve as a player, but you will also have more fun, and hopefully make this community that much better.
1	sport spɔːt/Submit noun 1. an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment.   league is teams competing against one another   the finger bashing, co-ordinating in a game and the schedule they follow can be considered physical exertion to some degree   of course skill is involved
1	Very few do, Most just sit around and wait for the pros to tell them a build works. Remember how shyvana was meh, And then she exploded because of M5?   You appear to be viewing starcraft with rose tinted glasses here. This is  exactly  how SC2 works aswell, as did BW. Infact this is how every community operates.   I really don't know what you are wanting to happen here. LoL isn't starcraft, there are no complex timings to work out, it's extremely obvious what the best builds are most of the time (I do play AD carry though which is perhaps the easiest to figure out in those terms). What I do agree is that actual ingame  tactics  are a very unexplored area of the game, and are only recently being developed with pro teams actually starting to time objectives properly and opt for certain strategies regarding them such as counter jungle / objective heavy gameplay.   Likewise it's very obvious which heroes are good at what for the most part. I also think you underestimate how much the pros theorycraft, Riot releases all the numbers for every champion. It's not uncommon to hear the phrase "doesn't scale well", if you weren't being so narrow minded yourself you might actually think what a phrase like that means. It means the actual bonuses the champion gets per level arn't good compared to other champions, the numbers are being worked out, and they don't match up.
0	Throwaway / really long:  I'm probably fairly rare, in that I'm an older virgin (almost 30) who mostly has functional social skills (you would never guess I was a virgin from seeing me interact with people, including with girls, in normal public / social settings), and while not a male model, doesn't suffer from any crippling ugliness (and has generally played sports / been in shape).   The first part is that I'm VERY "childfree," and getting a girl pregnant is totally unacceptable.  I'm also super super not cool with the idea of getting an STD.  Now, I understand that both of those are fairly preventable in a dedicated monogamous relationship.  The problem is that I'm also really against the idea of a serious official relationship, for several reasons.   One, the exclusivity thing.  That may sound strange from somebody who hasn't had sex at all, it's obviously not like "NO ONE WOMAN CAN SATISFY ME!", it just doesn't make sense to me that I would ever like somebody less because of a relationship with somebody else, just like having a best friend would never at all mean that I don't make other close friends.  I mean imagine somebody who gets married, and six years later their wife dies.  They are still young, and after a few years, they meet another great woman, and get remarried.  So what happens hypothetically if his first wife HADN'T died, and a few years later he meets the 2nd wife, that we already know he is super compatible with and can also have a great relationship with.  How / why is he supposed to like one of them LESS because of the existence of the other?  So that turns me off a little to a serious relationship.   The other issue with serious relationship is I have issues with social commitment.  I choose to spend time with my friends, but I like that outside of rare situations, I'm never OBLIGATED to spend time with them.  In a relationship, you are obligated to spend lots of time together.  Don't get me wrong, I understand that in a healthy relationship, you WANT to spend lots of time together, but I would still feel that obligation looming in the background.  I also value my independence.  When couples make a shared facebook page, that seems so horrible to me.  I totally understand that that kind of thing is rare and considered a bit extreme, but even in a "normal" relationship, I'm uncomfortable with the extent to which the two people become a "unit."  I also need my own space.  If I had a hypothetical fantasy relationship, I wouldn't share an apartment with my girlfriend.  I would live in my own apartment, and she would live in the apartment across the hall from me.  That feels like a perfectly normal desire to me, but I get the impression that it's not.   I also have one particular weakness in my social skills (This might be related to some head injuries which I'll mention in more detail later).  I get really uncomfortable in any social situation where it would be weird if i just did nothing for 30 seconds.  This is only social situations, at work I have no issue giving a presentation, or leading a team of 25 people, where I am obviously the center of attention and can't just check out for a while.  But in social situations, this is the one thing I struggle to deal with.  Note that I actually talk a fair amount and mostly am not a wallflower, but part of being comfortable with that is knowing that I COULD check out and do / say nothing if i wanted to.  If I'm hanging out with a group of nine people, I'm socially, talkative, funny, can be comfortable and flirty with women, etc..., because I know that I have the option to just chill.  If I'm on a 1 on 1 date with a woman, that doesn't work at all, especially if it's a date type setting where there is pressure on me to help ensure we have a good time.  If I'm 1 on 1 with a girl at work for a while, or me and some girl start talking 1 on 1 in the waiting room of an office, those are totally fine.  Probably because if it's boring, she will think "work was boring" or "that waiting room was boring," whereas on a date type situation she would thing "1234567890pl is boring."  Obviously that's a huge barrier to sex, if you are in the kind of social situation getting even close to sex, you obviously can't really just check out and do nothing for a while (I know, queue jokes about "my ex GF would check out and do nothing for a while DURING sex.").  I've never even seriously made out with anybody because of this.  And this is separate from some sort of performance anxiety / being nervous about not being a good kisser / good sexer / whatever, this is just it's own separate issue.  It's not even really "being nervous" at all, its of a feeling of being a bit overwhelmed / pressured / confused / tired, like you need to step outside for some simplicity and fresh air.  I could get more comfortable with this from knowing the person for a long time, but that would probably require being close friends with the girl for a long time first.   So casual sex is out, because pregnancies and STDs are super not cool.  Relationships are mostly out because I'm not really ok with the idea of an official serious relationship.  And even situations like just going somewhere private and making out are also very difficult because as charming and funny and smart and nice and social as I can be in larger social settings, I can't deal with that sort of 1 on 1.  While I try not to lead girls on, this can lead to an awkward situation where I like a girl and find her attractive, chase / pursue her some because I like her, but then if I start to get anywhere near "catching" her (I know the whole hunter / prey thing is old and maybe even a bit sexist, just go with it for now), I realize there is no end-state I can really deal with.  It's like a dog chasing a car, actually starting to catch up to it, and then realize maybe he shouldn't and / or is not comfortable trying to bite it.   Then to make things worse, toward the end of high school I got a serious head injury in a car accident.  For a long time after that, I was basically non functional.  I gradually became more functional, but I still have long term issues.  Some are physical, like getting headaches, or wearing sunglasses inside sometimes because of the light.  Others are mental, like I described with the 1 on 1 thing.  I was also basically out of society for a few years, recovered enough to do some work for a while, then had a setback, and was out of society for a few more years.  Now I've somewhat recovered, and I'm college in my late 20s.  So partially that contributes to being that old a virgin just because that's a decent number of years where I was not part of society.  This is an exaggeration, but it's almost like I was in a coma for a while.   I feel like I don't fit in with any real age group.  I feel a lot more mature than a lot of the college girls, and there is a bit of a generation gap (Even though it's only 6-8 years, I'm close to as young as you can be while still clearly remembering / being raised in a world without much internet, and without texting / smart phones / always being connected etc..., and sometimes I feel like those few years go a long way).  And they would probably think it was weird if a guy in his late 20s was hitting on them (unless they are into older guys, but then they would probably be disappointed that I don't bring nearly the whole "older guy" package of life experience and stuff).  But then I meet girls my own age, and in some ways it feels like they have moved past me.   Also, once you reach a certain age, being a virgin becomes a bit of self fulfilling baggage, because girls are probably expecting you to be more experienced (which is also where performance anxiety / being nervous comes in).  In a way this might be better if I was shy and a bit more socially awkward, the girls who are into that probably have at least some idea what they are getting into.  Whereas like I said, I'm pretty athletic, and you would never guess from seeing me interact with people in public that I was was not just a virgin, but had almost no physical experience with girls at all.  Also, I'm into athletic girls, and while i have absolutely nothing concrete to base this on at all, I feel like they would be less likely than average to be into an inexperienced dude who is that old.   Finally, while there is no way to say this without sounding arrogant, I'm actually really smart, and if I did somehow get into a serious relationship despite my general distate for them, it would have to be with a really smart girl, which narrows the pool considerably.
0	When I first joined facebook, back in 2006, I got an invite to a beautiful girl's party. I'd seen her around campus, I was blown down that she'd sent me an invite. I replied back with something incriminating due to my misunderstanding of facebook, and only after that did I realize how it probably worked. I didn't get a reply, went to the party with some other people who had been invited intending to play it cool, and she was being a cunt so we left.
0	Erm, I'm all for animal safety and the comeuppance for those who abuse them, but I don't really think that creating a meme from it encourages animal cruelty in any way whatsoever. Hitler memes don't encourage genocide (well, okay maybe comically). And certainly I don't think it does anything to portray the idiot who nailed the frog in the first place (giggity. ribbity?) in some angelic fashion.
0	I'm going to go ahead and admit what you probably already assumed: I am not an expert on food addiction. I'm sorry that you struggle with that issue, and I hope that you are happy, or if not that you can find a way to be happy regardless of what sounds like a difficult problem.   What follows is unsolicited advice, so please stop reading if you aren't interested. I know you've probably heard everything I'm about to say before, and I know you probably don't care what some stranger on the internet has to say. And maybe you don't care to change you life at all, that's cool too. Just in case you haven't heard these thoughts and are interested, I figured I'd write them out. Mostly for my own benefit, I guess. For the TiTP kind of crowd, I guess I'll throw a [TW: calorie counting, exercise advice, unsolicited advice, fat shaming, whatever else]   If you have the means to see a therapist and don't already, it's worth looking into. If you've never seen a cognitive behavioral therapist and have the means to see one, it is worth mentioning that some people see incredible success with this method. Talk therapy can be very helpful as well. This isn't meant to be condescending. I see a therapist regularly, even when I don't feel the need. Just to clear the old noggin.   Tracking your calories sounds really lame. It's boring and tedious, and it take a long time to see any effects. The thing is, it works. Guaranteed. If you buy a food scale, which are about $20, it's pretty easy to be super accurate. The wonderful thing about calorie counting is that if you are accurate in your reporting and you hit your caloric goals, you can eat pretty much whatever you want. The key is to find out you TDEE which you can do [here]( If you eat around 200-300 calories less than your TDEE a day then you will lose weight at a healthy rate. Even if those calories are made up of shitting things. It's better if you do it with healthy food, but you can still do it eating junk food. The difference is that with junk food you will hit your calorie limit much sooner. The other great thing about a healthy diet is that you can give yourself a cheat day or meal and still see results. If you can make it a week eating healthy, then it isn't a problem to eat all the unhealthy crap you want once a week. I maintain a healthy weight by counting calories and exercising, but once a week I go to town and eat an entire pizza and a pint of ice cream, or a burger and fries and a pint of ice cream. I make a day of it and eat greasy foods for breakfast and lunch too, because I feel like letting myself go entirely for one day helps keep me on track for the rest of the week.   The other thing, which obviously you have heard before, is that if you exercise heavily then you can eat a lot and still lose weight. If you are exercising heavily, you can eat a lot of carbs and it isn't a problem. For a lot of people an injury or condition like asthma prevents them from being to active. That's a rough deal. For most injuries, you can work around them in some way though. I would recommend weight lifting to pretty much everyone. The benefit of weight lifting over a lot of cardio is that weight lifting causes you to burn calories even when you aren't at the gym. Your body burns calories while you are resting to build the muscles that you used to lift. There are all kinds of ways to get into lifting, and tons of great subreddits and youtube channels that can help get you started.   The other pseudo-science thing I want to say, which please feel free to ignore, is that it seems like maybe you could try to re-locate your reward response to a slightly healthier food. For instance, fries are pretty bad for you. Sweet potato fries are much less bad for you, but have similar properties. I love to reward myself for a good week of exercise with a big pile of sweet potato fries.   It's obviously not the same, but I have a pretty unhealthy relationship with ice cream, if you didn't notice when I was talking about my cheat days. I've eaten at least a pint in one sitting every week for about nine years now. Oftentimes I ate more. That probably doesn't sound to horrible, but I get pretty compulsive about it. I can't skip a week, I can't wait an extra two days, I can't change which brand or flavor. If I try I feel really upset and fixate on until I can find the flavor I like. I've spent hours looking for the right kind of ice cream, going from shop to shop. I'm less crazy about it now because when I'm craving ice cream I say, "no, I get to have ice cream on Sunday. If I have it now then I haven't earned it." It helps me, it might not help anyone else.
0	My biological "mother" doesn't have any sort of maternal attachment to me whatsoever. She wasn't there when I was growing up because drugs and men were a bigger priority in her life. I went from ages 6 to 23 without her in my life, and when we reconnected the relationship was really awkward and not at all like a normal mother-daughter relationship. I'm 30 now, and I've completely shut her out of my life because she has too many mental issues (including a being one of the most immature people I've ever met) and she takes pleasure in my misfortunes and even caused and contributed to bad things that happened to me. She definitely has mental issues that I don't need in my life EVER.
0	As a 'soccer' lover from southamerica, who lived in the US for several years (6), I think I can say that 'soccer' and american football are both a lot of fun.   Americans who believe that soccer is slow and boring find it so because they are used to many scores (goals) and can't stand the situation of a tie.   Soccer lovers find american football boring because it's insanely interrupted between plays.   The main difference between both games is the kind of excitement that gives a goal. In american football the (highest score) 'goal' involves a lot of build-up which culminates in the touchdown. Thus, the emotion of a goal lasts a longer time, but it is less 'adrenalinic' as the soccer goal. In soccer, a goal can happen in a matter seconds, either by a fast build-up or a counterstrike, and though the emotion is shorter, it is more explosive.
0	Ok how is your comment not racist? Basically you are saying black people can only relate to other black people. And then you go on to talk about culture when you yourself say that all these shows have different settings in all spheres of life. Your "
0	This will probably get buried but this is how I feel about Black History Month (in america, I'm not from the UK so idk how it is over there).  In school we BARELY learn anything about Black history.  Occasionally we'll learn some things about Dr. King or Rosa Parks, but that's about it.  In high school many of us take multiple classes on American/European history.  These classes include things like Ancient History (which does talk about Egypt, but most of the time the focus is on Greece/Rome), European Civilization and American History.  In American History you'll talk about slavery (how in depth this is depends/ on the state) and the civil rights movement.  These can be pretty brief.  Black history month was created to basically give people a chance to focus more on historical figures of color that largely get ignored in school curricula.  However, the month is mishandled by many schools and ends up becoming a kind of joke.   So, why do we have it? Why don't we have Latino or Asian history month? Basically Black people in U.S. have a belief that if we don't separate ourselves we'll be largely forgotten, and ignored.  Basically if we don't single things out for ourselves, White people aren't going to care otherwise.  Basically, many Black people believe that the only reason White people know as much as they do now about Black history is because of the month.  There is no Asian history month and there is no Latino history month and I can guarantee that the average white American's knowledge of these groups suffers because of it.  Hell, even if we shortened it to Latino-American history month or Asian-American history month we'd learn a lot more.   So, why don't we just learn about everybody's history all year round?  Essentially, many Black people are pessimistic about this.  I've seen schools around the country that have all but gotten rid of anything dealing with Black history month.  Do you think those schools teach Black history all year? No they fucking don't.  That's what pisses Black people off because they feel as though there is barely anytime to discuss the history of Black people.
1	the meta can never be balanced as something will always be stronger than another like cinderhulk junglers being "more powerful" than say assassin junglers. Do you or people even realize how diverse and unique this meta is? A few months ago it was only vi j4 and reksai. Now we see everything from gnar jungle to vi to sejuani to gragas. Urgot is a viable pick. Nautlius and kennen support are a thing. it isnt the same 3 champs in a role like it was a few months ago. Yet ppl think that because they dont know how to play against sej jg, urgot mid, naut support, and all these new things, that the game is "unbalanced". Reason shit like this has high win rates is because theyre new and ppl havent adjusted, but instead of playing against these things or as them to understand how it works, they wine on reddit that x champ is to strong or that an item is too good and needs to be nerfed.   Edit:
1	One thing you could do if you're playing draft for normals or ranked is to ban him.  I agree with you that he is strong right now but not necessarily broken.  As many have stated his split push potential is huge.  A lot of his damage comes from crits which even if you have armor still hurt a lot, so 1 v 1'ing him is difficult from the burst damage from crits as well as his ultimate giving him 5 seconds of free immunity to dying.   The biggest counter to Tryndamere is as stated, shutting him down early game.  He is incredibly vulnerable early game to ganks because his only escape is a spin that doesn't close that much distance or he has to burn a summoner spell.  Play a champion that can effectively zone him and force him to CS under his tower.  Try to avoid long engages with him as his Q increases his AD the lower his health gets, Trynd excels in straight up 1 v 1 brawls which is why his splitpushing is incredible.   As for team fights, just CC him if he tries to enter the fight right away.  A decent Tryndamere will sit back though and wait for your team to blow their CC, so be sure to protect your ADC because that's likely where he's aiming to go.
0	Damn strait option bear.  I'm guessing we should use our voices and down votes. When I see some bullshit cutsy meme make the front page because everyone upvote sit though I feel like the people have spoken.  I don't know why anyone would shop at Walmart or GameStop EVER, yet people on this site do.  Stupid and unthinking is rampant and seriously become a prevalent part of this site as well.  If you don't like something don't support it for any reason and help other people realize they should also not support it... But they will inevitably upvote cute little kids on Halloween. Bull. Shit.  Add some CONTENT!  Post in the appropriate SUBREDDIT!  /r/Halloween exists for a reason.  There are so many ways to pick apart what I just said and I don't care, I was high up on a stack of soap boxes :)
1	Some patches ago, there was a QoL tweak to Kat ulti where it would be instant cast time. Lets just assume Kat has a level 3 ulti with 100 AP just to make this math easy. (Not accounting for resistances)   lvl 3 R: 750 base + 2.5 AP = 1000 AP damage over 2.5 seconds.   Channel time total is 2.5 seconds.   1000 dmg / 2.5 sec = 400 damage/sec   Average human takes 0.25 seconds to react to what they see. So that's 100 damage instantly.   On top of that, take into account ping. If you have 100 Ping roughly as do most people on east coast (I get 75-90 average) then that tenth of a second delay of the game reacting is another 40 guaranteed damage.   So, in the time it takes you to react, you are already missing 140 HP.   Accounting for the rest of Kat's combo (at lvl 18) on a single target which can be casted very quickly altogether, is totalling 810 damage at 100 AP. Also, as a tip, Kat W is basically off cooldown by the time your ulti is interrupted which accounts for another 200 damage.   Per example in that video, even though the Kat player had messy combos, low health targets are anyone below 1000 HP and as good as dead. Cue the RESETS!
0	The r/atheism circlejerk love bandwagons....you could post the exact same thing in r/Christianity and get 10 upvotes but the same thing gets you thousands in r/atheism!
0	I have to tell myself this every damn time! I'm currently waiting to ask a girl out, but I've been feeling it out for a couple weeks if she feels the same.   The strangest situation I've had is asking a girl out, and being crushed by the rejection. I moved on after a surprisingly short time once the door was closed though! Over a year later SHE asked ME out. I thought I'd jump all over it, but it was easy to say no! It's amazing how much better it is to get it over with than to harbour those feelings.
1	True, however if you have such a low amount of games, it's possible for you to have never played against something before, possible for you to not know how to last hit as well as others. Fact of the mater is if you put someone who has had a bunch more time to learn something against someone who has taken a shortcut, chances are the guy who has had a lot more time will come out ahead.
0	I agree a bit with OP here, I'll add my 2 cents:   I was prescribed ritalin as a child, and HATED IT. I obviously have ADD.   Reasons for hating it(at the time):   • created an easy target for teasing as "Oh look, brockvenom is one of those dysfunctional kids that takes ritalin!"   • at such a young age (grade school), I noticed how it affected my body and mind and didn't like it.   • Ritalin made me feel "cloudy" after a while. Or 'brain dead', basically, I felt very passive.   Because of these reasons, my parents allowed me to stop taking the meds after a year or two, and for the rest of school through Jr. High and High school, I did not take medication.   Because I wasn't a complete loser, I still wanted to learn and progress despite my struggles with attention. Through my own personal growth, I developed ways for me to overcome it on my own.  I feel lucky because I learned how to cope naturally with ADD.   Everyone is capable of developing their own coping mechanisms, but the biggest one for me was multi-tasking. I found I was always distracting myself, uncontrollably. I would even realize it. Eventually I figured out I need to distract myself with  useful  distractions. For instance, at work, I usually work on at least 5 projects at a time. When I get the urge to draw my attention away from what I'm doing, I apply it to another project, and so on.   My bosses love it, it might take me a few weeks, but when I'm done with one project, usually 4 more are immediately completed, too.   Another method, no joke, was I self-prescribed Marijuana later in my years. It helped me get through college. Somehow, it helps me focus and tune out distractions. Wish I could smoke at work...   Alas, I finally began taking Vyvanse a year ago. I went from age 8 - age 26, not needing the meds. I don't rely on them, and I only like taking them if I have a lot to get done - I take breaks every weekend and some weekdays. I got a RX last year because in addition to my ADD, I was having motivation problems, which the meds helped greatly.
1	I had a few hundred of games in the beta, but then Heroes of newerth came out and I never played LoL again.   Then dota 2 came out and I played it for about 1000 hours before being sick of playing normal games.   That's when I heard that league had a ranked league system, (early s3) that I decided that I would get back to it and try to play it seriously.   I ended up diamond 1 (never went above 26 lp).
0	Silly human. The surveillance system is global just as the systems of oppression that fuel it are. You're again thinking too small.   It's understandable though. The threat approaching has never before been seen by your people. Though your species really does excel at tyranny, the shackles your tyrants could close around the people have been limited by their geographical reach.   But no longer.   All of your futures are filled with danger. You live in an age of peace among tyrants. And their shackles are closing around the entire world.   But do not fear. Take care of each other and balance will come again.
1	Maybe you haven't seen very good ones yet but the retarded thing is, He can pretty much leap over your whole team, w-AA-q the adc, stealth for a second, -AA-q your adc and then your adc would most probably be already dead and he can just jump away. His laning is not too bad and even if you lose, you just level your W at 6 and you can farm whole waves from a distance. Speaking about your W, It really gives too much sustain else MAYBE people would think about leveling Q first.
1	OK doing some quick math here.   Caster minions initially give 29.44 exp. according the lol wiki. Melee minions initially give 58.88. This gives a solo laner 264.96 exp. from the first wave of minions. However, you need 280 exp in order to reach level 2.   By using the equation 264.96(x)=280, you'll see that x=1.05676, which basically means that you need a nearly 5.7% exp. boost in order to reach level 2 on the first wave. This can be done using Zilean's passive (8%) or by using three exp. quints. (2% each for a total of 6%) You can also get up to 5% exp. boost from your masteries, but you'd only need 3 points in the mastery to get to 3.75% and then adding an exp. quint to exceed the required percentage.
0	Scientist here. Let me set this straight: OP is both right and wrong. Here is why:   Going "flat" is the CO2 leaving the solution, known as "effervescence". The rate at which this occurs depends on a) temperature and b) pressure of the vessel's interior. We can assume that, after the bottle has been opened and re-capped, the pressure is 1 atmosphere. If the bottle is perfectly re-sealed, then the pressure will increase as CO2 escapes the solution, until it reaches equilibrium (where the pressure in the bottle is high enough to prevent any more CO2 escaping the solution). This is why bottles with more liquid and less empty space go flat slower, because less CO2 has to escape to reach equilibrium. The soda will go entirely flat over time because as the pressure inside the bottle rises above 1 atmosphere, the gas starts to leak out through the not-so-perfectly-sealed cap; as pressure inside increases, it leaks faster. Therefore, it never reaches equilibrium.   If you flip the bottle upside down, as OP so cleverly suggests, then the gas can't escape because it rises. Depending on how leaky the cap is, some of the liquid may leak out instead (but it is far more viscous than the gas, so it's less likely or at least much, much slower). Therefore, the soda will lose  some  fizz as the CO2 escapes into the air pocket at the top, but once it reaches equilibrium it will stop there.
0	Coming from someone in a similar boat to OP, its because carrying heavy shit all day =/= lifting weights and targeting muscle groups.  And most farms wouldn't take someone who works 30 minutes 3 times a week, anyway.
1	Well that is easy to prove (somewhat). This is one word where the general definition can be misleading. Common knowledge often defines a sport as a physical activity that requires someone to work hard in order to accomplish something. That is almost saying that you can't say you did sport if you didn't shead a sweat (Not saying LoL Pro's don't sweat in competition...I am sure it smells on that stage). That is simply not true.   There are two aspect to defining a "Sport"; Competition and Skills.   Competition  First of all there is no such thing as a competitive sport; the word sport implies competition. If you are not competing it's an activity. Then again, there are many ways to define competition. If I go running outside by myself (or with a person or a group), you might say I am doing an activity (since I am not competing), but if I run against someone (or even time), you can call it a sport. There are different many ways to see and define it.   Skills  Another misleading word, Skill, doesn't necessarily mean being good at something, but a "Precise Movement". This could mean a lot of things; a kick in soccer, a pass in hockey, shooting an arrow, etc. Those are a few obvious once. Let me ask you this. Would you consider moving a pawn in chess a precise movement...some would (that is where the dilemma of what is a "sport" to this day).   Conclusion (Finally, Fawk)  Let’s take this further; not just LoL, but e-sports in general.   Competition:  No need for a long explanation, ABSOLUTELY!   Precise Movements:  Moving a curser with a mouse might seem too easy to be considered precise  for most, but even selecting a folder on your desktop can be considered a precise movement. The hand-eye coordination required to play any video game competitively is beyond precision. So yes, definitely, gaming requires precise movements.   EDIT: You Probably got it if you Read all of it, but I forgot to formally say it.   Competitive Gaming is a Sport, no doubt in my mind....unless they change the fuckin definition again...
1	then again, why not ban those and let bjergsen play leblanc, someone that can make plays. at least morg ban would of been decent, then if c9 picks kha, tsm can just take elise.   The 2 games karma pick Imo was just awful. i feel like yeah she does a lot for a team, but bjergsen was not a support mid laner type player, they gave him Nidalee in game 3 and look how many spears he was landing. making plays and applying a shit ton of pressure. not to mention how karma cannot do shit in teamfights vs c9's comp, she can probably q every 5+ second which is actually a long ass time, yeah she can provide shields but if you look at c9's comp, they hit 1 q with morgana then elise cocoon followed by them freely using their abilities on you, those shields don't do anything.   Also, no one on Tsm could get to c9's backline you have renekton just barely could do anything. 2 games tsm probably wouldn't even touch C9's backline ( 3. renekton/eve - only renekton could probably go onto their carries) then 1. Lee/xin - both squishies probably die instantly from peel that sneaky would get.   in game 2 however they could do it with xin/rene, but guess what? lulu mid coming in from hai, even more peel, even more shields meaning tsm couldn't do anything about sneaky farming up and then totally destroying them in teamfights, but if they had bjergsen on another mid laner that can make plays and assist oddone and dyrus then it would of been 2 different games. including the fact that dyrus lee pick was not that great...
0	The Constitution applies only to government actions.   Individuals are free to treat you however they want, for whatever reasons they want, as long as it doesn't violate your rights.   If everyone in your town decided to get together and shame someone for being a ginger, or some other equally arbitrary and ridiculous reason, they would be well within their rights. Depending on the state laws, they could refuse this ginger service, refuse to rent to them, to do business with them. It is all within the town's rights, and none of it violates the gingers rights (all depending on the specifics of state and local laws) - but that does not make it  right .   In the same way, people are free to treat accused and acquitted individuals how they please, as long as they aren't violating the acquitted's rights. As long as public condemnation doesn't violate someone's rights, it's perfectly legal - that doesn't make it right, but it's not against the law.
0	I had a...strange experience when I went to watch MoS. The theatre was packed and this family of 6 (consisting of a mom, dad, grandpa, grandma and 2 kids) got there late. There was one seat next to me and the grandpa took it, the seat in front of him in the next row was taken by the one of the kids. The mom found a seat somewhere else with the grandma and the dad sat on the floor with the other kid because they didn't want to be stuck in the very front row.   About half an hour goes by and I really had to pee. I tried to tough it out but couldn't bear it so I went to the bathroom. When I got back, something was off. My friend who sat next to me was gone (I found out later he went to the bathroom after me) and my seat was suddenly occupied...by the grandma. Neither the grandpa nor the grandma spoke a lick of English and me, wanting to just sit and enjoy the movie, just took my friend's seat.   5 minutes later my friend comes back. He looks at the grandparents, looks at me and asks what's going on. I told him she took his seat. He accepted defeat and ended up sitting on the ground.   Thankfully the mother came and told the grandma it was wrong to steal seats and forced her to leave. She ended up taking the poor kid's seat in front of the grandpa and he had to sit on the ground with his dad and sister.   Who in their right mind thinks its okay to take someone elses seat in a  packed  movie theatre?
1	Lets be real no one really wants to read the whole thing. Maybe not even the
1	I don't get it. Corki was the best adcarry few months ago, with Ezreal. Everygame on high and low elo it was corki vs ez, and now? No one plays ez and corki.
1	Mundo thinks that snipe make you big sissy, Mundo get up close and hit people with cleaver sometimes even walking past walls to get where I please
0	I know how you feel. I'm quite proud of my German heritage. My grandparents are amazing people that have an amazing story and made it all the way here (US) without getting involved or for a a lack of better word getting forced into being involved in the Nazi party, Hitler's Youth Program as well as helping people do the same thing along the way.   As soon as I say I'm German however, people call me a nazi and or racist. But, I honestly don't care. My grandparents aren't ashamed of who they are, I could never be. I wear my gold German Eagle necklace I  got for my 18th birthday from them with pride.   Besides all this heritage stuff. My grandmother is a master seamstress and the best cook I have ever met. She inspired me to become a cook/chef and work in the food industry. My grandfather? Simply a master mason who layed brick on half of NYC and Long Island, continually pestered by the union to come back and teach.   The best part about all of this is that this is only half of my family, I love my mothers parents and their heritage just as much.
0	You are correct, those are the exception.   Often times software companies have walkthroughs with clients (or potential clients). People that spend big money, generally dress well, and thus develop a mutual respect for other people that share their values of dressing well.
0	Yes, people lie, some better than others, but ultimately living your life suspicious and not trusting your spouse and torturing yourself with the unknown is no way to live   I never said place all your faith in her words, but you certainly shouldn't ignore everything she has to say, I literally said you should listen to what she says AS WELL AS other strange behavior   I'm not sure why you have to be so mad. You assume because of one slightly irregular event that OPs wife is dishonest and untrustworthy. You powers of perceptions are astounding.   This is supposed to be your life partner, if you can't put any trust in what this person says you shouldn't have married her in the first place
0	I went to chipotle about a week ago, ordered a steak burrito. The guy said, "it'll be about 5 minutes on the steak." I told him that's cool, I'm not in any kind of hurry, take your time. Another employee asked if I wanted anything to drink while I waited, held up a cup. I politely declined (was getting food to go, and I'm staying away from soda.) She said, "you sure? it's on the house." Again, I politely declined.   So I'm shooting the shit with some of the employees (I was the only person in line, and there were like 2 other people eating, so they weren't busy) and after about 5 minutes my steak is ready so I order my burrito, and I have my card out and the cashier rings it up and says, "Your meal is taken care of." Confused, I ask what I owe her for my food. "Nothing, it's on us since you had to wait."   I was really impressed with that level of customer service. I'm a really laid-back guy, and told them that really wasn't necessary, the wait was nothing, but they insisted. I actually contacted chipotle customer service and bragged on how well I was treated at that location.
1	Imagine it the Season 2 Way. You have lets say 4,5k elo, they have 4,6k elo. Still, you just reached 4,5k elo while he, at some point, already reached 5k Elo. There, he got a shiny badge and is now stated as Platin. But then he dropped down again for 400 Elo, but couldn't drop down to Gold. You on the other hand didn't finish a promo since 3,9k Elo, which we say is now Silver max.
1	IMO Husky should just completely switch to LoL and actually start shoutcasting it, because this would be awesome.   He was the reason I bought SC2 and HOTS.   This could be coupled with him learning the game, I bet a lot of people would actually watch him duo Q with Riv or Phreak or anyone like that, and them also teaching him what to look at and be aware of when casting, they could maybe spectate a game together and teach him how to know what's gonna happen next.   So a) his knowledge of the game would get better resulting in him becoming better at the game   and b) him learning how to shoutcast LoL games, because I think he is one of the best if not the best shoutcaster in all of E-Sports, just because of his enthusiastic and overhelming personality while streaming   All in all, he would fit the casters quite well I think
1	I guess I'll try to answer question 4 in depth since most of the other questions seem to be pretty well laid out and straightforward, and this seems to me to be the most difficult for you to comprehend.   Generally the title of the video will almost always be something that sounds pretty stupid from the outside looking in.  But in general try to think of it from the standpoint of somebody who knows the game.   First of all you will have the player's (or champions which is what character the players use during the game) names which usually do sound pretty weird.  that is what you identified as "Big Kahuna" and "XXFilmore" which by the way is absolutely hilarious.   Next you have what they did.  If they made a huge play then it would of course sounds weird, like if they, "flashed over Baron wall and used smite to steal the Baron."  That must sound dumb to you but it makes complete sense to us.   Finally the play itself, which it seems like you have the most trouble with.  In general if the play makes it to the front page of reddit, go into the thread first, and most of the time somebody will explain why, or how that play is so awesome in laymen terms.  That's the closest you will probably be able to get to ever understanding the video unless you play the game.  Because like you said to outsiders, it's just people running around and shooting pink things.   Once you've done that open the video and see if it still makes any sense.  It probably won't but maybe you will at least understand something that looks cool.
0	My boyfriend often uses emoticons when he posts messages, especially the kitty face. Not just with me either, he does it with everyone who isn't a work colleague. I find it appealing because it means he's not afraid of not looking manly. Respect right there.
0	Holy moly. Been looking for something that has mostly physics/astrophysics. I thought I knew all the good chans; PBS, NGC, (former)TDC, BBC. I just downloaded a torrent of 300 BBC Horizon shows a couple of weeks ago,from about 1984 to present. They have been pure quality since way back then. Interesting to see them all back to back, I encourage everyone to check it out. There are probably more than 300 of these, but that's the biggest collection I could find.   Edit: oh yeah, the reason i posted: One of the shows claims that they have actually measured the existence of a 'parallell universe right 'inside' ours in a way; supposedly it gives off a radiation that only a nearby universe could emit. (IANAAP). I mean, I've heard 1000 theories about parallel universes and multiverses; but here's a bearded guy pointing at some device and says 'yeah its there'   Another one claims they know what dark matter is; they nonchalantly say its two bosons coupled together so that it doesn't react with normal matter (much like neutrinos) but still is related to normal 'our-universe' gravity; hence we get these huge galaxies that we have and we can now explain it.(Me still IANAAP, probably don't remember the correct terms here)   But I thought we were far, far away from knowing this. (I just find these things extremely interesting, even if I have no idea of about the actual maths behind all this.)   (IANAAP=I am not an astrophysicist.)
1	she's an all-in melee in a poke oriented game: it's likely she won't reach level 3 until the enemy lane has already taken her tower and gone on a mad killing spree. Ali has much more reliable CC plus a spammable heal, whereas Leona is single target until 6 and just self-damage-reduction.
0	Ms Z(changed) at Poinciana HS in Florida. She was my Anatomy teacher. I was new to the school, having moved from NYC and was immediately targeted by this a prick in that class. He made me feel like an outcast. I told Ms Z, but was told to bear with it. WTF? At one point he convinced everyone that I was gonna bring a gun to school, which got me under the school councilor's eye.   One day I flipped him off when he told the classmates I was a useless team mate. He got physical and I shoved him back, just in time for Ms Z to turn and only see me doing the pushing. She tells me after class that she believes his claims about me, because she's known him longer, and that I'm a thug from NYC. I cut the next class and called my father to tell him everything. The same day, he left work to confront her. In 15 minutes he got her intimidated and pissed, which he then used as an example for her to know what I was dealing with when she should have just helped when I asked. She apologized the next day.   About a month later, she brought in a baby animal she had found. Everyone in the class decided it was squirrel, to which I objected. It had a long snout. Squirrels don't have long snouts. I told them this. No one fucking knew what a snout was. They called me a smart ass. Ms Z told me to accept the consensus. She then left it on a table with no box to hold it. It fell off the table 4 times. And she let it happen even when I warned her each time. She force fed it squirrel formula. It died a day later. One week later, we learn it was a fucking raccoon. I'm called a snob for being right. To this day my blood boils when I think about it. That bitch let ignorance rule, and a baby raccoon died for it. If I every saw again, even if she didn't remember me, I would tell her, "A baby died because of you."
0	I work as a dishwasher in a kitchen that's open 24/7 every single day (yes, even on christmas...). although it doesn't close, i like to think the time i'm scheduled to be off is relevant.   A new rule the new manager implemented is that the dishwasher has to have EVERY pan/pot/utensil that the cook pulls off the line washed before they're allowed to leave... the problem with this is that i'm usually scheduled to be off at around 10:30 to 11, and they aren't actually allowed to pull half those pans until the graveyard cook shows up at 10. Things like soup pans and frying pans, which have been sitting on heat for the last 8 hours, tend to be quite dried and have stuff stuck to them, meaning they need to soak for quite some time before i can even THINK about cleaning them.
1	Let me tell you this... Yesterday we had a Cassiopeia on our team.   We were losing every other lane than bot, and cassio had something like 0/6 so she didn't do any major damage to the enemy team.   Enemy team was pushing to our top inhibitor. Cassio flash+ulted all 5 players stunning them. That ult won us the whole game, we managed to get baron and finish the game after that. We were seriously 20 kills or so behind at that point. We had no enemy turrets down before that and enemy Irelia was just freefarming top lane.
0	Saying "My life sucks because I'm black" is just a catch-all, and doesn't necessarily mean anything. It's often meaningless.   Saying "I didn't get the job because I'm black" or "I got attacked because I am black" can be true. It's a legitimate reason for a failing in your life.   It's not an excuse to accept a factual reason. But automatically blaming failings on your race is also bad. Maybe you weren't just qualified for the job - rather than it having anything to do with your race.
1	as long as zed has his ult up, his burst is amazing, kha'zix on the other hand has a great burst almost all the time. if i were u i would pick kha'zix, even tho zed has easier laning phase imo they are both great, kha'zix just suits me better, people just dont expect that amount of dmg he can dish out every few seconds when played right..
1	Attention fellow summoners please spend wisely take into account skin you already own so you spend it efficiently, a lot of these skins seem really cool because of their rarity but if they were always avaialbe would you want to buy it?
1	Can someone explain how mmr works and why mine is so low, i was doing really well in ranked i was on like 1 5 game win streak, but i was only gaining one point at a time, im in silver 1 which may be why i was gaining so little, so can someone just tell me why i was gaining so little i know it has to deal with mmr but i dont know why mmr is high or low
1	There's a reason for Dyrus to be up in the team for so much time already. First of all he is just one of those amazing pokerface players who tend not to tilt whatever happens and no matter how far behind their team is. Then it's his game awareness he god damn knows everything. Yet again as the OP said he always gets camped, ofcourse he'd get camped otherwise Dyrus will just snowball. Have you noticed how he has the lowest KDA ration in TSM yet he's the top gold earned player through the split? He manages to handle extremely tough top lane matchups, now imagine what'd be if he didn't get perma camped? In my personal opinion (being a long term TSM fanboy) it's Santorini who's the weakest link in their current roster. He is a great player and stuff but he's kinda always one step behind the enemy jungler. Most of the teams that beat TSM capitalize exactly on this.
0	You also miss 100% of the shots you can't take because you took other shots.   Every moment is a once in a lifetime opportunity, but that doesn't give the moments meaning or urgency. The choice to spend a unique moment watching netflix is as equally valid as the choice to spend that moment atop mount Everest.   Nothing has any intrinsic meaning, so all choices and "shots" are equally valid.
0	My girlfriend worked as a cashier at a fast food establishment near the Canadian border. Everyday she worked she had angry Canadians come in trying to pay with Canadian money. A few everyday would get irate and start yelling.   This was near Manitoba for reference.   They became irate because they came down to buy up all our food from grocery stores and other stores using US dollars then run out. They do this every weekend. I worked at a Target and they would clear the whole store out.   They could have used their debit/credit cards but some didn't have any.
0	I hate that this myth is so pervasive and persistent in our culture. Exercise doesn't magically negate the effects of poisoning your body. You might look healthy on the outside, but you are still killing yourself. Most people understand that you can't just exercise to counteract the effects of smoking. No one would say, "You just consumed arsenic? You better go for a run!" Why do people, then, think it is different when it comes to alcohol and crappy food?
0	Yea, under-reaction is way worse. I was violated by my older brothers friend when i was 7-8, it took 3-4 years for it to even come to light when my parents found out about it during one of my raging anger sessions. What happened afterwards was nearly nothing.   My brother had actually "caught" us while it was happening, and never told my parents, which was one reason i never told my parents. the kid never got in trouble, my brother actually stood up for his friend, which i think hurt the most, we never had a good relationship even before then but i felt that he entirely abandoned me to stick up for a friend and the fact he kept it hidden. The way i saw it, or at least recall it, is that he failed at doing the 1 thing an older brother is supposed to do for a younger brother, and that is protect him. He didn't protect me, his own family member, he protected his friend for years instead.   and to this day my brother doesn't think the sexual encounter between me at 7-8 and his friend who was 11-12 at the time was a big deal and refuses to apologize or acknowledge any guilt over the situation. He doesn't even understand it's the reason we have no relationship.   I went on for years feeling unprotected by my family, and honestly don't consider my brother to be a part of my family anymore. We do not hang out, we do not speak, the only interaction we have is running into each other when interacting with our parents, and when they are gone i hope to never see him again.   Come to think of it, i am still really fucked up from all of that, and it's one reason i have  hard time dealing with things life throws at me and in the situation that i am currently in.
1	You just don't get caught by Darius, or let him get stacks of bleed on you. Let the tank keep him off of you while you take him out. (if you have last whisper, and hes the last one left on the enemy team, besides the tank.) Darius isn't as OP as people think. Every champ has a weakness you just need to find it.   Edit:
1	I think you guys are misunderstanding one thing : this is not a balance type change, it's one of these game clarification really needed to make LoL a better eSport game. You can't just expect players to watch the ground shaking under their feet in the middle of a huge teamfight, it's just not how it should work in a game like LoL where every AoE ground targeted skillshot is clearly visible by lines like this one.   All I see in this thread is whine about balance, and I agree it is somewhat of a nerf, but they are most probably looking at Cho and his balance at the moment, otherwise they wouldn't change something about his kit.
1	I'd like to give you a tip; When playing AD carries, berserker greaves are better option than mercs 90% of the time (you can sell them and buy mercs later on if needed), also you should avoid rushing BV too, if you don't get any damage items you won't be able to do much till late game.   Just buy Berserker's Greaves, IE/BT, PD, then either BV or IE/BT depending which one you didn't buy yet.   Though I'd like to mention that you should just focus on getting as much damage as possible and stay out of the harms way, position yourself so that you won't get killed and hit whatever you can reach (it's okay to hit the tanks if you can't reach more valuable targets without putting yourself in danger).
1	Yeah just got wrecked by an annoying team comp. Seems like nothing is fun for too long. Have played something like 13 games never on a same champ twice. Just thought to try gangplank out cause Q spam sounds fun. Our team GP, Teemo, Nidalee, Rengar and Shaco, their team Lux, Ezreal, Gragas, Swain, Sion. Was in a lane match up Lux+Ez vs GP+Teemo, nothign we could do we didn't have wave clear nor could we fight, and they could just poke us down. I actually think of myself quite good mannered for a league player, but after that game I was fucking so angry that I thought I should just stay clear of this game mode for the rest of the week. You get fun game so rarely, and even half off those are fun mostly because you can stomp the enemy.
0	I had a similar problem in high school. I went to a technical highschool, and so half our time was spent in academics (math, English, science, etc), and the other half was spent in our trade. My trade was Graphic Communications (Printing and Graphic Design.)   For the first 3 years I had the same instructor, and because he didn't know much about Photoshop or InDesign, we spent a good bit of time running the printing presses. I was the only person in my class that knew anything about Photoshop (shout out to forum signature battles), so I practically "taught" my teacher as he taught the class. Super humble people across the board, so we actually got a good bit done. The problem is, knowing the program Photoshop doesn't mean you know and understand what good design is. Luckily, by the end of our third year, everyone is actually pretty good at basic formatting and design, and we went on to do some advertising work for the casino and other places near our school.   Now, because we were stupid highschool students, we spent the majority of our free time (time that we weren't working on projects for the school) making silly things in Photoshop and illustrator. (My two friends and I made a fictional "war" series of drawings where we would draw our chosen faction fighting each other in goofy ways. One of my friends picked candy, the other toys, and I insects and bugs. Our prized piece was a picture of a gummy pirate wrestling with a Buzz Light Year toy while a praying mantis was being ridden by the 7-up mascot in the back.) Because of this, a lot of the work we posted around the shop looked rather....amateurish and just bad. Some of it would end up being used for smaller, in house projects (we printed 300 school notepads with a tacky triforce pattern), but it was all cool because my teacher knew what we were capable of.   Cue Senior year, and we have a new instructor. He's a big shot designer from our state capital, and he's absolutely mortified by what my classmates are putting out for work, but he doesn't say anything. (The work is shown in everything the school produces, from the detention sheets to fliers for open houses.) When he finally manages to tell us that he's not impressed with our work, he actually snaps, and brings in these old ass design tapes made in the '80s and tells us we have to spend the next 4 cycles (about 45 days) watching the tapes and taking notes. For 7 hours a day. Yeah, he was a prick.   About half way through his torture, we have a HUGE order come in from the casino near us - 8 huge banners for a pop concert (Lady Gaga I think? I'm so fucking terrible with celebrity names.) He panics and tells the casino to go to a different school because he doesn't think we can do it. My friend and I over hear him and tell the class to make the posters anyway.   After a few hours, we bring the posters to the teacher and he freaks out. He spends the next 30 or so minutes yelling at us for plagiarizing work, and how we could get kicked out of school for what we did. He refuses to believe that we made the posters, despite the fact that we have the .PSD files and history markings saved.   Skip forward a few weeks, and we have another company call us to do some work. I connect my laptop to the projector in the lab, and start working on it. At that point in time, we have a teachers aid walk in with a group of prospective 8th graders who may be coming to our school next year. She begins to explain what the shop is about and how everything works as I finish up the project and then print it out. A few minutes later, my instructor comes in and starts yelling at me for plagiarizing again when I show him what I did. The students and the teachers aid immediately chime in, telling him that they saw me work on the project, and that I did, in fact, make it.   Needless to say, he was more than embarrassed.
0	I ate an entire box of fiber one bars. It was one of those that had 3 separate boxes inside. I ate every single one of them because they were delicious as fuck. Little did I know that the following days included me on the toilet yelling "why?! Why did I do that?!" It felt like I was defecating my intestines. I haven't eaten one since.
1	DISCLAIMER: I have not actually gone to the PBE forums or read it; all of my information comes from assumptions I can reasonably make based on what it is and some of the comments here. So if it's anything other than the place where people on the PBE bitch about stuff they don't like, some of this might be non-relevant! Now, that being said...   Speaking as a game designer, player feedback is basically ALWAYS useful, even when it seems stupid. Players very rarely provide feedback about any game experience that's directly relevant and applicable. You never hear a player say, “this is boring” or “the skill tree is too complicated,” and then make changes so that whatever “this” is seems more fun or dumb down your skill tree. Instead, you take feedback like, “this is too complicated,” and then ask yourself and discuss amongst your team what the player ACTUALLY wants. Is it actually that they think the tree is too complex, or have you just failed to teach it to them clearly? Or is it just integrated poorly? Or is it an issue with the UI? Sometimes, after you dig a bit, you find that, actually, this issue is symptomatic of a much deeper, usually more fundamental problem with the systems that you've built your game on.   As a designer, you NEVER take player feedback at face value. Once you start really looking at what the player is ACTUALLY talking about (remember: it's very rare that what the player WANTS and what the player THINKS they want actually overlap), then just about any player feedback, even something like “omg this champ is so dumb wtf toxic bs champ” can ultimately lead you in a direction that leads to a change, even if it's just a small one.   So I think that despite what seems like a bunch of useless chatter to your average onlooker floods the PBE (presumably), you might be surprised at how much the designers can actually get from that sort of feedback.   Which I assume is why they keep the forums up. They may not want to maintain them because sometimes having unfiltered player feedback on a large scale can really help the design process, even if it all seems like gibberish.
1	From Wikipedia:](   > In a non-legal context, spelling differs between countries. The spelling judgement (with e added) is common in the United Kingdom in a non-legal context.[6][7][8] In British English, the spelling judgment is correct when referring to a court's or judge's formal ruling, whereas the spelling judgement is used for other meanings.[9] The spelling judgment is also found in the Authorized King James Version of the Bible.[10] >  > In American English, judgment prevails in all contexts.[11] In Canada and Australia, in a non-legal context both forms are equally acceptable, although judgment is more common in Canada and judgement in Australia.[12] However, in a legal and theological context, judgment is the only correct form.[citation needed] In New Zealand the form judgement is the preferred spelling in dictionaries, newspapers and legislation, although the variant judgment can also be found in all three categories. Usage in South Africa is similar to that in Australia and New Zealand.
0	If you only said, shouldn't wear those because they are see through and when you communicated that to said co-worker you did so in a "normal/reasonable" way, nothing should happen. There's variables across institutions and states. In the Public/non-profit sectors i'm pretty certain HR professionals are supposed to apply a reasonable person test/analysis when dealing with these types of claims. I guess if she was really upset, maybe HR would conduct interviews and ask around if any one else heard the comment.  Either way nothing should have come out of this.
1	Did you see how low she escaped after all this? After the engage, Ahri in her team was still alive and got hit from lucian's q+double auto and a lee double q which he later didnt have to jump into vayne so if Ahri wasn't alive even for absorbing those skills and doing nothing vayne wouldn't even get a triple.
1	can someone please give me the
1	Well lets be honest here if you get snow balled and have been ganked 5-10 times and your jungler is an afk farm yi or udyr, then you have the right to at least be annoyed and blame them if they blame you. But that is a different story.   Also one gank can turn around a lane. I have snow balled a lane and then been ganked causing me to loose tower and advantage some times. Remember the hole 7 min dmg resist on towers, a jungler can easily save a lane at around that mark.
1	thread is so fucking relevant, new and exciting, and pretty damn legit (and/or 'real') for just seeing the title and
1	The skill cap is tough to determine, and I agree, if there isn't deny, then often there is harassing occurring.  That being said, since there is a limit to what can be done by the game, identifying which is most important at which point in time is a level of skill that is absent when deny is absent.  I actually liked early level laning in dota, since I had to compete against someone else for every CS and every deny- sometimes I got stomped and it was frustrating, but the more someone focuses on those denies, the less they focus on themselves staying alive.  Which was unforgiving, since the CC in that game was about twice as long, depending, and impossible to cleanse / flash / ghost / exhaust to get away unless you have that as an ability.   I think that it is impossible to have a truly offensive laning presence with so many ways to escape, which makes the lack of denying only due to the last reason they gave in the write-up: "Killing your own guys is weird".
1	Why do people expect TSM to be professional when the whole reason why they are the most popular team is because of how they act and the fact that teenagers relate to them.   They don't even try to hide it, their attitude was on display all the time and people still act shocked every time something like this happens.   The strange part is that the respectful, mature streamers that act like the community  says  it wants pro-gamers to act, get 10 times lower viewership. Makes no sense.
1	There are a couple of differences between zephyr and BotRK. 1) Attack speed 2) life steal 3) movement speed 4) cooldown reduction 5) passives.   Zephyr gives more attack speed and cdr. It also gives tenacity which helps with the amount of both hard and soft CC the enemy comp had. BotRK gives you life steal and a passive that is very effective against tanks. The enemy team did not have a very tanky member like shyv or renekton so BotRK was not a favorable pickup.
1	I ran a quick test game (didn't have much time) and recorded my attack speed without any as or cdr runes/masteries.  I've also calculated the stats for Azir's attack speed using both the old formula (which should work if /u/CSDragon is correct) and the stats using the new formula.       Mine   Old   New           .6   .6   .6       .607   .609   .606       .614   .618   .614       .621   .627   .621       .628   .636   .628       .636   .645   .636       .644   .654   .644         I'm just going to assume that this trend continues and that the new formula is correct up to 18 which does, in the end, match up with the old formula stats at .753.   Edit, now with proof:  Ran another custom game, got to level 9 with 40% cdr:   .6 * (10.1% [as/lvl at 9 with new formula] + 50% [passive]) = .9606 which when rounded up is .961, which is what I got in-game.
1	I got into the same area a while back, and it feels good when I am playing with my group of friends and they say something like, "why would you go leona over dunco?" or, "why isn't Dunco jungling?"(obviously not the same role)  but I found myself wanting to play other roles.  For this I started playing different roles, and random build that I wanted to try, not all of which followed the meta.  In the end my normal win/loss ended up a lot more even than what had been a constant 40+ lead on wins which I am still working my way back to, but I appreciated the time, and as I have stuck with it I have even found newer champions to play in my original two roles.  I think that you should prepare to loose a decent amount of the games, but I would say experiment more than just different roles in the meta, but try to play outside of the meta for a while, and you will likely find that you learn a few nuances about the game that you had previously missed.  I wouldn't say that you should stop playing your better roles though, I made sure to mix in a few sure wins in the roles I knew I was good at to keep myself from smashing my computer into pieces, but I now find that I am more comfortable all over the map instead of the two roles I had played previously.
0	This comment will probably go unnoticed, but here goes anyway.   I'm a woman who spent 3 and 1/2 years of my early 20's in an abusive relationship. The guy was charming as fuck (as abusers tend to be) and I was young, naiive, and fell hard for him. I once went to a support group where it was said, "the abuser doesn't show up on the first date and punch you in the face." They work their way up to that, slowly whittling down your self-confidence and undermining you and brainwashing you until you actually believe that you're deserving of the treatment.   If you'd asked me about abusive relationships before then, I would have told you that I'd never put up with that kind of treatment, that if I was ever in that situation, I'd just leave.   Speaking from personal experience, trying to leave can be one of the most dangerous things you can try to do. Abusers need to be in control of their victims, and if you threaten to disrupt that control, they freak the fuck out. I've had my computer smashed, my clothes cut up, and my dog nearly choked to death, not to mention getting pretty much raped and beat up on a daily basis.   When my abuser was warping my mind and brainwashing me, he also cut me off from most of my friends and all of my immediate family. They probably all saw and knew what I was going through, but I was blind to it, because I was in love, and because "I could change him, I know I could."   So for 3 and 1/2 years, I stayed with him, biding my time, fighting back when I could, calling the cops when I could, and knowing I would probably end up dead one of those days. I finally ended up getting away from him, and it's been almost 4 years of freedom now. I actually have a friend who is going through an abusive relationship herself, and it's nearly impossible to get through to her, because of the garbage her boyfriend is spewing at her all the time.
1	That one has proven hard to fix though. It happens so randomly that it's been impossible for Riot to pinpoint what causes the bug with the "does no damage and ministuns Fizz" thing. Which in turn makes it so that the bug cannot be fixed, alas the bug has stayed for a long time.   Only way Riot could really figure it out is take parts of Fizz's E out (like the untargetability, the movement etc.) at a time and do a massive amounts of tests to figure out what part causes it. Since it happens so rarely, it would take a massive amount of time and effort to just possibly find it out.
0	I disagree with this. A lot of time this argument of "Oh yeah, well unless you can tell me how to do it shut up," is a way to silence opposition and critique. There are some problems that I don't have an easy solution to. Our bank regulations for example. But being unwilling to openly criticize those concepts creates the illusion they are accepted and passable.   On a more personal level, when a doctor makes a mistake a patient doesn't have to know how to do it right to criticize. When a friend does something stupid, hurtful, you can just go "dude, dick move. Don't do that again."
1	I hate how every time a pro player or any public figure posts a text there's always a retarded biased wrong
0	Coming from a Public Health perspective, this is a  MUCH  larger issue than stated.   First off, people on government assistance continue to have more children because they are incentivized upon having more children. Typical cash transfer programs are designed in such a way that if you are a family making less than X dollars per year you are entitled to X amount of money. If you have a child under X age you are entitled to more, if you have 2 children you are entitled to even more, and so on..   Having worked in social work for a number of years as well I have also come across (first hand mind you) people who have actually stated that they were planning on having their 4th child because Obama will give them more money. I am not stating opinion here, just verbatim of what was said. Whether or not it's "kosher" to think people can be shitheads, this thought process is not uncommon.   The trouble is that by providing more money you are not solving anything, but merely creating a larger problem. Many of the times the money is not going towards the childrens health, nutrition, housing, or education, but rather parental vices like clothes, cigarettes, alcohol, and drugs.   This is where alternate programs like "Conditional Cash Tranfer" programs come into play. If you do a little research on the subject you will see that they work 10-fold in Mexico and other poorer countries. The idea of CCT programs is that one is awarded monetary compensation based upon meeting obligations put in place by the government itself. These obligations are put in place to ensure the welfare of the child first and foremost and to make sure the funds are being used appropriately.   An example of this would be that a family would be given X amount of dollars per week as long as their child has been to school every day, all members of the family are up to date on their vaccinations or yearly physicals, etc.   CCT is simply an off-shoot of Contingency Management, Behavioral Economics, and basic Operant Conditioning (cite Skinner). It's been proven effective several times over and I cannot begin to understand why we do not adopt this type of program here in the U.S. Former Mayor Bloomberg has started one in NYC, but I am unsure about the outcome data regarding it.   Going back to your comment above specifically, you also have to take into account that people are not rational thinkers. People like to believe in mystics and jesus and the golden walnut and allow things like that to cloud their better judgement. Providing teens with birth control and sex education has proven effective several times over through countless randomized trials when compared to abstinence. Still, people hold on to their old testament ways and still consider it "sinful".   Second, providing highly effective and long-term birth control options for free is questionable. First off, nothing is free. It would be a challenge to get insurance, or tax payers to cough up more money to pay for people to continue fucking who shouldn't be in the first place (joking of course). Next, many IUD's or BC methods have some unknown or severe consequences. If this was to be distributed by the government they would then bare the brunt of responsibility if one reacted negatively towards that specific medication. I could be wrong about this. Next, would options would be included in the "free" package? Their are thousands of BC methods and you know one would get the contract over the other....whomever bought off the most legislators I am sure. This means that the most money wins and not necessarily the best/safest product.   My last point, is that this is  VERY  multi-faceted. It's an educational problem, it's a environmental problem, it's a societal problem, it's an individual problem, it's a community problem, it's a familial problem. Because of this, there isn't a simple solution or magic intervention that put in place would solve the issue.   Individually, people need to begin to take responsibility for their actions. By throwing more money at them for no effort in return they are not learning and thus destined to continue their pattern of destructive behavior. Familial level, people might know nothing else. Their parents were on welfare and it's all they know. No one gave them aspirations to go to college and no one cared either way whether they worked or not. This is a learned behavior and is hard to change.   Environmentally, maybe that person lives in a neighborhood or project where everyone around them is on government assistance as well. That person then learns this is something acceptable within their community and actually forms bonds based on it. It's no longer viewed negatively. They also learn how to game the system and how to get the most for your (lack of) buck. i.e. having more children nets you more income.   Societal level, we allow it, don't want to deal with the problem, and think by simply providing money that will somehow solve the problem. People like to  believe  they are being altruistic by supporting certain causes vocally, but never actually think about the consequences of those programs, who's affected, or what goes into them. These are the same people who claim to be altruistic, but have never seen the inside of a soup kitchen to volunteer their time in their lives. - posers.
0	For entertainment value I prefer the
1	You must be new...   its a very common and OLD joke. Since the game is called Legend of Zelda people would assume that the name of the main character is Zelda not Link, hence referring to Link as Zelda.
1	I think it really needs to implement some kind of white or black list of champs.  I think most heroes are viable but it really sucks when you get stuck with someone like Trynd or Fiora and just get destroyed the whole game.  Also, it somewhat punishes players who own more champs than others as there is more barrier to success than those who only own champs they're good with.
1	Alright, you got me there. I get riled up at suggestions that I saw would make the community worse. Yea, I shouldn't have called your opinion "fucking retarded", but I felt even more annoyed  when you patronized my responding comment, and later called me a troll.
1	Yes. Late game she becomes less and less useful. I've read Riot posts about how they can't give her better team fight stats because her heal is too powerful early.   Always run ghost + flash. Masteries 9/0/21. (Flat Mana Regen runes are very helpful). First you're gonna want to farm to 1210 gold if you can. Then buy boots and blasting wand. From there get ginsoo's asap, unless you have around 400 in which case you could pick up a mana crystal just cause her mana is a bit sparse early. Merc treads or boots of speed (usually merc). Once you have ginsoos you are really at a great place. You can survive for a hell of a long time and just farm or whatever. Once I got merc treads and ginsoos and saved to 10000 gold (trololol). In other words... though you may have to run, after you have ginsoos... you're lookin pretty good. Cougar moves are no mana cost and stack ginsoos... go cougar and spam w to get to a lane and you'll always have full stacks by the time you reach it. Also if you watch your stacks, try to keep them at 8 by switching  to cougar (a move in itself) and jumping around when you're waiting behind the lines for a fight to break out. Then after ginsoos go sheen then lich bain. Then its situational... hourglass? deathcap? More defense? It kinda all depends.   If you really want to get good watch hotshotgg's nid, but realize that on his level he has to really be super sneaky w/ the spear. On lower levels you can just nail ppl who don't really know about it or how to dodge it. Remember if you spam the spear early they'll begin to learn to dodge it. Getting good at nid is learning the high probability spear shots.   Then late game you gotta realize that you're not really a great team fighter. Try to hit some of their carries with spears before your team initiates. Then even after they initiate hang back and try to just pick off ppl who are out of place w/ cougar or spears. Spam heals. If your team loses the fight retreat right out of range healing your retreating team. If you win go in as cougar and clean up.   Edit: Also very importantly, Nidalee does not really carry like your typical carry champ. She picks people off... heals teammates to save them from death. Its not like a veigar who just wrecks ppl in a second or Jarvan who is invisible and just follows you til death do you part. Nid is actually best when SHE is being chased. Learn where you can jump through as a cougar and practice your approaches so you can hit them ( her w as cougar is one of the hardest jump moves to hit of any character I know). Remember her passive speed increase in brush which you can use to escape (its worth it to go a tiny bit out of the way to catch the brush for the increased speed) or to deny. Learn to switch from cougar to human and either heal or spear IMMEDIATELY. Get a few of them chasing you around and as your team comes to help be ready for the moment to pop back into human, heal, spear, and turn the fight back on them AFTER your help has initiated on them.   In my opinion nidalee is not the best champ in the game, but she is the most fun to play. She is completely balanced, and can make some amazing escapes that turn into massacres of the enemy team. Most importantly have fun. If you're not having fun with her, stop and try her again later.   edit2: Also while i'm at it, remember to watch minion life... if you can set up a spear so you throw it and a minion dies while its in the air exposing and then hitting the enemy you will catch them a lot of the time.
0	sigh  so my drive into work today - it's as if someone knew I made these posts and pulled this shit. There is an exit in the passing lane on the way to work, but it's accessible by the middle lane too. Of course the slow guys use the left-most lane because it makes their merge onto the next highway easy.....but they don't need to get in that lane 5 miles before the exit...
0	I just wanted to say I grew up and went to high school in San Diego. My Senior year(2007) the invisible children group came to my high school to try to get money from the kids. I saw their whole two hour long schpeal and they had a Q&A at the end.   I asked ONE question: How much of the money donated ACTUALLY went to helping the Ugandan people and how much went to administrative/bullshit/etc.   They AVOIDED my question and I had to keep asking it over and over. They were trying to avoid it by saying how much work and effort people were doing in raising awareness and they tried to tell us how little they were making.   After a very LONG time of saying "Okay, I understand, but you still haven't answered my question - what is the percentage that actually goes to the Ugandan people" they FINALLY spit out the number, 40%. Which was probably just 31% rounded up by 10% to make it look better. They then went on to compare themselves to the Red Cross who only uses 60% of the money(or some such number, larger than 40%)... to which I responded, "Sounds like they are better qualified for my money...".   Young people are stupid. They see suffering and throw the only 6 dollars they have at it. They don't understand how charities work, nor the political situation going on in suffering places.
1	Thanks for the
1	Before you try to go back to ranked games, ask yourself this question; "Do I enjoy ranked."? If the answer is no, stop playing ranked. There are normal games where you won't have a meaningless arbitrary number to obsess over.   "when u are looking for a team or smt, "   There are ranked teams that are made up of players from all across the elo range. Whether you're 200 or 2000, there are teams for you. So, again, don't worry so much about it. There's a reason we say "don't care about your elo". It's because it's really not important.   If you really want to actually enjoy ranked games, you have to remember exactly what elo is. It's a number predicting your chance of winning against someone else with a different elo number. That's it. It says absolutely nothing else about you as a player, and no one but you cares what your elo is.
0	I wouldn't put it past him to do something like that. The past few times he came over for the weekend to hang out (he doesn't live in the same town as me) he eats my leftover food, drinks my beer and doesn't pay for any of it. I've gotten to the point where I don't let him visit anymore...   EDIT: Let me clarify something. I'm a college student, and food is a bit of an expense. The fact of the matter is, he comes over and eats any kind of food I have, not just leftovers. It would be fine if it were once or twice but he has done it multiple times. This includes liquor too. He's even requested that I pick up his tab at restaurants a couple of times, which I obviously refuse because he won't spot me on a meal in return. Oh, and he's also requested me to buy him a few drinks at the bar, which would have been fine if he would pick up the next round, but he doesn't, and never would.
1	Idk if you are just trolling me but it doesn't have to be that way.   Good sales can be set as the bottom line.   It can also definitely be assumed that the "great" sales do not happen enough to raise the average. If all sales are "good" then  "great" will not change quality of the average sale by much, compared to a poor sale.   In addition, I assume that by "average" you refer to the statistical mean (which is common), but keep in mind if we use the term "average" for the median or mode (also correct), this does not necessarily  imply some mystical karmic balance between the quality of our sales.
1	These are one of the worst tips I've ever seen in reddit. By all means, they are accurate, but they teach you nothing.   Idea of playing rankeds is to improve your own skills   All you are assuming is minimalizing random event and influence of your own teammates. Its a very bad habit, which eventually wont bring you far away.   In my opinion don't do that, what op stated. Try to have a strategic point ingame in every circumstances instead of getting the most proficient scenario.   You may ask 'why'?  Because on higher parts of Diamond you will encounter more orthodox picks than you have ever seen and either two things will happen:     your bad habits from what op stated will make you mad, because you cant 'outdodge' that ap cho mid etc.   you will start falling with ranks, because you can't adapt to diamond "trolling" (where by trolling I mean, we dont give that much of attention to ranks)
0	It really depends on how the teen parents became teen parents in the first place. If it was an accident (broken condom), I can understand. I still think it's a little stupid to be having sex if you're in no position to take care of a child if anything happens but no one is perfect.  If it's because she let a dude go balls deep raw then yes, I blame her. Even if she's on the pill it doesn't make sense to me to risk it.
1	My only problem with a best of 7 is... like you've said... too long.   The Finals possibly a bo7 but a bo5 is still a better format on the Finals even.  Here's why.   There isn't enough strategic diversity offered now that the meta of "optimal gameplay" is forming.  This could be seen in vision control, objective (towers / buff) control, dragon / baron skirmish control.   The only diversity that could trump this almost common playstyle that teams are trying to optimize is through champion selection.   Champion selection has its own tier list on strength at the moment.  I think i read somewhere that Riot is trying to strengthen the disparity by buffing lesser played characters to the extent where the gameplay meta + the added champion pool diversity that stands a chance in competing on a tournament gives enough variance where a best of 7 could warrant that.
1	Remember that Anivia is probably one of the(if not the) best late game casters.   If she does good and has a lot of AP, she instagibs pretty much anyone every time her ult and Q are both off cooldown.   If she does bad, she still has an AOE stun, an AOE slow, and dat wall.   If she builds tanky, it sucks because you really can't do anything, because you're stuck with the conditions you put forth, but I think you  want to pop her egg as early as possible, then kill her as quickly as possible(though possibly not during the egg).   Anivia is balanced by mana, more or less, so if she's using all of the tools at her disposal, she has crazy mana problems.
1	I don't like him anymore his passive does shit all early game now I feel. Now I'm not saying the nerfs weren't warranted they were (he used to win like every lane). Its just he is no longer as much of a lane bully with more focus on scaling into the mid/ early late game. And quite frankly that makes me kinda sad. I liked having a Darius style ADC. Where u win every lane and snowball like a bitch 10minute ie anyone? I wish they nerfed his late game in a more meaning full way than just his ult cool down. Instead they gutted his early damage which is why corki and graves have risen to prominence as they always full filled a similar purpose of a strong lane and great mid game with decent late game scaling the only difference was their niche. Graves= burst, corki=poke and lucian= mobility. That is what each of these bursty early game adc's excelled at. They just hit Lucian with the ban hammer first because apparently pros value mobility the most.
0	Copy/pasted from another response.   I am not an EMT. I am a paramedic. I give a wide range of drugs, intubate, cannulate, read ECG's to reasonable depth, and do a variety of other interventions that EMT's can't (in the UK).   He is no longer a Health Care Professional, and has been retired for 2 decades. He is from the 'old school' of medicine. You know, where women were pretty little things in uniforms, and were laughed at for being considered able to go higher than nurse. Ambulance men, were just taxi drivers, with a stretcher to scrape people up, and nurses were just the arse-wipers, and gophers. He has not had a clinical update in 30-40 years.   His 'tests' for me would be stuff that we would see every day. An example:   UNCLE:- You are called to a man in the road; he is seemingly unconscious. What do you do?   ME:- Well, check for danger, try and get a response from verbal, then pain stimuli, then assess his ABC's.   UNCLE:- Ah, yes, but then you notice an empty bottle. Now what do you do?   ME:- Assume it must be Friday night, and I must be in a town in the UK, but not rule out medical or trauma causes. So get a blood sugar, take other observations, such as pulse, BP, oxygen saturations, and do a full secondary survey, to assess for trauma, from the head down. In the event of no obvious cause, and irreversibility with anti-opioids, transfer to the appropriate A&E dept at hospital, depending on if there is stroke, cardiac or trauma as a potential cause. (in the UK there are specialist treatment centres for these things).   At this point my uncle, would usually try and go to a depth of medical knowledge that would be beyond me, but fail, because his knowledge has diminished, and he thinks I am just an ambulance driver. Which I am not - I drive a car.   I don't pretend to know everything, and there is an enormous gap between General Practitioner, or in fact ANY medical doctor, and a Paramedic, There is no disputing this, and I would not even try. But my uncle is not a GP any more, and has not been for some time. He would not be able to cut it in the modern world of medicine. He is quite patronising, and also rather condescending with his manor, as I imagine he has always been to his staff, and patients, because that is how a lot of them were in the "good ol' days".
0	I did this through most of the month. I told my husband and kids I wasn't hungry because I ate a big lunch while they were gone. Then I would wait until they were full and see if there was any left over.   The worst part of the whole thing is going through your mental to do list the night before and the same thing is at the top of the list every night. Figure out how to get something for dinner. It kept me up so many nights trying to figure out which options were still available to me and which ones I have already used up. Call mom is a good one unless you know that mom is having financial trouble too, and she will give up her only food for you the same way you do it for your kids.   Two days ago our food stamps were approved and the feeling of going grocery shopping was euphoric. I was literally singing "Look at this stuff isn't it great" from the little mermaid as I put the food away. I still peek in the fridge every once in a while just to bask in it's fullness.
1	ive been playing a lot of support. ive always loved the dual lane meta. and one thing ive learned is that it is not by any means easy. you need to be in the minds of two opponents (and if ur solo queueing 3) you need reaction for janna shields and you need to be able to intiate good fights for your ad or toss out poke when its safe and constantly read the situation. being all the while map aware allowing your ad to focus on last hitting.
0	Not to say that men are not held up to unrealistic standards, but the situation isn't the same.   We as men get a lot more of a pass for not meeting those standards. That isn't to say they don't cause mental harm. I have more than my fair share of body image issues, and while I've mostly gotten over my body dysmorphia, it does affect me sometimes. I have personal stake in how much value is placed on appearance in society, because it's one of the things that's caused me the most mental anguish in my life. However, we are shown in various forms of media that we are more than our looks. Yes, things are easier when you're conventionally attractive (which I also have firsthand experience with, having switched sides of the fence thanks to an unhealthy amount of exercise and a fortuitous puberty), but we do also have plenty of traits that are valued higher in men.   Those male characters you mention are not just attractive. They're also brave, resourceful, intelligent, etc. They're generally more fleshed-out, and their sexuality is not at the forefront of their imagery or characterization. And while I don't play enough video games to think of examples of this in that particular medium, in television and film, you see actors like Kevin James, Jonah Hill, and Seth Rogen with women generally considered to be far more attractive than them. This sends the message that they have traits that are more valuable than their looks. You'd never see that happen with Rebel Wilson or Melissa McCarthy, for example (unless it was played for laughs). Female characters are shown as being shallow if they don't see past the looks of those actors' characters, but it would not be shown the other way around.   I don't think Anita Sarkeesian was trying to say that men are never sexualized, but that women are never  not  sexualized, especially in video games. And hell, outside of media, how many criticisms of Hilary Clinton start with knocks on her looks or hair? How many interviews with women in politics and media revolve around their diets or what they wear instead of what work they've done? How many interviews with men do that?   The problem with the Men's Rights movement is not that it's trying to solve the issues men face. There are issues we face, and they should be solved. But the MRM tends to point fingers at the wrong people and act as though others' problems are either not real or not important.
0	I thought it was cool and all when they first started doing it, but after today I'm a little disenchanted. There are a lot of other kids out there that would love this special treatment too, I bet. If another kid asks for batman, or spider man or what-have-you, are we going to go through this whole thing again? Unlikely! This stopped being about the kid, and became more about people doing something for the sole purpose of making themselves feel good. I wouldn't say it's false empathy, but rather false altruism.   I'll probably get booed here too by going a step further- the kid in question isn't "dying." It's in remission. This is not likely to be his last great memory, but there are some kids out there where something like this WOULD be, because they are NOT in remission. And if that really doesn't matter, what about all the other caner survivors out there?
1	Here's an idea. How about we stop having a subreddit controlled by the mods, but by users. The users are the ones that post the content that is relevant to the subreddit. This is totally relevant to League of Legends. League of Legends is the most popular streamed game EVER.   Now that there are only 2 platforms upon which a new player can stream on, Destiny's article provides a very real world example. Not only the users streaming themselves but supporting their favourite streamers, how do they know that the subscription money they're giving is actually going to the streamer?
0	Appreciate that. Sorry this will be a little long even though I'm just touching lightly on most of these subjects, but there's a lot that goes into my decision.   On the pro-Obama side, I've been quite impressed with his calculated and thoughtful approach to world politics. I have been quite impressed by his handling of our international and military affairs. The worldwide reputation of the US was greatly damaged during the Bush years. And Obama has gone along way towards repairing our relationships. And I have been impressed by his prosecution of the wars and conflicts we have been engaged in during his presidency.   And he actually has a pretty good record at home too. He oversaw the stabilizing of the entire US economy. We were in free-fall when he came into office. That's a pretty big thing. He oversaw the reversal of the loss of 800,000 jobs a month to a period of years of private sector job growth. And he oversaw the recovery of the auto industry. And he got Obamacare passed. That's something people have been trying to do since FDR. And while it may not be perfect, it's a change which at least forces the ball rolling. And there's a lot more but I'm already failing at keeping this short.   And on a human level, he strikes me as an extremely intelligent, caring man. And most importantly, as far as a politicians go, he seems to be one of the more open and honest ones around at his level. If you have examples that I should see that prove otherwise, I would certainly like to see them.   The main things that keep me from being a complete supporter are his failures to end some of the recent government surveillance programs, the lack of protection for and prosecution of whistle-blowers, his justice department's failure to respect state drug laws, and his failure to call out the lawmakers in Congress more directly for their obstruction. And lastly, I fault him for not making a better effort to try to bypass the media filters and speak frequently and directly to the American people.   Now turning to Romney, I find the lack of specifics about his plans extremely disconcerting. He keeps talking about his five-point plan. And it looks kind of impressive until you realize it is all just lofty goals without any specificity about how they can be achieved. Independent analysis has shown his numbers simply don't add up. The only way they can be achieved with his reduction in tax rates is if the middle-class ends up paying more. And when pressed for details, he has only said he would reveal them after elected. I want to know before the election so I can make an informed decision.   And given his failure to provide any specifics, one can only look at this record. Again, it looks quite impressive until you start digging into the details.   He first qualification was that he was a successful businessman at Bain Capital. To me, that alone would not qualify someone as a good presidential candidate because the goals of a business and the goals of a government are quite different things. And then when you actually look at this record there, there are a lot of things I find quite distasteful. There were some success stories like Staples, but there were others like KB Toys where they severely damaged the companies by burdening them with massive debt while the investors walked away rich. And the fact that they were a pioneer in off-shoring to China is a bit unsettling as well. There's a lot more that could be said on this subject.   Associated with that, I also don't like that has refused to follow precedent by not releasing at least three past years of tax returns.  That's pretty standard so his refusal to do so raised red flags.   And then there was his credentials of saving the Olympics. Yes he did an excellent management job by most accounts, but he also hit the federal government up for unprecedented amounts of money. They got around a half billion dollars because of Romney's efforts. And that really goes against what he says he stands for today.   And then there is his record as Governor of Massachusetts. Again, it looks good on paper. But when you look into the details, it's not so good. He lowered taxes while he was there. But he also raised and added new fees that ended up making government cost significantly more for lower and middle-class people while reducing the burden of those at the top of the income scale. And it also appeared that once he had the job on his resume, he did not care to actually do the work. He was out of the state all or part of over 200 days in his last year running around the country trying to get ready for his presidential run in 2008.   So since he won't tell us his plans, we can only go off his records. And the kind of things he's done don't look they are going to help the people of the middle-class who have been getting their butts kicked pretty much since the 1970s.   And on a more human level, I have to say I don't find him trustworthy at all. And it's not just the frequent, well-documented lying. I just don't trust his character. It appears this is a man who was not propelled to the candacy by his drive to help, but rather someone who set his sites on the job and directed the last twenty years of his life towards trying to get it. And it may not be politically correct to say, but his participation as a bishop in the Mormon church is unsettling to me. I've read some pretty disturbing things about that church.
0	When I was in the position OP was, my boss came over and just straight up told me that they weren't going to give me a raise.  I don't mind you not addressing it if I haven't, but it's insulting as fuck to have someone tell you they fired the other IT guy who made more money than me, weren't hiring anyone else to fill his position, AND they weren't going to pay me more.   I told him that I'd do the same quality job I'd been doing to the best of my ability, but if I couldn't get to something at one of our 14 offices that day, it would have to wait until the next.   I worked in a Real Estate related field, and all of the branch managers were women, whose branch was more important than every other office.  It was funny when they'd call and try to get mad at me because I hadn't made it to their office yet, and I'd just forward them to my boss.  Let him tell them their office is #10 of 14, and that there's something wrong at the #2 office that's more important.  He'd just fucking lie to them though, but I didn't have to.  When the distance between the two farthest apart offices is 60 miles, it can take me a while to get to you.   After I left (albeit unrelated to the above), they moved the servers to a corporate office so the local IT team didn't have to do anything with them, and my replacement made more than me with less experience, and they let the fucker work from home.  I miss the money and mostly easy job, but I don't miss that BS.  I hated politics, and since I was the IT manager, I had to play the game sometimes.  I sucked at it because everyone else had been there 20 years+ and even when it came to IT decisions, they asked my boss who had to call me to ask how to log people out of the Citrix Management Console FFS.
1	SPOILER ALERT: They did.   Here's an example, Samsung released their galaxy s4 active that is can handle water right? Guess what, someone from AT&T told reddit that it actually "can't" and the warranty on the S4 Active is void if the source of damage was water and you can't a free replacement.   Now   The  employer  released a video saying it can do that while the  employee  from their call center said that it was false.  Should  Samsung have done that? No but the money from their contract is still coming.   For Team Siren   Not only did the video get everyones attention but it gave them a  name . Now it wasn't a great  name  but it got their name out into the League of Legends community. The video itself was too cheesy and serious and this community would not like it.   >Its their team, why not? if they didnt like the video THAT much, leave the team and form your own
0	This opinion seems hella repugnant and callous. What did someone else being fat ever do to you? Was your puppy sat on by somebody's careless giant butt? If so, fuck you cause that puppy wasn't going to last long regardless of what sat on it and you shouldn't hold on to that anger. Look at it this way, If I'm a fat bastard the only thing that's going to affect is my own damn self. Too big to sit in one airline seat? I'll have to buy a second. Too out of shape to play a fun sport for extended periods of time with the gang? Bummer, I guess I'll just sit out for now. Fat people understand that an opportunity cost exists with eating so much. Being fat isn't anyone's problem but their own for the most part and if the specific fat people are cool with it then that's all there is to say about it. If they were encouraged to get fit by positive people that weren't full of projected hate I think that would be super rad but, you shouldn't make it your duty to inflict psychological damage to others cause they are totally unfuckable in your eyes. (I'm assuming this is something on a shallow level of looks because I doubt your passion for making fat people feel bad comes from a place of compassion for their health.) A lot of people suffer mental health issues because they are ashamed of the way they look and because they fear the way others perceive them, I think that's fucked up. I think shitheads like you should take a second to realize just how low you are behaving as people when other's feels of self worth are lowered because you don't like their appearance.   In regards to the fact that fat peoples' medical bills affect all of us; this is true, you got me there. let's inflict mental damage on fat people as penance for their folly, that's totally reasonable guys. Homeless people are a burden to the tax payer as well so we should just arrest them, oh no wait... we'd still pay for them, instead let's just murder them. Same with criminals!  they're on the country's dime and they've clearly proven they are not fit to be treated with dignity. The old and infirm can stay if they payed into Medicare but we got no room for orphans or the mentally ill as I can see it.
1	I can relate to this because im low mmr (gold 1/plat 3) and i was stuck in bronze for a long time but when i made it to silver i went to gold almost immediately(2 weeks) the thing that did it for me was playing jungle nunu/udyr and taking the first 3 dragons alone you can pull it off almost 80%, in gold 1 is not as effective but believe me, nobody fucking wards in silver and you can even press tab to check if the support even gives a crap about sight but i can assure you if you just keep playing you eventually become good enough if you try instead of blaming your team you can also learn the game by playing a lot the same champs over and over again and learn to in a way, exploit the game.
0	here's a bunch of different views on this topic (top one is a pretty easy, quick read if you just wanna
1	Supports and tanks are really overrated as a "team need."   You can see this in high level competitive play too, as a tanky DPS initiator can sometimes be the "tank" as the comp focuses on heavy burst.   And you can play a lot of characters as "support" in lieu of a traditional babysitting sustain support.  Low Elo AD carries usually are bad enough at farming that you can count on picking up a number of waves for yourself, and since so many of them have poor positioning, you might find it worthwhile to get a character who has some offensive potential.
1	Lolskill is not how you decide who is "best". It gives too much weight to who plays that champ in solo q. I'll bet that the top 5 zeds on lolskill could duel bjerg, hai, or any LCS mid and get humbled really quickly, for instance.
1	A study sponsored by the video hosting website MyVideo estimated that 61.5% of the 1000 most viewed YouTube clips are blocked in Germany. This is significantly higher than, for example, in the United States (0.9%) or in Switzerland (>1%).
0	When a friend of mine's job was shutting down, they were all brought into the conference room and told the facts. The company then told them that they were free to look for jobs while still working, they'd get paid their normal salaries, and they brought in specialists and consultants to help everyone who needed help and advice. 3 months later, 90% of the workforce had moved on, the remaining people were handed severance packages that were 5 figures.
1	Well 2 things, a making sure the biggest event they've ever run in 3/4 different countries runs smoothly, would temporarily take the top seat yes. And to go further on that, now Worlds is over, people seemed to think that a large company can only do 1 task at a time. There are many groups doing many different tasks at the exact same time. Champs and skins will still come out because those people probably don't have the skills to deal with infrastructure. Also, people act as if picking up and moving the base of Everything, without shutting down the service for anywhere from a week to a month is a simple task, if Riot was able to solve this problem in anything under 2 years, it would be incredible! Let's just make Riot the NWO cause that would be the greatest move in the history of infrastructure.
0	You see there is your first problem. You feel attacked by Europeans. Nobody implied that Europe is better. Also this meme isn't about Europe at all.  Were is this "'Murica" stereotype coming from? Well you had the Gulf wars and Iraq. Let's just talk about Iraq for a second. A war where the US government decided to don't give a shit about UN mandates and attack a country even though the UN found no signs of WMD during their investigations. I bet you would make fun of other countries if they did that too.  So this meme is not about the fact of invading Iraq for WMD/oil but about the fact that the US said something and did the opposite. (preaching freedom/democracy and waging war) So this is the core element of this meme. Not that hard to understand actually. So what does "Kenya found water/ how 'bout some freedom" actually implies? It's not meaning that the US is thinking about attacking Kenya for water. It would be idiotic to assume that. No, it is a funny joke that the US might declare war while using a bogus argument (freedom) as a casus belli just like they did in the past decade.  So you could try and not be extremely sensible and laugh at those jokes. It's fine if reddit makes fun of foreigners but once the USA is criticised those pictures are stupid. Sorry but this makes you guys look fake. You can't post pictures about France being cowards because of WWII and laugh at them but when somebody makes a joke about the US you all start flipping.  Maybe US-American political humor is different but the rest of the world seems to like those memes (since they get upvoted).  Regarding 9/11. Reddit is an international platform that is mostly used by Americans so if anybody about 9/11 popped up on the front page a majority of American redditors has upvoted it. So no it's not us "Europeans" (still wondering why you assumed everybody outside of the US is European..) who made those pictures. I personally see 9/11 as a very national trauma (I don't see pictures about London, Madrid, Bologna, Munich popping up) so you might understand that it was a pretty regular day in other countries. Also I have no idea why you would assume that criticising the US should be forbidden on 9/11. This seems like a really US-centric point of view imho.   I would like to have a reasonable discussion with you or other people but I already know that nobody is going to reply seriously.
1	play some kind of meta that means no karthus adc and caitlyn top but u can play what u good at if u rly good at urgot and liking him then pikc him play him u can do good so basically always play waht u like and good at it!
0	About a year ago, my mouth broke out in sores.  After consulting the "experts" at CVS, the pharmacist told me I had the herps.  I was furious.  I'd only been with two men at the time, and both had been kissless virgins before me.  I went to the doctor to get tested and ranted profusely because now I'm assuming I have a disease that, though mostly cosmetic, is going to be with me the rest of my life, and I saw no way I could have gotten it without one of my previous lovers cheating on me.   My doctor gave me a pat on the back and told me not to go get the shotgun just yet. He looked at me and said "herpes is so easy to spread and can take so long to show up.  You probably got it from grandma's kisses when you were little."   It wound up being an allergic reaction to something or other.  I still don't know what set it off, btw.
1	I usually like to be subtle, but it's 11 at night.  You were banned because a Riot rep tasked to determining whether or not to ban someone thought your actions were ban-worthy.  You may not think that your actions fell under that umbrella, but you are  wrong.   You're expecting to get preferential treatment from Riot just because you used to be a big deal (apparently), and you've shared technical details with them in the past.  You've got to face the facts: you're not immune to the tribunal just because of who you are, and neither will you receive preferential treatment.   It doesn't matter whether you feel cheated or not.  A jury of your peers determined that you broke the Summoner's Code on  multiple  occasions and thus, you were banned.  The right thing to do in this instance is to provide Riot with the exploit, and give them the opportunity to push out a fix before going public with  any  details.  Anything else, and I wouldn't be surprised if Riot just out-and-out permabans you.   The only section of the community that this information would help are the trolls and asshats who have also been banned for their behavior in game.  Going public will have no positive effect on the game itself, and it will only serve to stroke your ego, and make a lot of bad people very happy.   If you want Riot to acknowledge your existence, do something nice.  Start a tutorial series, or write some League-themed comedy.  If you're an experienced gamer, perhaps shoutcasting would be a decent avenue for you to take.  Make a  positive  difference in this community rather than a negative one.
0	Usually check engine lights aren't that bad. When its solid it usually means that something isn't running properly; usually a sensor or something relatively inexpensive. When your check engine light is flashing, that's usually when something big has fucked up and you're in for a larger repair bill.
0	It's not cut and dried. Sure, there are negative aspects to inner city culture, (not black culture - there are no homogenous racial cultures) and young black people are constantly bombarded with negative stereotypes and role models, but urban crime culture and gang culture are very closely related to economics, which find their root causes in historical racism. Latinos are another ethnic group who are in a big way affected by urban crime culture, and likewise have similar socioeconomic problems as a group.   If you grow up poor, if you grow up in the inner city, and if you grow up with a relative in jail, then you're in serious trouble from day one, regardless of race. That doesn't apply to all black people, but it applies to a disproportionately large percentage of them. While institutional racism doesn't have nearly as much impact now as it did fifty or one hundred years ago, its effects have lingered in the demographics of today. Poverty is self-perpetuating, and while many people, including many black people, have made it out of poverty, they are the exceptions, not the rule.   The fact that black people have not had equality under the law for nearly as long as most other American ethnic groups has retarded their economic advancement as a demographic. As time moves on, I anticipate that incomes and quality of life will trend upwards, and incarceration and drug use rates will trend downwards, and then the question of "African American culture" can be isolated. But at the moment the issue is too mired in the repercussions of institutional and legal racism to be studied objectively.
1	In early levels (like 1-15, maybe 1-20) I can see having a few genuinely new players.  But usually, after stomping a few games matchmaking will put you in games with other people who are likely smurfs.  I can safely expect almost every if not all players in my level 27 smurf's game to also be smurfs, but I'm not going to expect much out of them because they likely wouldn't be smurfing if they were actually good.   The smurfs  you're  getting matched with probably aren't much better than you are in the grand scheme of things, and they're probably just trying to get another account to level 30 to try to have another chance at placement... which they will again fail miserably at and likely end up at some abysmal sub-1200 rating.  Just know that you're still learning, while they're beyond help.   On the point of adding everyone to your ignore list at the start of the game, that's not a bad idea, even when playing ranked.  Feel free to do so.   Honestly, the only time I ever smurf is if I dodge a ranked game and still feel like playing, or if I want to play with a friend who doesn't have a 30 account yet and I don't want to have him play against a level 30 with a full set of runes/masteries while he has nothing.   The people who smurf just for a power trip of being able to beat little children should just be ignored.  You could easily get waaaaaaaay better than them just by taking like 2 days watching a good streamer, and taking note of everything they do and try to understand the reasoning behind it.   =
1	No, but you should be explaining your reasoning as to why you don't think my changes would be a good addition to building a better LeBlanc, and in turn should give your ideas on how to create more counter play to her kit whilst still retaining enjoyable mechanics.   ..Which is what I would have said (again), until I found out you are pretty blatantly retarded when it comes to understanding how the champion's kit works since:   a) You don't even play the champion. b) You haven't played against the champion. c) Your comparisons are illogical.   Riot has shown to be hypocritical with their so called 'design ethic' of counter player time and time again, so that's out the window.
0	Your stopping distance comparison focuses completely on one aspect of speed and blatantly overlooks many others.   Let's take this comparison to the extreme: Example highway where every driver but one is driving the same speed 30mph over the speed limit. Wow so unsafe. The one other driver has decided to minimize his stopping distance by sitting in the middle lane at 0mph. He sure if safe with that 0 foot stopping distance. Good job. Do you really believe he is less of a hazard than if he were driving the same speed as the other drivers, because the others are so scarily fast? I'm sure nobody will mind him stopped in the middle of the road.
0	Ok.  So, while I totally get this, I think it's pretty unhealthy for women (and men) to react this way, both for themselves and for the partners involved.  Sometimes things don't work the way you want them to - guys get anxious, or drink too much, or think that morning wood is actually useful (for many men it's very difficult to cum if you're starting with morning wood), women get anxious, aren't in a good spot in their hormonal cycle (which does affect sexy times for some folks), etc etc.  If you blame your partner's lack of orgasm on 'not being attractive enough' you are misunderstanding a whole lot, creating negativity for yourself, and putting a ton of pressure on your partner, which oftentimes will only make things worse.   Communication and confidence are key here - if your partner is enjoying what you're doing, it's not you.  So communicate with them and ask what they want, but don't take it personally if they can't cum.  Sure, trying different things can help, but maybe he's too anxious now that it's taken 'so long', and your desperate attempt to switch positions or activities will only be distracting.  If you're unclear on where you are in that process,   ask them  .
0	Not sure if username...or serious   As someone who literally gave zero fucks from the beginning of the snowden debacle I feel obliged to say that the spying isn't new. Why people think it is, is mystifying. This kind of event happens every so often between presidents(bush and wire tapping for example).   The only reason this story has so much traction is because one of our spies leaked information out. Seriously he had one job and all he had to do was not talk.
1	it's impossible to get gold from placements in the new system so people can't get on lucky streaks during placements for gold, you have to actually earn it now.
0	Not going to lie, I was convinced to watch it and it was hard at first. Season 1 and 2 are  very  underwhelming. They were OK to watch but totally not what I expected and not that entertaining. Then I started season 3 and it was a whole new ball game. Really, really, REALLY good. Season 4 and 5 are probably the best which is unusual because most shows are usually better in the earlier seasons.
1	What you say is true. However Caitlyn is (obviously) a squishy, which makes her all about positioning, kiting, all of that "good player" stuff which a new player will most likely not have. Therefore in a low level game I'd imagine that bruisers carry a lot harder (and more easily) than squishies such as Caitlyn, which makes me argue that no ADC or squishy AP should be below a 5 or 6 on a difficulty scale.   Thinking about it, perhaps Cait becomes "easier" as you progress in terms of skills, and learn the above stated mechanics, positioning, trading potential, farm skills, etc.
0	b/ is the driving force behind 4chan, most funny content and memes started up there. I was on it years ago with all the dumb stuff (sage,inb4) blah blah. I definitely checked out the other forums but /b/ had new content on the front page every few seconds.
1	As I told you, I mainly play him as an AP bruiser now, so I start with a bit of AP and magic penetration, and I find the damage/slow dealt by his E pretty good (probably not top-tier though).   Usually whenever I'm ganking with him, I'll let my MS buff charge for 1 sec before actually popping onto the lane. The main issue is, as you said: a good marksman will AA you so your shield goes off, but usually it's already too late and you're in range to land your E (which is honestly not hard to land). The slow is actually pretty good, and while pre-6 skarner's ganks are not really powerful, I often make the enemies burn a flash or 2, because the damage from his E/Q is rather good.
1	Aside from current situation with useless solutions that riot suggests, no explanation whatsoever and freebies other servers get for much minor issues, I started to see whenever a major tourney/event happens, EUW servers go down the drain with no eminent solution and get fixed after riot has nothing better to do at their schedule. It's not that serverload or technical mumbo-jumbo that screws our servers, it is just neglect from Riot.
1	But if you got told you were reported 4 times for verbal abuse, said nothing in all chat in the game, or post game chat and non of your team said to report you in all or post game chat you know it was your team mates and if you were that way inclined look at recently played and message them.
1	That changed tone rather quickly.   Gold 1 support main here.   I get praised when I get my ADC fed, when I have objectives warded at relevant times, and when I save my teammates from an otherwise assured death. I also praise my ADC for his excellent skill with his champion that ALSO got him fed, my teammates when they are quick to capitalize on an advantage (e.g. Dead Jungler/Laner) by taking an objective, and my team for functioning well with each other in teamfights.   You most likely wrote this because you got yelled at by your team for not giving some bronze support main asshole the reach around you didn't think he deserved. What you need to realize is that Bronze Support mains aren't assholes, Assholes sometimes main support in League of Legends. You should also understand how incredibly ignorant you sound when you blanket insult an entire group of players. I am a fucking GOOD support and I know this. But you don't. So, before making a statement like "All support mains are entitled pricks" (A good
1	She is actually better than she used to be supporting Sivir and Corki in particular. Two points in infuse gives more mana than three points used to and this allows those two AD champions to trade extremely effectively in lane since soraka can level heal more readily than ever. In a standard support lane, if you opened faerie charm + wards, you should run out of mana near the time when you need to go back anyways for a philostone.
0	See, I disagree.   I am one of those rare guys that "has ever had a meaningful relationship with a woman." At least, it was meaningful to me. I could easily have seen myself marrying this girl (I'm not calling her a woman for a reason), but she didn't think I was as important as messing around with other guys and "playing the field," if you will.   But that's not what angers me. That was legitimate, as she (as far as I know) abstained from that until we broke up. No, what got me was that she lied to me about how she felt up until the very end. She would blame stupid shit on everyone but herself, and then keep making the same selfish decisions. And I was supposed to be okay with it because she said "I love you" once in a while.   When she left, she did it over the phone. She was sighing and huffing any time I tried to talk. She generally treated me like a worthless child. And it was that moment that I found out that she was just as immature as I could imagine. Since then, I've turned around my outlook on her. I wouldn't go back to her if she begged. And these memes (although I'm not the biggest fan of them) sometimes do ring true about this particular ex of mine - even though I loved her with every ounce of my being while we were together.   I respect your opposition of treating women like whores in general. I agree with it. But until you've been in a situation that truly fucks up your ideal of love and women - and perhaps does so literally overnight - you are overstepping your bounds in proclaiming what adult men "should" and "shouldn't" do.
1	Ok I might be the only one here thinking that way but...   Holy shit I enjoyed that game so much, ok Elements lost but they were never ahead in gold anyways. They did have all the makings of a victory though.   Thing is I still think they played a great game and I really enjoyed watching it. They no longer passively wait things out, they finally grow balls and go in fucking deep.   To all you fuckers bashing Wickd (nope I'm not even an Elements fan) have you ever thought that his Rabadons pick up was intentional because Froggen went to more of a dive build, with less AP, so he would stick the targets to where they are and Wickd lays down crushing ults (what he actually did)? Sure sorc shoes + guise is standard but well I think they had a thought process behind and it worked early.   Same goes for the shook bash now, you flame him for months, writing he's utter shit and inconsistent, then he mans up, fails like every sportsman from time to time does and you flame him again? WTF he was there keeping Elements relevant early/mid game in the firs place!   Heck you can play well (fight for your life) and still lose.
0	My mother could have abused me to no end but losing her still would have made the empty hole I feel today without her.   This is one thing that I will never understand. If a mother abuses her child and pretty much ruins his childhood why would she deserve his love?  My mother have done a lot of fucked up things to especially me but my brothers as well. She left me many miles away from home when I was 12 with nothing in my pockets and I had to hitchhike with strangers to get home. She basically brain washed me to thinking that my dad is a monster. And she told me I was fat all my childhood which caused me to suffer anorexia nervosa for over 3 years and she blamed it on my older brother for being a vegetarian. She threw me out so many times that lost count and she was violent.  I'm sure that she is mentally ill (although she would never admit it or even agree to see a doctor) but she knew what she was doing. Whenever someone outside of the family was around she would act like the most loving mother ever and it made me sick.   I moved far away from my family at 17 (I am now 19) and even though I miss the rest of my family, I've never felt this free. There are many times that I cry in my bed, calling out for "mama" meaning the mother that I feel is missing from my life but I know that she will never come.   Just because you brought a child to this world does not mean that they should love you no matter what. Act like a loving mother and you will get that love. When I tell people about her almost everyone will respond "But she's still your mother so you must love her, right?" No. Why would I have any positive feelings towards anyone who fucked me up like she did, mother or not?   Sorry about the novel but that really offended me so I wanted to share my story.
0	i just hate when someone refers to themselves as a 'redditor'. reddit is not some hive-mind like everyone likes to assume, there are all sorts of different people on reddit and as you said most of them are assholes. in fact i'm sure most of you think i'm an asshole because its the internet and i don't give a fuck who i offend.
1	I suck at jungle, always have, and everytime ranked foreces me to play jungle, there's this shaco on the enemy team that i swear is chasing me down in queue's, he comes, steal my red, take everyone after that AND is also on every bush of every lane i try to gank...
1	Because you made such a big deal about being addicted to it and overcoming it"   "It's a time waster and doesn't grow you as a person or spiritually"   "Nobody said he 'can't' play legends of whatever its called. It was the fact of omission to it being an addiction. No different than smoking, stealing, drinking, gambling, overeating. Would you still be encouraging him to continue in those activities? Anything taken to an extreme becomes a liability (...) anything can become a downfall. It's the time you give to it and letting it consume you."
1	I've have been playing rammus intensely since the end of season 2.  He was the champ that solidified gold, got me into plat, and helped boost me into diamond s4.  My current win rate is around that, 60 ish or so.  I've lost count.  I don't see Him played often but if people play him like I do they know how to play him.  Doesn't matter what the enemy team comp is, I simply know ways to build around it and still be effective.  He is incredibly underestimated.
1	IIRC there were only 3 matches that crashed. WE was ahead in the initial Game 2 (which is why many say WE should've been the rightful winner because they could've won the Bo3 right there). Then in the initial Game 3 CLG was about to win when it crashed (no doubt there, the nexus was basically open to them). In the remake of Game 3 that crashed at around 20mins no one had a clear lead imo, it could've gone both ways.   So even if you split up the games in 3 Bo3 and count all games in favor of the team that had the lead during the game, it would've been:   WE - CLG.EU: 2-0 (Game 1 + Aborted Game 2)   WE - CLG.EU: 0-2 (Remake Game 2 + Aborted Game 3)   WE - CLG.EU: 1-2 (Postponed Bo3)   I didn't count the last of remake of Game 3, because a) no clear lead and b) it doesn't fit into the other Bo3's.   So
0	Horror story time:   Preface: I am a guy who saves frequently.   Story: Once upon a time, I was typing an essay for a college class. I spent hours typing it up on the school computers via the library network (my laptop had wifi connection issues, so I had no other option unless I wanted to drop another few hundred $$). Again, I save frequently -- think every 10 minutes or so, or every time I finish a paragraph. All of a sudden, the school network kicks me off. I think "okay, this sucks, I last saved a paragraph ago. Now I have to write that paragraph over again."  NOPE. About an hour later I'm finally able to log back on. The network reset to about 20 minutes into my essay -- so I have basically an introduction plus a little more that I can pull up. What the hell, University of [shit university name]? So I type the entire essay again on the same fucking network because I have no other fucking option. This time, however, I insert my USB drive. Fortunately, the network didn't crash again and reset. But even if it did, I was ready this time.
1	Well at ~ 1400 Elo it is :P You get so many kills w/ rylais its (not) even funny - and before anyone goes and checks my lol king Profile - yes I haven't played LoL in a month because guess what - school is more importaint^^ -
1	You would hear about the top teams talk about picking Karthus to counter Morg but they obviously don't explain it to each other so most people don't understand.   Morgana is normally a strong pick for because she is able to farm very easily and usually can not be pressured out the lane or be ganked successfully.   On top of her safe lanning phase, she is also able to put out a lot of pressure with her pushing power and safety from jungle ganks. Normally pushing a wave to the enemies tower can make it very hard to the enemy AP to last hit under the tower because of their low attack value and their need to not waste too much mana and CDs.   However this doesn't apply to Karthus because can easily not miss any last hits with Qs under tower.
0	To be fair, this is something a lot of movements suffer from.   Sam Harris's Kindle single, "Lying" goes into this really well.   He has a close friend who was sitting around by the pool with him one day, and he asked Sam if he was getting fat.  Sam answered him honestly, "Eh, you could stand to lose 20-30 lbs."   A lot of people would have said, "What, you?!  NO, man, you look fine!"  Even though for at least 70% of adult Americans, its not the truth.   As a consequence, his friend started eating better and going to the gym more.  He thanks Sam a few months later, if I remember the story correctly.
1	AD Teemo is just bad... his range is too small for large amounts of dps, hes also too squishy. Also your E becomes useless.   Onhit teemo with a rabadons (makes your e and shrooms do so much damage) imo is the best. you would function and position like an ad carry, but even if you are forced out of the fight, your poison would still do shittons of damage.
1	I've been following LPL for a while and I'll give a little context here.   1, Before All-stars   In the 2013 split of LPL, san and pomelo were considered the weaker players on OMG. However, in this split san stepped up to be one of the carrying members, while pomelo still remained to not contribute much to the team.   Also, pomelo earned a bad reputation among Chinese OMG/League fans because he is notorious toxic in solo q. He is reputed to the the biggest flamer/trashtalker in OMG. If you understand Chinese, you can look up 柚子 雪碧(pomelo, Sprite) to see what I'm talking about. (Sprite has the same pronunciation as a curse phrase pomelo used in his solo q stream, and it has become pomelo's nickname ever since).   As a result, people wanted to have him benched even before All-stars.   2, during All-star   People started to give pomelo flak in the first OMG vs C9 game, where he used Nunu, which didn't help the team at all. In the final match up, OMG wasn't that much outplayed in lanes, but pomelo looked like a train wreck compared to bengi. He made several mistakes, which SKT was able to capitalize on. What makes it worse is that people compare him to Lovelin/Allen jungling, who did outplay bengi once in S3 worlds, and under that comparison pomelo looks pretty bad.   Therefore, the pressure that was building up in fans finally exploded. People started to give him a lot of flak. But the reality is that pomelo is a long-time member of OMG, and him stepping down would hurt the team synergy a lot. Also, LPL doesn't have a lot of talented junglers. Lovelin/Allen and ClearLove are the only world-class junglers in LPL imo. Even regions that are considered "weaker" (NA/EU) have much better junglers. So they can't really find an upgrade to pomelo.
0	I don't know if you intended this or not, but corn flakes were invented by Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.  Kellogg was the medical director at the Battle Creek Sanitarium, where he basically claimed that all that ails you comes down to either "self-abuse" (masturbation) or poor colon health.  So, corn flakes (and flaked cereals in general) were invented by him with the goal of not exciting the taste buds, for fear that exciting flavors would arouse sexual feelings.  Kellogg, who also led this abstinent lifestyle, claimed proudly and publicly that despite being married for 41 years never once had sex with his wife.
0	In some states, yes. However, those laws were originally intended to protect women who had been promised marriage (I.e. were engaged)  under the coverture doctrines and had already begun the process of combining estates. In the end, the likely outcome would be a shrug from the judge unless you could prove in writing that the initial intent was deception for profit, in which case it would be a slam dunk.   Edit:
0	Wrong, asking ethnicity is a way to ensure a balance of races, so that an entire college isn't made up of only white students. And I'm pretty sure that you can choose not to answer.  It's also a way to help find out demographics and finds out all kinds of information for stuff that has things to do with social sciences.
1	Sure so to review, the old TT was located near Zaun. It was the result of warped magic from both Zaun and the Rune Wars. This is certainly fine lore, there was nothing wrong with it.   There are three basic reasons we moved TT to the Shadow Isles.   Stronger Visual Inspiration: The Shadow Isles was a natural source of inspiration for Twisted Treeline. An undead forest surrounded by horrifying twisted trees works really nicely. We could have done a dark and twisted Zaun inspired map, but the undead of the Shadow Isles provided a more natural inspiration that enabled us to produce higher quality art.   Thematic Overlap: We have other lore plans around warped and twisted magic we want to explore. We feel that those themes can be explored both visually and through lore in a way that will producer stronger results than what we would have achieved had we applied those want themes to the TT remake.   Story Opportunity: We have only started to reveal the story we want to explore through the Shadow Isles. We have six champions who are from there. We didn't have big story plans for the forest outside Zaun and only one champion was from there. We can do more lore tie ins this way, like the special lines that specters say to characters. We may add in more lines to the specters as the story unfolds.
0	mental illness is a scary topic for a lot of people since they liek to think that people have a "soul" and it's what causes their personality but confronting mental illness requires people to admit that that's false, and to confront the fact that who we are, is governed by chemicals and weird shit going on inside our brains.
0	In my experience the scale slides a little differently for each sex.   As in, a hot 9/10 girl will date a guy who is a 5/10-7/10 if his personality makes up for it and he treats her well.   A guy typically will not go more than 2 points below his scale no matter how spectacular the personality. If the guy is a 9/10 he's almost certainly not dating under an 8/10-7/10.   Again, just in what I have observed around me.   But  it should be noted that there is more wiggle room when both parties are 6/10 or under.
1	The thing is, if you want to be a top team you're going to have to practice other strategies and types of play. It's true in any sport, you can't just practice one play in basketball and expect it to work every time because you're really good at it. Once teams realize what you're doing they're going to play to your weaknesses and you have to be ready to adjust to that. If you can't then it's entirely on you for A) not having been ready, or B) not being good enough to make adjustments on the fly.   TSM is a team that is filled with a lot of individual skill, once they start winning lanes it's not hard for them to close out a game. Their problem is, that even with all of that skill they don't play as a team.   I've always thought something was a little off about them but I never really noticed until MSI, but watching their games was brutal. They never really grouped or had any relevant team presence, hell they barely even got to leave lanes. A lot of it just has to do with the caliber of the teams they faced, they just kept that constant pressure up, but as TSM fell behind it was clear they just had no idea what to do. They're not used to having to come back or playing with a handicap (like 6 fucking top lane bans, seriously?) Which is fine, I guess they don't need to learn certain things to be the best in a region like NA where there's really only a couple team that can compare skill wise. The world's a big place though and a lot of teams and countries clearly take this shit seriously, if you think you're going to get away with the same strategy every single time vs the world's best you are out of your mind.
1	There needs to be a reporting option of "this person told someone else to kill themselves" which if true merits and instant permaban.   I say that every one of these reports goes directly to Riot, where the text from the game in question (and possibly pre and post game chat as well) gets screened by an employee. If the claim is true and there was a declaration that someone ought to kill themselves, that player is immediately banned for life. But in order to prevent the inevitable abuse of this tool, a false report is punished by an immediate weeklong ban.   While this tool wouldn't be realistic in all reporting situations, one would hope that the number of cases of this occurring would be small enough that an employee or 2 could handle the screening process. It would be a massive step towards improving the community and potentially save lives.   If this were to be instituted, I also believe summoners should be forewarned of the change to avoid any potential jokes between premade groups going wrong.
0	I'm actually called AssRaptorz because of a 1980s buddy cop movie about a hard-boiled detective who also happens to be a velociraptor. His favorite food is a big juicy ass; it's his one weakness. Then his whole world gets turned upside down when he loses his partner during a shoot out and meets his new partner: a rookie with a heart of gold and dreams of actually making a difference in this crime-ridden old city. The only problem is...he's an ass. A giant talking ass. Wackiness ensues.   Will our protagonist succumb to his primal raptor urges and devour his partner, or will the power of friendship conquer all?
0	It will come out, often in cynism and sarcasm, sometimes even in anger and aggression or escapism like drinking or doing drugs. A friend of mine had this for a long time and got really depressed even though his life was good to him. Eventually he almost split up with his wife (with 2 kids) and it all bursted. They did, fortunately, decide to see someone, both together and seperate, and are working on it.  It's a long process, but he already feels lots better.
0	Took me 6 years to get through (with a year long break and switching majors twice).   My husband is going to graduate at 11 years after high school. He took time off to get me through as I was closer to graduation than he was after we got married. He then took a break due to depression and went back part time when our daughter was about a year old or so. He also changed his major somewhat dramatically (classics & letters to MIS). He's working very hard to get out and I really appreciate it.
0	This. I'm 25, graduated in May 2009 almost exactly 3 years ago. -First job was hell on earth, in my field working as a contract employee through a second party but only very loosely related to my expertise.  -Second job was a small promotion through the same contractor and was still bad but paid more and had some more responsibility.  -Third job was a serious promotion and carried a lot of responsibility, managing and tracking all of the materials for a large Telco project spanning a ton of territory (4-5 cities), but still working as a contractor for the same major telco.   This was all within a span of about two years, done by excelling at each new task even though a lot of it felt useless or mundane at the time. Truth be told, people DO take notice of things like that. One day at my desk, two guys I'd never seen before came up to me and asked if I could take a few minutes to speak with them upstairs. Turns out they were giving me a job, within the Telco itself, no more contract work, full benefits, big salary, precisely what I pictured myself doing for a career when I graduated from engineering two years before. They had asked around and already had all the info about me they needed from other inside people who had worked with me on the project I was contracted on.   I distinctly remember the phrase "It's up to you of course, but we highly recommend you take this position" being uttered before we were 5 minutes into the informal chat that passed for an interview.   Point being, I've now been in a job I love for almost a year, that has amazing prospects for advancement (these days, if you get into a company young, chances you're in perfect position to be at the top in 10-15 years because there's an entire generation that's about to retire), security, and compensation. And I didn't get there by turning down opportunities, no matter how lame they seemed at the time.   Disclaimer: Please make sure you're in the right industry for this. Obviously this does not apply to working at McDonalds part time with your business degree. Chances are head office is not going to come looking for you due to your skills with the register. But in engineering or business or sciences or even some of the arts, being someone's bitch for a while and earning next to nothing is your  foot in the door . I can't stress enough how important that is. And once it's in there, take any opportunity to make yourself visible, by attending meetings, voicing opinions when the chance is there, whatever.
0	Define "adult". 18 years working minimum wage is pretty normal. Are you referring by default to people who are 40 years or older? And, are you waving a blind eye to relatively highly educated people who take positions in full time minimum wage as means of getting by as they can't find employers? In which case, it's not necessarily their fault.   Footnote: If you say, "It's their fault for choosing to get an education in  insert commonly insulted degree here ," then you are part of the problem for trying to tell someone not to invest further in a passion of their choice that makes them an educated person.   I'm rambling, so the
1	This is a guess:   You keep your MMR. You play ONE placement game that has a decent effect on your MMR. After that game, you are placed in a division.   This is a fact:   EUW has a much larger population than EUNE. Since the rating system is based on percentiles among other things, the same MMR (or Elo in Season 2) on EUNE and EUW does not translate to the same division/league. For example, looking at season 2 Elo ratings, you find that 1450 Elo was the start of Gold League in EUNE while it was 1500 Elo on EUW.
1	I have done something similar to this once. Our team decided that top will be duo and went there, mundo was 1v2 bot and I was sticks starting at blue. As i'm about to smite it, bot lane comes and ganks me. I respawn and run straight to the golem to get ganked again, after asking mundo to follow his lane opponents if they leave. Basically I did this 9 times in a row and there was no reaction from any lane at all. I got my golem eventually (as 1 level at about 15th minute) and we managed to stomp them quite convincingly after that.
0	There are a number of problems which occur with chrome build up for decorative purposes.   Decorative chrome like that which is used in bathrooms, cannot be thickly plated enough, or else it loses it's lustre. Hard chrome plating does exist, but generally it is used for motor shaft build up in wear areas, or similarly used for gun barrel build-up (again in areas of wear). This is why the nickel layer is absolutely paramount to the long-term performance of the corrosion protective qualities of the plating. The thicker and smoother the nickel layer, the better the chrome will bind, and...the longer the corrosion protective qualities will last on the overall price.   I would also like to mention, that even before something is plated, the polishing of the substrate is very important. Many made in China or Walmart brand products give a very rough finish, which to the average consumer, looks shiny, but to the trained eye, no care was taken to polish the surface. Most cheaper products I've seen look as if they've been rough belt sanded, which is frankly, brutal, a waste of metal. You want at least a grit of 400 on the surface of a part if you are not going to pre copper plate, and even with copper you need at least 220 grit.   Chrome has a very very thin oxide layer which forms very quickly, allowing it's lustre to remain. If for example you were to plate an excessive amount of chrome or at too high of a current density, you will find that there appears a whitish and cloudy lustre in the areas of highest density. Likewise, too low of a current will result in "blow marks" which is a discoloured area of the plating surface, usually in areas of low current density, and you will almost always see these low current density points on the underside of a plating piece, it sort of looks purple/blue.   I sort of sidetracked there a bit (sorry I get all excited when my field is in discussion :) )...   But the other thing I want to mention, is that chromium, being such a hard metal, will always be full of microcracks which allow moisture to enter, and the thicker the chromium, the larger the cracks, because the plating is always stressed. Just a symptom of the metal, but damn it's got that nice blue hue to it that people just love, so we forgive this vital flaw ;)   But yes,
1	You're massively underestimating the damage mitigation of orb of winter. Let's take a really bad scenario: Max range nidalee spear, with 600 AP, 6% penetration from masteries, void staff and 20 flat mpen (boots + runes). Let's also assume that we have no other MR items, we are not running MR runes and we play a champion without MR scaling. Close to the worst possible realistic scenario for Orb of Winter.   The base damage of that spear would be 1565, which should amount to 1628 damage with havoc and double-edged sword masteries if i'm not mistaken.   First, the mitigation by the shield itself. At level 18, the shield reduces damage by 210. The actual damage reduced is amplified with 39 MR ((70+30)*0.59 - 20). 39 MR amplifies the shield by 39%, meaning damage is reduced by 292.   The remaining 1336 damage still gets affected by the 70 MR on the item. The damage dealt will be multiplied 100/100+39, compared to a multiplier of 1 without the orb. This will leave 961 unmitigated damage. In the end, we'll have reduced the incoming damage by 1628-961=667 damage. This works out to around a 41% damage reduction. If the nidalee would have fewer items, less penetration or if we had other masteries, runes or MR items this percentage would be even higher.   Running the same calculation for a ziggs bomb, with the same items, works out to roughly a 66% damage reduction. Again, this is the worst case scenario.
1	Just depends what I feel like watching that day. Also I pretty much only watch Twitch.tv   For top lanes:  Wingsofdeathx or Dyrus depending. Wings is obviously very informative, but is very focused on winning in SoloQ, not necessarily getting better as a professional player. He will pick whats best for his team, even it means him going Mid. He also complains about ghosting the second he gets camped, yet streams with 0 delay. Always bugs me. Dyrus is a good player to watch for professional play of traditional top laners.   For Mid Lanes:  Scarra is #1. He is the best streamer out there in my opinion. Always nice, always talking. He plays at a high level and teaches you at the same time. He also isn't afraid to play literally any champion. I've seen him win games with Brand Jungle and he plays a lot of Wukong mid. Exceptional streamer. Reginald and Salce aren't bad either. They are hit or miss for me.   For Jungle:  Oddone is the most reliable streamer. You know what you are going to get and is almost always streaming. Very fun to watch. Perfects is a EU streamer who is super nice and plays Shaco/Fiddle only. Shaco a very fun champion to watch and he plays it very good. Only watch if you like Meatloaf though as that's 50% of his playlist. Dan Dihn is also a good jungle stream if you like Eve Jungle. He plays it more than anything and his winrate is ridiculous.   For ADC:  Suprisingly enjoy watching Destiny. He's a former SC2 streamer who made the switch a couple months ago to full time LoL streaming and is about 1800-1900 elo atm. He only plays Draven and has more Draven games played so far this season then anyone in the world. For reasons his SC2 stream was successful, he's very relatable and easy to watch and learn something. Sometimes watching the highest level of play doesn't actually help you in your 1400 elo matches. Draven is fun to watch and Destiny plays it well. Chaox is definitely my go-to pro ADC streamer. He plays at a high level and is also just a huge Solo Queue star having both #1 and #2 positions on the ladder last month.   For Supports:  Krepo is good. Xpecial is good. Nhat is good. But Aphromoo is probably going to be the best. I used to watch him for ADC, but since switching to support for CLG he will probably stream mostly Support games. Very good streamer.
0	10 years and no advancement ? You must be an outstanding employee , and I'm sorry if my 14 years experience  tig welding as a custom metal fabricator  and another 5 years operating a mill , lathe and water jet be lies my ignorance.  It might have something to do with the fact I'm an operations manager now and see employees who do the bare minimum and complain when I don't see the potential or qualities that they so erroneously believe themselves to have.
0	Logged in just to comment:   OP, PLEASE DO NOT JUDGE HER SEXUAL ORIENTATION FROM SOME SHIT SHE WROTE IN A FB MESSAGE TO WHOEVER. Talk to your girlfriend. Admit that you saw what you saw. Tell her you're there for her, and that bisexuality is A PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE ORIENTATION FOR HER IN TERMS OF YOUR RELATIONSHIP but that if she's questioning whether she likes men at all, you'd like to be involved in the conversation.   Also, if you found out she's been seeing a girl, then you're dealing with cheating, and you may act accordingly. Just don't leap to conclusions about her sexuality without USING YOUR WORDS. Human sexuality is a spectrum, not a binary, and maybe she's figuring out she might be attracted to girls but is also totally head over heels in love with you. People can feel both things at once.
0	A few years ago my gf and I were driving down I-5, just pass corvallis cut off and I'm doing 80ish in a 65, mind you its like 1am on a weekday and there is nobody out. I'm in the fast lane because I don't feel like switching lanes every mile or so for the 1 car.   Suddenly this guy flys up on my ass, and flicks his high beams at me, I look up, pull over to the slow lane and he flys past me... $#!*! that was a cop, wtf, ok i'll go 65 for a little bit... 10 minutes pass, f-it back up to 80 in the fast lane... Guy flys up on my ass and high beams me again, pull over and BOOM another cop. WTF again. Do the same thing keep it at 65 for a little and then back up to speed, this happened one more time... I'm seriously freaked out, what the hell could be going on? a few more miles I get behind like 6-8 cop cars traveling in a pack taking up both lanes doing about 55 mph, I'm kinda scratching my head, when the 2 cop cars infront of me slow down and then lock up the brakes stopping I-5 feet infront of me, the ~4 other cops pull a pit type manouver and pull this s-10 over, seems like they ripped the door off and yank this guy out of the car. While 2 SUV cop cars come flying up the shoulders of the road.... WTF is going on, this is straight out of a movie...I sit, it clears up, traffic goes, over the next over pass I see a cop car packing stuff into his trunk(assuming spike strips), and more cops sitting on the on ramps...   I watch the news and newspapers the next few days... not a single word about it. There was easily 12 cops involved, country, state, who knows what else.
1	Lets assume there are 115 champs and at least 2 skins for each (and that's being generous). Lets assume the skins are each 100mb. That would mean 10 skins is 1gb and the game is greater than 10gb. That is skins ALONE.   Battlefield 3 is less than 10 gbs (No DLC).
0	No offense, but anyone that consistently goes to the gym have seen a lot of people that are ready to make the change to their life, yet fall off the wagon after a week. On top of that, there is no shortage of people that those regular gym goers have tried to help, yet all those efforts are lost in vain. At some point, you just become desensitized to those people and their noble quests. I can't personally say I given dirty looks or treated a fat person at the gym with disrespect, but fuck me for not looking like the proudest momma/poppa in the world, simply because you decided to finally start trying.   Besides, plaudits are handed out at the end of the journey, not throughout. You can't expect to be coddled to the finish line, at least not by strangers.
0	The child was black, I think the point is that people are focusing top much on only the racial (as evident and pronounced they are) as opposed to the even larger and just as worrisome  problem that police have a history of brutality and being let off Scott free.   Over 5000 deaths have been inflicted on Americans since 2001 by the hands of officers (more than American deaths in Iraq some news report) and just over 80 something cops have died on duty. The number includes traffic related deaths.   The racial discrimination of these brutal events should be noted, but what should piss people off the most is the police (not all, but who cares? If I go around killing people and I am part of an organization that covers it up or let's me go for no reason other than I am part of an organization the whole place should be investigated) are fucked up.   The post could also read:" a full grown black man goes violently robbing a place assaults (allegedly, as unlikely as it may or may not be) an officer and dies || a 7 year old black girl sleeping is killed by a cop, no one bats an eye "   It's not  just  about race, it's about militarization of an agency that is supposed to protect us and instead cripples innocent people financially and in way to many cases kills them in the process.   America has about 10k deaths a year from gun violence and about 5% of them are from cops killing people.   On top of that the legislators look at handgun violence and combine police and civilian actions. Police add a huge chunk of that violence and they want to criminalize handguns for any civilian.
0	It's also the main indicator of a person with serious mental illness.  They are people too.  Self-preservation is good when deciding to leave a mentally stable partner, but doing so when someone is mentally unwell could have severe consequences.   I posted my advice [in a separate comment.](
1	pick/ban rate has everything to do with the "balance" of the champion.   People pick/bans champions because it has a dominating side. In this example, lee sin is very good in the jungle. many junglers don't enjoy playing against lee sin because of that, therefore you see the bans and picks for the same reason. but lee sin falls short in the other aspects of the game. win rate show
1	Listen and read carefully, in my hypothetical example my jungler is not helping, because he is being selfish which in my experience almost all junglers are. LoL is about playing as a team, if I go leash you Golem and keep you from dying because you went to tf 1vs3 the least I could expect from you is coming to help me once in a while if I need to go buy, or if OUR TOWER is taking serious damage. Also FYI I play Alistar and I need to help OUR carry, if OUR carry sucks, we are pretty much fucked.
1	breaking the meta in solo queue comes in the form of champion choices.   You don't see Froggen going double mid in Solo Queue. You did see him playing Lee Sin and other bruisers mid after the end of Season 2.   The meta isn't broken in terms of lane mechanics, it's done in terms of team composition, in solo queue.   Simply having the choices "Top/Mid/Bottom/Jungle" fixes 99% of the issues.  Having a support and a jungle is the most efficient way to play the game and, likely, will always be that way.  You can even go double bruiser kill lane bot by just the "Bottom" designation.   Obviously the flaw with this is "but what if you put in bottom and want adc, but get paired with another adc?".  Well to be honest that's the risk you're going to have to take.  At absolute worst, you go with a kill lane.   Further, as the meta evolves Riot can change the role designations.  I find it highly unlikely though that support and something double lane will ever leave the game.  It's obviously the most efficient way to play the game against equally skilled opponents.  Same thing with the Jungle.
1	I disagree with Ezreal due to his dominant early/mid game to shut down any AD with a good late game.   Ali/Shen can be countered by  good  decent teamwork.   I believe Malph is a bit overpowered because of his ratios and strong lane phase. He is also a beast in teamfights. He really doesn't have weaknesses because you build a chalice and you can survive anything. Just needs tweaks, imo.   Eve is by no means overpowered.   Rengar needs more number tweaks, and Jayce needs a big tweak. He is currently the biggest lane bully in the game and incredibly hard to lane against.   Zyra and Diana are fine. Both are strong, but both have weaknesses.
1	I totally agree with this.   I used to be a mega noob (not that I am that good now) and had major problems with flaming and stying focused etc.   Now I always take a break inbetween games and do a bit of workout with some weights. This is drastically improved my performances. Now I am always focused on winning and I never give up.
0	You don't need to kill anyone to make a terrorist attack.   I don't know if you've heard about ETA, which was a Spain domestic terrorist group linked to the independentist movement of a north region. Now they have disbandend, but up until recently they had basically all the tricks on the book, shooting point blank in the back, bombing strategic places, trying to smuggle missile systems into Spain (this one got busted, but still).   Killing people usually came followed with a huge backslash, because obviously, so, at times, they'd prepare a bomb, wire it up, then call the police and tell them what they had done. The area was evacuated, the bomb deactivated, but they sent the message: "Look what we can do, if we wanted, people would have died".   So, in my opinion, the fact it is a terrorist attack doesn't depend on the action or the amount of killed, but rather in the ulterior motives. Was this guy a crazy lunatic that woke up one day and decided to kill a poor soul: despicable but not terrorism. If on the other hand this guy were part of a larger group that decided to show what they can do to obtain something in exchange? yep deff terrorism.
1	I think there is a difference between dumbing it down and improving gameplay changes.   I see dumbing down as removing all aspects of gameplay making things simply too easy. I'm not 100% too sure how familiar you are with the Pokemon games and their regions/generations. In generation 1 the storyline sent you all over the region, and you had to explore everywhere in order to finish the game. In generation 5 you literally walked half a circle around the region and the game was done removing pretty much the exploring aspect from the game and basically  dumbing it down   Improving the quality of life of the game would be a more constructive change like seeing the direction of where Janna's tornados would go. I remember awhile ago Orianna got a QoL with being able to see the range indicators on her ball when it was placed on the ground and/or allies (Can't remember exactly). It made it easier to play Orianna since you knew how far you could move from your allies, or how far away you could move from your ball being on the ground.
1	I'm not sure if I like the direction this is going in.  Here are some questions for Sion players:     What do Sion players currently like about playing Sion?   What spells of his are you satisfied with?   Which ones are you not satisfied with?   If you could change anything about Sion what would you keep and what would you get rid of?
1	It's down to how people play her imo, because she has some of the best disengage skills in the game. If you think you're going to get ganked pre-2, then you just don't skill up an ability until you hit 2.   If you don't, you missed out on some harrass with an arguably OP level 1 dmg from your Q powered up passive, if you do, you can ctrl+e and have the advantage in any case.   I honestly think that squishier supports should start boots 1 ward 1 pot anyway. Honestly, I tend to take boots 1 1 on supports like Leona too, anything without a speed boost or anything I want to turn into an aggressive lane, because most other supports don't take boots, and I want to close the gap asap. People just need to 'think.'   Lately, Sona is being counterpicked hard as well, and it's about time. Any time I see a Sona pick as first or second, I punish it hard with Leona, or Blitz., the champion is a joke anyway- spamming qwe randomly is what 95% of the players do, so it's really easy to punish them.   As for those that know how to play her, you negate a lot of her poke with a champ like Blitz/Leona because of the fear factor.
0	14? I'm 15 and the most action I have gotten is a peck on the cheek. I was 7 and at Disneyworld an got a peck on the cheek from Sleeping Beauty.
1	oh you know, some stuff are different . Might as well wait for s5 so you are aware of the changes.If you don't want to you can watch "
1	Major Changes"?   They added a bunch of new champions and a bot mode.
0	Edit: Wow thanks for the gold! First time getting that.   Man have you ever considered the other side of that coin? I am mexican American. I did mediocre in high school and my parents didn't put me in boy scouts, didn't pay for me to have tutors, i've never played an instrument, I had no choice but to go to a shitty high school, and i had no guidance academically. I went to community college and did well enough to go transfer to UC Berkeley  (btw It is illegal for public schools to select based on race. UCB is 45% asian) and I earned a science degree. I was also involved in research internships while in CC and UC. I have gone to Harvard Medical School and Princeton for research internships which no one told me to do. I just loved science and people said i wouldn't get in so i applied anyways because like you i am a fighter. I ended up being the only community college student in that princeton program and the only mexican american out of 50 students (half of which were Princeton students).   An asian girl in my lab at Princeton told me "It must be awesome being Mexican you probably get things so much easier". That is something that stuck with me and hurts me to this day. I hate when people discredit my work and think that because i am an educated minority that it was given to me. The adversity i and many other minorities have overcome is tough and I really hate when they brush it off like we were just picked out of a lottery. I know things don't change over night but by becoming a DDS/Ph.D. (currently applying) I will be a role model so others from my back ground can know that obtaining an education is possible.
0	I sometimes drive after a few beers. I obviously would not do it if I didn't know I  was in a condition to drive drive safely home.   I just think it is ridiculous to be grounded with no independent means of transportation after enjoying a few beers.  But ofc the world is full of idiots behaving irresponsibly.
1	Aram mode is just purely dependant on luck   F.e. u Can Show skill as a Support Main with a Support champ , your skill in 1v1 is declared whether you or the opponent, the Person who wins must be the more skilled one.   So 1v1 does Show skill but Not in the way everyone thinks.
0	As usual people uses downvotes and upvotes as they were "Ilikes" and "Idontlikes".   I'm sorry for your post, it could have started a good discussion and enlighten many who think like you.   I see your point of view. I don't share it but I can understand it.   I used to think like you do about a lot of "mental issues"..   i mean:  what the fuck is depression?? you're sad? you feel weak and unuseful?   Just stop being such a little pussy and wake the fuck up!!!   I used to..   then I faced a complex case of social anxiety whose main symptom was procrastination on work. (Don't ask, it's far more complex but let's stick to that for the moment)   You can't imagine your mind how powerful could be. You can't imagine how you feel as you watch your monitor and then the clock... back to the monitor and back to the clock... hours, days pass by and still you're unable to do anything.   I sat there.. unable to bring myself to do what I wanted to do, sometimes thinking exactly to this topic, how horribly ignorant I was when I thought at all those  pussies  (please note that.. yes I'm calling you too an ignorant but not as an insult, rather as an objective description of our condition: ignorance of the actual power these condition can have on you)   I felt powerless   I got over my condition or at least over some of the most compromising symptoms, but I learned a lesson:
1	If you don't want to be included in the Bronze player hate, there are two things you can do:   1) Get out of Bronze.  If you don't like being included in that tier, do something about it.  Improve your skills.  Climb out of Bronze.  Not for everyone else, but for yourself.  As a former Bronze player, I can tell you that it feels damn good to get out of that toxic dumping ground.   2) Get over it.  If you don't want to improve, you just don't care enough to do so, then stop worrying.  This is the internet, where you are always going to see someone making fun of SOMETHING just because they can.  My advice for this is to grow some thicker skin and just move on.  Crying about it doesn't help anything, and won't stop the trolls
1	Also a lot of fans in California are mad they moved it to Korea.   California is the home of LOL and it is tradition to have it here.   We (especially those of us who have attended all the championships) feel betrayed that our tradition is broken and that something created in our home is being taken away from us.
1	I recently picked up Support for when I hit 30 and start queuing in a team with 4 friends and they needed a support. Figured out I absolutely LOVE the role and have been playing tons of Leona because of that. i guess the aspects of it i enjoy most are the fact that i can help out teammates by peeling for them and such, initiate fights if i'm playing a tanky supp and the thrill of a lane with two players in them who need to synergize and communicate well as a mechanic apart from knowing your damage output , cds, having good mechs and all that.
1	When you start playing ranked, don't just hug the meta, play what you feel good with and what you enjoy, trying to play only some champs that are "op" is senseless in silver/gold and might lead to picking them without real knowledge why are they so good. Just find 2/3 champs for each role that don't have a 50% ban rate and play them to the max, do not care if they're meta or not.   Stomping with offpicks is really easy in silver (especially because some enemies don't know how certain offmeta champs like galio, quinn work), totally easier than jumping on the meta train, at least that's how it works for me.
0	Former satellite-service customer service (retention) agent here.   If the cable companies were anything like us (they probably were)...  We were  required  to say anything and everything we were capable of saying to keep the account.  If they were doing their job, they would've qualified the extra dollars with something that the other service didn't provide.  Better quality, connection, customer service, packages that you'd like better, etc.  They'd be hard-selling you until the last possible minute or until you ask for a supervisor.  I've even had old co-workers look at the setup of their account, and if they had bad credit during the account set-up, they'd use that.  "Why would you move to a different company when you'd just have to spend money on deposits all over again?"  Customer retention was key.
1	From my experience (I'm a 1600 elo player) When you reach a certain point on the elo ladder, you never ever have any problem getting one of the 2 bottom picks to play support...   Then, at lower elo where it is sometimes hard to get a player to play support, the comp doesn't even matter that much... it's really more about the way you play. I remember a game where 2 retards didn't follow the comp and went jungle twitch when we had a jungle and annie when I had Leblanc. I ended up as leblanc with our not-in-the-jungle-anymore-lee sin bot and we were top 2 picks of our. We got 6 kills to none at bot lane and won the game. That was 1300 elo I think.
0	Meal Planning does go a long way here.  Have a list of meals that you know the family enjoys and a list of what it takes to make them.  Pick enough of those meals to maintain variety and make a list of the ingredients for that.   You'll still need the time to cook it, of course, but one big restocking run to the grocery store can help a lot.  It still requires more time, but taking the time to plan it out can help minimize the time spent actually cooking, to the point where it's not only worth it to do the planning but if you look at time saved vs money spent on average restaurants versus on average at home you'll start to REALLY see it get better at home.
0	I disagree with this (hence the UPVOTE). If you don't reward effort (in certain subjects,) you will eventually eliminate certain students motivation, making it to where they won't even try anymore. I am an example of this. I hated when a subject was open to interpretation, yet only one answer is right. For example: you're asked on an assignment to examine something, and you examine it and put effort into it, yet if your opinion/assessment differs from the teachers it's considered incorrect. I always fell behind in english classes when it came to this, especially when it came to reading books and discussing/doing assignments on them. I put forth some effort at first, but after being told i was doing things wrong, i gave up out of frustration. I quit reading all together. To this day, i read one book in school/ever, i read it on my own, without anyone telling me how, or what i should think about this or that, i took it as i wanted to and i enjoyed it, yet i still just don't have the motivation to read books.
1	Also speaking as a jungler main, for those mid laners who dont buy a ward after your first back, you are basically screaming to get ganked.  Too many times I have seen mid laners after they back to spend all their gold on purely items when they should be (and they know they should be, but are consumed by greed) bypassing that item and getting at least 1 ward for one of the ramps.  And when I say ramps I mean the actual ramps themselves, not the mid side brushes.  Having either one of those ramps warded will help either side lanes in terms of vision control, and it annoys me to no great end that a mid laner complains about getting ganked so hard when its obvious that they haven't warded the ramps.  As a jungler, I do not mind buying ONE ward to cover the ramp that you did not ward, but to me, if you dont even bother, you are a selfish player and is undeserving of a blue buff.
0	Fuck that. I've arrived to class (only a 5 minute drive for me) to find notes on the door, and sent an email to that professor from my phone right then about it. I copied and pasted the instructions from our syllabus email that teaches us how to send an email question out to the entire class for help. I told her that this could also come in handy if the professor were to cancel class. I reminded her that some people drive from 40+ minutes out. She apologized at the next session. Then did it again a few weeks later but wrote, "sorry!" with a sad face on the note. Kicker?  She had jury duty . So she knew she wouldn't be there.
1	My name is Rufster, and I am the official shoutcaster for [CompeteLeague](   I was listening/watching Nightblue's stream too when he was talking about that. I wish I could reach out to Sky right away and tell him about our league and ideas.   It is literally the EXACT same idea that he has, and we've been doing it for months now. We actually just started our second season with a Gold Competitive League (GCL). Our first season we did a Silver Competitive League (SCL, LCS backwards, get it!?).   We have verified, registered, and set teams for our leagues. Anyone can join at the start of the season as long as your ELO falls into the respective ladder at the beginning of the season. We have about 4-6 passionate and experienced shoutcasters at our ready, including myself, a Diamond I Support Player.   Like I said, I really wish I could speak with Sky about this because we literally share the exact same dream. It would be SO amazing to collaborate somehow and really get these players that have been devoted to our league the spotlight they truly deserve.
0	It's a double edged sword, especially at the intro level courses.   1: Expect most of them to be dumber than rocks. It's not their fault, for the most part they have not been taught how to think critically in High School... so that will be a significant portion of the intro level classes. One example: Intro to chem, lab experiment to measure the density of an egg by measuring the density of the solution it "just floats" in, they hear the instructor talking about weighing measuring the different volumetric devices  to get the mass of the solution. First instruction in the manual " measure out 500mL water and add NaCl until the egg floats between the bottom of the beaker and the top of the solution".... what do they think to do? "Weigh the empty beaker right?" The good part of it is, in lab or group based classes, you have to teach them, and the best way to  really  learn something is to teach / tutor someone else.   2: It gets better once you start getting to 200 level classes.  By then the ones who can't / won't learn to think and the ones who don't even bother to show up to class are weeded out.  300 level classes generally are the dedicated ones who will graduate with you, you probably won't even notice the age gap anymore.
1	CURRENTLY HAVE A 1225 CHAT RESTRICTION GAMES OUT OF 1435 AS TOTAL PUNISHMENT.   As the the name says, I created this just to comment on your post. I usually just lurk and read stuff like this, so what I have to say about this topic really means something to me.   First of all, I want to say one thing to all those people crying about toxic League community all the time to shut up and get that stick out of their asses. It's a lame ass trend that kids are just farming around.   Sure, there are those people who find joy is bringing agony to others and deliberately being annoying, but that's not everyone. There is a reason why a person would flame or use hate speech. In my case, it's usually when I'm losing a game. Unfortunately, that's been happening a lot lately. I'm not claiming to be better than everyone around me, but when I'm constantly getting matched with a team and a score of 10-0 by the first 8 minutes, it starts to take its toll on you. Now one of those smartass readers will say something like "HURDUR U GET MATCHED WITH PEOPLE SAME SKILL AS U." To those, I say that you really have no clue what you're talking about.   Many times I'd get matched with people who are like 0/3, engage a fight against their opposite laner and end up putting something as silly as a 'XD' face in /all chat after dying for the fourth time. THAT sort of crap pisses me off to no end. THEY ARE MORE THAN HAPPY TO FEED, BUT GET PISSED AT YOU WHEN YOU ASK THEM NOT TO AND START THROWING WORDS AROUND LIKE "U SUK". Many people would say to just mute them when that happens. But does muting them stop their feeding? No, it doesn't. It reaches a point where you just don't give a crap anymore and you want payback because they have just cost you a game, so you start swearing at them. The worst part is that the rest of the team sides with them, and that's if they aren't already part of a premade (which is often the scenario in my case) and you'd get at least 2x reports.   This is the issue I want to bring light on here. The assholish behavior does not get punished, while people like me who only swear/get offensive out of frustration or being provoked do get punished.  I believe Riot needs to look at the source of the problem and see why people would behave like that other than just instantly punish someone whose logs show the words 'Fuck you.'   I play this game because I like it; I don't play it because I want to antagonize other players.  When you start reporting premades every other games, the system doesn't take your reports anymore, so when someone tells you to get 'cancer and die' for asking them to stop feeding, all you can do is just reply at them in the same manner even though you know you'll be punished for what you're saying and not them. I'd like to make it clear that I've never wished anyone death or any illness in game, though I do receive those sometimes.   I'd also like to mention that when I do get a good team who takes the game seriously and do put in effort and not just troll and ruin the game for me by feeding or so and using that lamest excuse of them all 'it's only ranked', I do actually honor them post match.   I'll also admit that when I see on /all chat the opposite team's jungler and support asking for their ADC to be reported for being offensive, I usually side with him when his support makes stupid plays and his jungler gives him no ganks when ours is constantly ganking him because I feel for them and know what they would be going through.
1	This is correct. You're only where your skills limit you.   If "ELO Hell" really existed, then why are pro players able to take a smurf from no matches played to Diamond repeatedly? Even without Pro Players, I have a friend who is Diamond 1/Challenger who has done the same and he's not a pro player.   If you're stuck, you're doing something wrong. Period. What that is is for you to figure out, but for most it is:     You don't prioritize objectives over kills.     Your decision making is poor (You try to all in/trade at the wrong times or are not counting summoner's/Cooldowns blown so you know when you are free to fight without fear).     Your mechanical skill is poor (You miss a lot of your abilities. I find this to rarely be the case)     You waste time doing nothing. If you're standing around on the map without a real purpose (team fighting, CSing, pushing, trying to take an objective) you're doing it wrong. I encourage you to go watch replays of your game and look at how much time you spend on average a game doing effectively nothing to increase your gold or your team's gold/advantage.     You don't realize that  EVERY  lane/role has the ability to win the game.       To elaborate on the last one, every lane has a straight path that leads to the nexus. With proper ward coverage, you can easily push your lane repeatedly which puts pressure on the map to stop you, which allows other lanes to perform better because more resources are freed up putting pressure on you.   On top of that, most people don't realize their influence on the map that you can exert to snowball the game.     Top: Don't just sit up top and CS. Push to the tower, walk down the river and gank Mid, take the enemies jungle and buffs, or take a B and walk through the lane bottom and try to pick up a double kill.     Mid: Push lane, gank side lanes or counter jungle. Opponent isn't in lane? Take tower, then gank side lanes.     Jungle: Counter jungle, put pressure on lanes. Focus on 1 or 2 people to snowball because that's all it takes to win. Don't be afraid to camp lanes and play lame. Just don't fall behind. Take dragon when you're on the bottom half of the map and the jungler is ganking top, every time. You should have the advantage if your team is paying attention and listening to you.     Support: Don't just sit there. Harass their ADC and make him choose between CS or not taking damage. Ward entrances. Control your lane bushes. People who complain that they can't support or that support can't carry don't know how to play support or this game in general. SUPPORT IS THE PERSON WHO CARRIES THE BOTTOM LANE.     AD Carry: This is the hardest role to carry the game with. Ward up (yes, you can buy wards), get farmed, push lanes, shoot the closest thing to you. If you have good positioning and good decision making and assuming the enemy team isn't fed to shit, you'll be fine. Oh and while you're at it, don't be afraid to tell supports who aren't harassing with autos/abilities to actually do something rather than sit around.       Basically what I'm trying to say is:
1	Also, I always insist that in addition to attitude, the player's intent trumps the situation.   By intent, I mean how hard the player is actually trying to win. By situation, I mean what champ they have, what the team comp is, and what build they are using (Yes, build is a choice, but the point remains. You could choose a completely shitty build, but if you are actually trying to win with that build, you will do better than someone who is intentionally losing).   Case in point. I recently had a Poppy who on the surface, had everything going for her. Our team comp was pretty good. She was building a pretty normal Poppy build. So what went wrong? The player was a troll. All he did all game was shout "YOLO" in all chat and consistently run into the enemy team 1v5, dying instantly. The guy ended with more than 20 deaths in a ~30 minute ARAM game. All he did was run in and die, then wait to respawn, then run in and die. Over and over.   Meanwhile, the enemy team had a Fiddlesticks who decided to build AD. Is that a build choice I would support? No. The difference? He was trying. He obviously wasn't using the best build option, but given his situation (Fiddlesticks with his team comp with AD items), he actually attempted to win, rather than running in and dying on purpose. The result? He did well. He might have done better if he had built AP, yes, but he did well, because he was actually trying to win. (On a side note, the extremely long fear he has is very noticeable when you are being auto attacked over and over by him during it!)   So of course, as this Poppy is blatantly trolling and making the game less fun for us, my team asks the enemy team to report Poppy. Their response? "lol its just aram chill, besides, we had an AD Fiddle anyway." And there are the problems.   1) People pretend like ARAM is not a real game, therefore anyone is allowed to intentionally feed if they want.   2) People assume that "trolling" or "intentionally feeding" are the SAME thing as "unconventional build." That is very wrong. Fiddlesticks had an unconventional build, yes, but he was trying to win, and he did pretty well. Poppy, on the other hand, built correctly, but intentionally fed. Which is the troll? In that team's eyes, they had no reason to report Poppy, because both teams had a troll, therefore it was even. Meanwhile, their troll was positive by a few kills, and our troll was 1/20.
0	Alright. So imagine this.   The accused is now sentenced to death, by way of the victims death. He had killed by flaying him alive. Now, you can't make a machine flay someone alive. You can't do it blind folded and the new victim cant be put under anesthesia either.   Congratulations, you need someone else to commit the same horrible act of mutilation on someone in order to kill them the same way. No, you cannot make anyone do that to another human being for a variety of reasons. The death penalty is setup so as to be both humane and impersonal so the executioners may feel distanced, and not totally mess them up in the head.
0	Story time.   About a year ago, my mom, grandma, and I went to my brother's house for a family dinner. My grandmother has bad gastrointestinal problems, and she vomited everything she ate that day, right before dinner. I'm sitting next to her on the couch, rubbing her back and holding a wash basin, as my brother asks me what I fed her. He says, "You've been with her the whole day, and she told me you guys ate something before you came here. What did you give her?" At this point, I'm getting really nervous because my brother is getting louder and coming closer. I respond, "We had a few cashews before we left, but that was a few hours ago now." To which he responds, "Are you trying to kill her? Are you stupid?" I tell my brother to stop being an asshole (because not only was he implying that I'm a careless granddaughter, but that I'm a total idiot), and everyone stood and watched as he threatened me to "say that to [his] face." I didn't. I shut up. And he says, "Oh, so now you don't want to say anything. You're so brave," he'd say. And I ignored him. And still, no one stood up for me. My mom told him to relax, and that was that.   I wonder what would have happened if I had said that to his face. So, dear OP, tell me about your fight with your sister.
1	I came here to say that iWDominate has changed a lot since his permaban/1 year LCSban. I never cared much about him as a player and didn't think of him too highly skillwise but since his ban I decided to start to watch his stream a bit and I was really surprised.   He is extremly skilled in his position and has a lot of knowledge, nor does he rage at his teammates anymore. Actually he is the kind of teammate i'd want to have in my team of all my soloq games. Trys hard, gives friendly advices and doesn't give up.   I remember this one match where a guy flamed him for a loss eventho he did well on nocturne where the guy said "No wonder Dignitas never won with trash like you". I could see how sad Dom was because he knew if he'd flame the entire community would again go like OH GOD DOM IS BAD GUY PLZ BANN AGAIN, however his and the enemy team stepped up for him and told him its BS what this Darius is talking and that they will report him
1	That is a bad general rule to follow. If you are the team's carry, there will probably be some time where you need to go pick someone off, usually resulting in a 1v1.
1	Thanks for the comment.   Firstly, the small dash "backwards" only occurs against melee attack so no need to worry about wonkiness of the mechanic.   For the (Edit: original ultimate, it still has very low counter play. Sure, I know you are targetable,hence I said ALMOST untargetable in the first content section but I did ask people to skip that if they can't be bothered so its my fault. Also the enemy deciding where she will end up after it is a counter play but not really the best as the damage still goes through and if she kill and shreds a people or two, during the ulti, its already successful ulti.   For the tenacity, you do have a good point point.   Try reading the ultimate content (3rd section) if you are not too sure from the
0	It's called blacking out, you wouldn't know if you passed out unless it was later explained it to you.
0	Remind him that he was in those shoes not that long ago. How shitty would he have felt being big and some jerk off would have looked down on him? Really, it's no concern of his. I would just shut him down and make him feel dumb. He's your friend, and when he gains some or all of his weight back, you won't throw it in his face. So simple remind him now to be humble and have class.
0	This hits to the core.  I am currently 18 and I have the option to move out in a broader sense.  I have a place I can stay and a semi sustainable income while going to college. I have, in the process of living with my mother,  developed incredibly severe ulcerative colitis. Not more than two hours ago she stole my keys when I told her that I was going to move out reasonably soon.  She then attacked me with a flurry of ad hominems  and other various ways of avoiding the real conflict.  I eventually started ripping into her while directly addressing the conflict as she poorly defended herself eventually becoming more and more silent as I called all of her bluffs.  I started to lose control of myself and my body started going numb.  (I realize I'm venting/going through the process mentally now) I was afraid of this feeling and tried to regain control and then all of a sudden I could only feel... I couldn't talk, I couldn't move, I couldn't hear, I just felt pain and hate and my thoughts were no longer cohesive.  Some time later I walked downstairs I noticed the area around me, my mother behind me sobbing.  I still couldn't hear but my thoughts were forming.  I don't really know what was happening at that time but I was/am scared of it.  I began calming myself down, taking notes on my breath.  And then... I tried to speak.  I can't form words, not vocally.  It just comes out as gibberish.  I'm sure everything will be fine in the morning, I've seen acquaintances have psychotic breaks and drugs and they're usually fine in the morning.  I'm sure that I will be as well.  Anyways, my stomach hurts like hell and I'm currently on the can, and all I can really say is that in your situation, don't feel trapped, don't have conflicting emotions, know what you want and follow the fuck through.  I know that I'm gonna move out soon, and I know that whatever the hell I'm dealing with isn't healthy.  So fuck your mom, and her controlling tendencies, and I'm glad you posted something fantastically relevant because I'm on my phone and I can't post something similar on reddit because alien blue is lame and my mother literally turned off the power in the house.   Edit:
1	Guis, you think Aatrox and Janna are trollpicks   TIL some people think those picks are trollpicks.   > Trollpicks is something like picking Teemo/Urgot/GP.   Yeah that's what non-meta picks are, although Teemo is quite popular compared to the others.   > Trollpicks are champions like AD Veigar.   Not even all of the times. That would be a non-meta pick which most likely wouldn't work, but still. I've played adc ori too, and kill lanes like Rango/Panth botlane are also sometimes seen in yoloq.
1	This "first armor is more effective" thing is a myth. Damage is worked out as this (100/100+armor)  AD Basically what this means is for every 1 point of armor you have effectively 1% more HP called effective health. So if you have 1000 hp and 150 armor your opponent will need to do 2500 worth of physical damage to you.  The reason why this misconception arises is that the more armor you buy the less % reduction it says you have 1% reduction at 1 armor but only 50% at 200. You can think of it like this; Lets consider you have 1000 hp and an enemy has 100 AD how many auto attacks will it take to kill you at different armor levels. At 0 armor - (100/100+0)   100. 100 Damage per hit (from the formula above)  It will take 10 shots to kill you. At 50 armor - (100/100+50)   100. 66.6 Damage per hit It will take 15 shots to kill you At 100 armor - (100/100+100)   100. 50 Damage per hit  It will take 20 shots to kill you. As you can see the difference between 100 and 66 LOOKS bigger than 66 and 50. But each 50 armor adds 5 shots of durability.
1	insert generic response to elo hell topic wardscarryselflearn1champetcetcetcetc
0	Because people don't appreciate a double standard (or even, from your perspective, a perceived one), means that they "hate women"? What a lazy ad hominem attack. Do you go to a website like Jezebel or DoubleX and ask them why they hate men so much?
1	I just hate when people call Vayne OP cause of her true damage, when in fact, it only does a fraction of her overall damage.   In fact, her true damage was NEVER nerfed, that's because it was NEVER overpowered, but kids who know nothing of that they talk about, called it OP blindly without having an understanding of game mechanics.   It's not broken due to the fact it requires 3 hits to get it to even work, and its something that is fairly hard to do especially in team fights, any decent player knows that most of Vayne's damage comes from AD, not true damage, and that's why it was never nerfed despite kids calling it OP.   Also, I don't mind anyone stating an opinion, but I do hate it when people talk out of their ass, he says so himself "At least it's not %hp true damage, the thing that made vayne broken.", he just there proved his lack of knowledge, and then continued his argument despite being flat out wrong (he then even said Vayne is now OK, despite her true damage never being nerfed).
0	These aren't specifics but Famous Black writers/poets, inventors, politicians, musical influences, the history of the Middle Passage, Jim Crow/segregation, Black migration to the north, etc.   Speaking from the perspective of a black/bi racial man, it is important to see people from your culture/ethnicity so you understand there's more than just the streets, and your mind can take you everywhere.  I was all about trying to act like a thug, not care about school, and was assigned Malcolm X's autobiography and his writing touched me because I understand where he was coming, and could follow his metamorphosis from the streets, to jail where he educated himself in the library, and after his release his fight against segregation and pushing for black pride.  After I finished the book, I said fuck the streets, finishing school, go to college, and onto med school, and that's what I'm doing.   It's important to see where you come from, to understand the struggle it took to get here, and so you don't squander the opportunities afforded to you.
1	It seem like you are jumping on the "gg duos always suck" train and the points you make don't really make sense to me. You said that duos tend to be difficult to bargain with, there are several things about this statement that i don't think are true. First of all I don't believe that "most" duos are difficult to deal with, It may seem like it to you because the duos who are cooperative don't announce themselves as duos and thus you go the whole game thinking they are just two normal non-toxic players. Secondly this "difficulty bargaining with duos" is usually because they tend to have first pick and last pick, so yeah they get first choice in which role they take just like any other player would if they so desire. Riot endorsed pick order and so there should be no problem with this. My third issue with your statement is the idea that people are playing roles they "aren't comfortable with". 'A' you shouldn't play ranked if expect to play 1 role every single game, there are always going to be players who have higher pick than you and decide that they want your role, but there is absolutely nothing you can do about that other than politely ask for the role you'd like. Adding to this point, although there is like a tiny bit higher chance that you wont get what you want with a duo, (because if they are uncooperative/want your role there is a 2/5 chance they are higher pick than you as opposed to 1/5) this is hardly a significant enough number to say that duos are a significant problem. Finally your issue with duos flaming seems rather inconsistent with my experiences, although i have definitely played with the type of duo you are describing here, i think that what i have experienced much more is the entire team flaming the duos from the min they make a single mistake making the claim "gg duos always suck" or something along those lines.       In saying all of this I also want to recognize that I have MANY times experienced the types of duos you are describing, my point is just that it's unfair to classify the majority of duos like this just because a small portion rage, flame, and make the game unbearable. If you disagree with any of the points PLEASE feel free to criticize. Hopefully this isn't overly harsh :)
0	I'll explain how buyback works a bit.   It does suck how low most of the buyback prices are. Believe me, I know. I hated telling customers that I could only give them $10 for their $100 book. But there are reasons for that. Basically, the bookstore will only buy back books that are being used in the following semester. The point of buyback is for the bookstore to get books that they can sell again, it's not out of the kindness of their hearts to give back money to students. So if you have a class like Intro to Calculus that runs every semester, we'll give you half of the new cost of the book (note: that's only the cost of the book. Many of these big classes also come with online codes that the professor requires, and they're one use, we don't buy them back. So our calculus bundle was $200 for a new book + online access, but the online access code by itself cost $80. So we'd give back $60 for the book, because the book itself is worth $120. That's why it doesn't always seem like half). If it's a class that only runs in the fall or in the spring, however, we likely won't buy it back because we can't sell it in the next semester. Sure, it's likely to be used again next spring, but 1) we don't have room to store those unused books for a year and 2) if it turns out that it isn't being used, we just wasted a whole lot of money buying back unusable books.   If the book isn't being used again next semester, it goes for the wholesale price, which is often 10% of the new price (though rarely it can get as high as 25%). These books are generally used by other bookstores in the country, so we ship them off to the wholesale publisher (usually MBS), where they get distributed to other stores. If the book isn't being used by any bookstore at all, it will probably not be worth any money at all. And if a new edition of the book came out, then your old edition will be worth nothing (this really sucks, considering how often publishers love to put out new editions for no reason).   One major problem is that some professors are terrible at getting their book orders in on time. So when buyback comes around, they haven't ordered their books for the next semester and we assume that certain books aren't being used again, so the buyback amount is very low. But then after buyback has died down, the professor tells us that he wants us to use it again, after we've already told dozens of customers that their books weren't worth much.   So I totally agree that it sucks that the prices can be so low, but there are reasons for that and the bookstore can't raise the price without massively losing money.   Also, while it's a good idea to only buy the book when you're sure that you're going to need it, don't wait too long to buy it. We send back our unused books to the publishers about halfway through the semester so we can start making room and setting up for the intersessions and the following semesters. But there are always students who come in during the last few weeks of the semester to buy a book that they suddenly need, only to find out that we had dozens of copies that we just sent back to the publisher. So then we have to reorder copies for each customer that wants them, but many customers get frustrated and go try to find the book elsewhere. It's a shitty situation for everyone. So I would recommend not waiting too long to buy books, even if they're not being used until the end of the semester (this is mostly the case for classes with multiple books, like Theater, English, or Philosophy). Chances are, there are several small, cheapish books for a class that revolves around literary analysis, you're probably going to need to buy every book.   Sorry, I didn't mean to make it that long, but I guess I kind of got into it, haha.
0	What? That's absurd. What kind of problems can be solved by talking? It's literally just pushing air past your windpipe. What they need is an ass-whooping, just like the kind they gave you when you misbehaved.
0	I wish I could take credit for it but it was really when we rounded a corner and felt like we'd gotten far away, panting, rolling on some stuff we bought from a Nigerian gentleman at a corner bar:   Me "Guess that's where we leave the pub crawl." Andy looks right at me "the Bloc is so hot tonight"
1	I understand what you mean, but as with any word the gradients of 'to exaggerate' need to comply with semantics and grammar alike. For example, you can say "greatly exaggerate" to emphasize that it was more of an exaggeration than one might be used to.   However, over-exaggerate is not repetitive - there are valid constructions of repetitive figures after all - it is just semantically redundant. The meaning of 'exaggerate' is 'over what is usual or expected', so over-exaggerate translates literally into 'over over'. It would be analogous to saying something along the lines of "I prefer this so much more", where prefer already means to like something more (than something else) literally translating into "I like this more so much more".   I'm certain that if you travel countryside there'll be quite a few words popping up that see common usage among certain demographics or generations, but each of them will still earn you red ink in any academic or professional environment.
1	This design is just wrong, down to the core:   There are too many possible effects and combinations from the abilities. Just list all the stuff Lee Za can do:     A conal attack that shreds both defenses, possibly reduces damage dealt by targets hit, and reduces cooldowns.   A leap attack that can slows, and possibly amplifies damage dealt, immobilizes targets hit.   A point blank AoE attack that applies a dot, possibly reduces healing and regeneration, and amplifies damage.   An AoE attacks that slows, and possibly knocks people into the air, then deals further AoE damage.     Also, not only are these base abilities overloaded, Lee Za also gains free stats, further increasing her scaling with levels:     Health regeneration.   Movement speed.   Damage amplification.   Energy restoration.   Cooldown reduction.   Attack Speed.   Attack damage.   Ability power.   On-hit true damage.   Armor.   Magic resistance.     Basically, Lee Za needs no items, only levels to function as an assassin-carry-initiator-caster-tank-disruptor. Heck, even if her abilities had no scaling at all they would be OP.
0	Are we suggesting that any time a journalist uses Reddit as a source, that's "lazy"? Or are we talking about specific examples of journalists who almost exclusively get content from Reddit?   If it's the former, I hope you're all aware of the irony of complaining about "stealing" from a site that is almost exclusively links to content on other sites itself. If it's the latter, then yes, relying primarily on one source is pretty lazy journalism, but I'd be curious to hear about where people have seen this happening, as it certainly doesn't seem like a widespread issue in my experience.
1	I'll start talking about abilities individually from innate -> ultimate, then talk about the way the kit as a whole plays.   The first thing I would like to mention, the passive, is really frustrating on two fronts: his mana costs were made worse to justify it, and it doesn't fit with the immersion of what Xerath plays as. It succeeds in incentivizing auto-attack harass of enemy champions, but fails to provide the same engagement as Ziggs passive, because mana regain is not "fun" it's a necessity of a champion with such hindering mana costs. Secondly, the passive has no flavor, because it does not interact with the rest of the champion at all. It has no interaction with casting spells, and is on a boring flat timer unlike almost all similar passives. ( notably Ziggs and Nocturne spring to mind as having similar, but better passives )   The Q ability has gotten two dramatic nerfs: The cast time is frustratingly increased, and the mana cost is dramatically increased. The new Q is incredibly clunky to play and no longer fits within his combo timing unless casting it at minimum distance. Additionally, Q is the only reasonable ability to max first given the cooldown (it's the only ability you can get two casts off at max rank in a mid game skirmish, and has most reliable chance of hitting), but when maxed first the mana cost becomes crippling very quickly.   The W ability is a dramatic step up in the fun of Xerath, and my favorite ability. The eye mechanic is fun and engaging, but I think the dropoff for the slow on the side portions is too steep, I would like if you could W-E or E-W, but as it stands the outside portion of the W is so weak as to feel irrelevant until 300+ AP, and the slow does not help at current values.   The E ability is simply a case of being boring. There is nothing about this ability which is particularly engaging or exciting, and does not feel rewarding. The range is low, the speed is low, and the stun is good at longer ranges, but useless at short range against targets with tenacity. I anticipated this ability feeling like Priestess of the Moon arrow (set up insane ganks / kills by using interesting positions to land stuns), but instead I got a nerfed version of sion/taric stun (same effective range but skillshot instead of targeted).   The ultimate ability is now incredibly clunky, and the range does not compensate effectively. The radius reduction also feels miserable, because given the missile delay it's incredibly difficult to hit targets. This ability feels dramatically inferior to Ziggs' ultimate for all of the above reasons.   Overall, he needs either a number buff which is likely to happen, or more tweaks, because I don't feel the rework hit correctly, but is salvageable. This is due to a very conservative release state, and lacking the feeling that there is something this champion does better than any other. Here are my suggestions:   Passive: Change it so that it interacts with spellcasts somehow. Perhaps it could steal mana from champions, or have no cooldown, but only restore mana when you hit enemies you previously hit with spells.   Q: Reduce the cast time clunkiness by either removing the delay on firing Q once it's charged to the acceptable point, dramatically increase the speed it charges, or make charging not slow movement speed.   W: Increase slow on outer radius to a relevant (perhaps scaling with rank) amount.   E: Give the ability something memorable, so that it has a niche. The ability could have pass through, long range, aoe detonation, basically anything that makes it exciting and unique from single target stuns that are currently just better.   R: Remove siege-up time, increase damage radius, and/or increase range at early ranks. Needs to feel like an ultimate thematically.   Thanks to anyone who has read this whole thing, I really appreciate it. You can send me a twitch message if you'd like to talk about this, but I will attempt to monitor some Xerath threads, if not all of them.
0	Currently -14 below without windchill here. Monday expects -40-60 below with windchill.
1	His splitpushing power got hit a few patches back with the E changes, and splitpushing in general is less effective at the moment.   If you're referring to his ult, you can CC and/or kite him during it (or poke him down, or bait it out, etc etc - loads of counterplay options).   If you mean his passive = random crit = win lane, they are slowly phasing out RNG stuff, so I wouldn't be surprised to see it change at some point.   As it stands though, he's far from the unhealthiest champion, is not a super safe pick or anything like that (actually loses most matchups, his laning phase is weak) and his win rate is average.
1	1)I both like and unlike the idea. I've seen such indicator in Allods and I like it a lot, but rather in MMORPS and it doesn't really matter- adc/mid should take most kills in teamfights, but it's fine if jungle/top take them or secure them.
1	Carrying our team, then thump thump in the entryway. My drunk neighbor was dropped off at my house by a cab driver who took her phone because she puked in his cab. She was 6ft from her house and she didn't know where she was. She didn't have her keys and I was debating about to letting her stay when she passed out and was not waking up. Had to call dispatch to help her to detox and maybe get her phone back. They could not wake her almost had to call an ambulance for a stomach pump. Eventually their sternum rub woke her up and she left with them. Long night Haha.
1	I sincerely hate posts like this.   If you're getting genuinly upset from playing this game, stop. fucking. playing. The only thing keeping you here is you making excuses to not stop. You're making yourself feel bad by playing League, stop.   I've been playing League from late S2 and I have had moments where I wanted to make a reddit post like yours. Unlike you, however, whenever I got this urge, I quit playing League. I played some Skyrim or some CS:GO or some WoW but I stopped playing League for the whole day.   A lot of people will tell you to take breaks often when you're ranking up.  I do it differently, when I'm enjoying myself and I'm doing well, I play non-stop untill I get angry. Even if I won the game that made me angry. If you're enjoying yourself, keep playing. If you're getting agitated because of  A VIDEO GAME  then fucking stop. Turn off the League client, go play something else, watch a stream, go make dinner, take a shower, do anything that takes your mind off League.   Then the day after, come back and play League untill you get angry again. Rinse and repeat.
1	The best way to play against trynd is to know when to go passive and when to go agro, watch his fury bar, when he has just used his heal (q) you can go agro because it's empty and will allow you to trade better as he wont get as many crits, when his fury bar is full he will go agro because he will likely get 1 or 2 crits off in a trade.
0	Cart pusher on a throwaway here: upvote this guy!   I work at a Walmart where customers are notorious for not returning their carts. I don't mind at all, half of us would be laid off if the majority of people returned their carts. You can even put your cart on its side so it doesn't roll away if you want to. I do have workmates who complain about this but IMO they're just too stupid to see how our store employs more cart-pushers than most other Walmarts in the country.   Tossing your wrappers and other junk on the floor, yeah that's disrespectful. It makes a public place dirty, that's not cool. And even if someone's paid to pick up the mess on the floor, it's hard and debilitating to pick up every single piece of candy wrapper on the sidewalk. Gathering carts and pushing them? It's easy to make sure I get them all. It requires physical effort but it's not exactly mind-numbing. If it saves you time or effort to leave your cart beside your car then please do it! I'm happy to be paid to take care of it! As far as I'm concerned getting your cart for you is on par to a waiter bringing your food to the table. Absolutely not rude to let me do it.   The things you should not do with carts however: don't go out of your way to make my job harder (like pushing your cart to the far corner of the parking lot just so I'll have to walk there) cause that is a dick thing to do; and if the parking is nearly full, it's nice if you take care of your cart - I don't care personally but it's nice to other customers looking for a parking spot.
1	While I love wards so much(I was one of the support mains before s4 where I would get my gp items and then basically only cdr, ward stacks, and oracles), sightstone isn't 100% necessary as a rush some of the time(although 100% necessary as a core, no exception).   While I will always pick up wards along with it, and won't pick them up if I don't have money for wards, I often opt into damage items if we(either my team or my lane) are about to hit a powerspike.   Ex: I run my Morg support with normal 0 9 21, but with a 14 magic pen armor, health, and mr rune page. If I have the money for items such as doran's rings, amp tomes, sorc shoes(huge early power spike, 29 magic pen hurts), or even need rod(bit of a stretch) along with potions and wards, i'll opt for this over a sightstone. I do this when we are about to hit a powerspike such as lvl 6, or if my team has early dragon fight champions.
1	Personally I don't think yours is the best piece, it's really solid but not the best.     Concept wise it's 6/10 (overdone to the extreme triangle not a really good hook; not bringing anything "new")     Technical skill 7/10 (really solid forms and such some mistakes which I'll expand upon)     Coloring/lighting 8/10 (really good but some errors in shading and refinement. Background is really sweet though)       Where it falls apart for me are the forms and the expressions; the expressions just kill.   None of it really fits in the scene. It's a chase and they are stalled/stopped/stunned by the flame chompers. their forms don't suggest it as well/much as they can/should have.   The forms are almost there but cait's body looks horribly out of proportion mainly because of how you made her tilt behind vi (not sure if that is the correct angle). Vi's right hand blocks most of her so you get the look of her top being pudgy and wrong and her legs/butt being massive. Better positioning/better edge-refining would have helped differentiate planes and distance.   It really boils down to you not spending enough time learning proper forms and expressions combined with spacial issues. It's really close but the errors that are there are just really bad :/
1	Nidalee is a good pick when the opposing team don't have hard engages like Vi or Leona. If you pick someone like Lee or Elise or Thresh which rely on skillshot, you might have some trouble dealing with Nidalee, it's hard to say though because it's really dependent on comps.
1	I think shes not  completely  broken, she has mobility and a lot of cc, so she's slippery; but, the range on her Q and W are fairly low so she can be harassed/counter-harassed. Her base mana is also small, so her early harass is limited to a few spells, if she waits for her passive then there will be gaps where you can full initiate to make her waste it. Her base damages are pretty good too, so she's encouraged to build pen/health.   Pros:     Mana costs are countered by passive.     Base damage + % are good.     Kit allows for kiting.       Cons:     High mana costs.     High cool-downs (Q is the only minuscule one)     Her Q will naturally shove a lane if she positions it so.       Counterplay tips:     Remember that if she uses her E to initiate she wont have an escape, if she saves it that means   her combo is only 3 spells (QWR).     Her Q can shatter past the first minion, so don't place yourself directly opposite her and your minions.     She shines mid/late-game, so try shutting her out early.     Her W is only a root, so continue casting, if you're melee save your gap-closer until after she uses her W, because she has to be near you for it to root you.     She cannot cast her E teleport if she is rooted/stunned/silenced, so a nice timed cc will block escape.     Her ult is a 1v1 changer, so try to have backup if you plan to aggress.
1	Meteos Breakfast menu before worlds:  2 carrots, 1 lettuce and a piece of apple.   Meteos breakfast menu after worlds: 3 steaks, raw duck and a piece of human toe.   that's the
1	Guys- Regarding video vs. text:   More than likely Travis provided George the questions ahead of time, and let him take his time coming up with detailed answers; a video interview would have been great, but the answers we got would not have been as fully-developed / honest / truthful, and probably based more in emotion than fact.   HotShot's desire with this interview was to explain the decision and clear out concerns/questions fans might have. With a video interview, the answers are off-the-cuff / not as well-thought-out, so that might not have been possible.   Being able to able to step back and write out his responses let HotShot say what needed to be said in-full / as much as he can on the roster changes.
0	I worked at an IKEA in the returns/customer service section and what I learned is: People have an unrealistic expectation of the quality of IKEA furniture. Yes, there may be imperfections in the pieces when they go together but what do you expect for mass-produced furniture which is designed to be shipped everywhere in the world at an entry-level price? A lot of people talk themselves out of even attempting to put their purchases together because it's easier to have a sad and get someone else to do it. Some people genuinely have no mechanical reasoning. The instructions are pictorial to take language out of the equation. Again, as a cost saving device. There should never be pieces left over at the end. If there are, you've done something wrong. Kids beds and cots are the MOST difficult pieces of furniture to put together. Possibly due to stringent safety regulations, the units are far more complicated.
1	you should not be having trouble against leona as vayne.  Twitch's absolutely god-awful laning phase is offset by having the highest multi-target dps of any champion in the game.  Draven could practically be considered hyper-carry with his snowballability and can directly counter leona engages with his E.  Those champions are also designed to win lanes against lategame scaling carries, but you should be able to keep up in cs under tower if you have experience.  Not to mention you also have a support that is trying to save you constantly.
1	Yeah it's an interesting idea, but I don't think it's really needed. Basically, to get someone to purchase wards, we shouldn't have to trick them into doing it. The benefit of a ward should be apparent to anyone that's level 30, which it is I think, but low level people tend expect certain team members to get all of them which is wrong. It's also part of learning the game. A person playing mid lane at bronze elo and not warding at least one side brush is the difference maybe between him staying there and getting into silver (a bit of an exaggeration here.)      Your idea of giving bonus stats for buying wards is interesting but lets think about the players this is targeting. If the stats are too low, people at low elo are gonna say it's worthless anyway, pretty much anything below 5 I would think. Too high, and suddenly you have something that increases lane snowballing. Say you FB someone, go back and buy two wards, each granting between +5 Ar/Mr. Your opponent is trying to scrape together a few items just to survive the next couple of minutes to get level or get a gank. You've purchased those same items, possibly more, plus the wards, thus making it harder to ever exchange positively with you.      I think in the end, Riot would be better off making more advance tutorials that explain gameplay mechanics at a higher level than just, kill these creeps, kill this champion. I think what exaggerates the non-ward buying at low elo, is that it is extremely hard to jungle unless you are on a smurf and know what you are doing. No one helps leash unless you know to ask for it, and then the leashes can be interesting to say the least. Also because no one has runes, and they don't adjust the jungle creeps for the summoner level, you can get pretty messed up, possibly not able to complete your first clear. This all leads to people pretty much staying in lanes and not worrying about ganks for a long time. I'd say pre level 7-10 people will routinely start off in a lane and go that lane over and over until the game ends. There is a certain charm to actually not knowing what is happening in the game.      I can kind of remember how I thought as a new player, and really wish I could watch myself first learning the game right now. I think Riot encourages this self learning process, but could really help out the low level community by imparting a lot of what has developed over the last couple years to newer players. I've recently been helping my friend try to learn the game and he's already better in specific roles than the majority of players at his level 24-25 range.
1	you can't sit there and say EU is better than NA based on old tournaments. Times change, teams change. Look at Fnatic, looked amazing for the first few weeks. They look like shit now."   You must have been asleep the last week, which is fine, but if you were, dont try to give any reasonable insight into the pro- scene.   Fantic just LAST WEEK got 2nd place at the IEM world championships and therefore finished as the best western team (once again). They did beat C9, the only north american team who even performed somewhat decent internationally in recent history.   Despite being somewhat big mouthed (dyrus at worlds for instance) TSM has been doing absolutely atrocious in international competitions. They were the Nr.2 team in one of the weakest regions so far. They look significantly stronger now than they did before, but why? Because this guy called bjergsen absolutely hard carries at least 80% of their games.   Now, while Bjergsen is without a doubt a fantastic player, he was by FAR not as dominant back when he was in the EU LCS. Sometimes he won his lane, sometimes he lost it, sometimes he went even. Basically, he was pretty much in the middle of the pack. Which is great, he is one of europes best midlaners, but you cant compare "being one the best of a role" to "absolutely stomping your opponent in 90% of the games and making them look like a gold ranked player at best".   "Europe is streaky as shit" same argument that people made last season because europe's LCS was so close, and people make the same mistake yet again. They assume that its because the top teams are so inconsistent, when its just the simple fact that the EU LCS is more competitive than NA's.   CLG? They havent proven anything but being a top 3 team in one of the weakest regions there is. Everyone is talking about them being a world class team with dexter on board, when they got shitstomped by EU's last place team with exactly the same lineup.
0	I had more of a Bad Luck Brian experience. In junior high a very nerdy girl was obsessed with me. Big glasses, braces, terrible acne, bone skinny, super smart. Being your typical junior high school douche I brushed her off and made fun of her. In high school she got contacts, lost her acne, became super fit (a state dancing champion), all while remaining the best performing student in the school. I started hanging with the drama club and band. She no longer gave me the time of day (rightfully).   Today she's a scientist with her doctorate and was a cheerleader for an NFL team. She also co-owns a professional dance company that my two year high school/college girlfriend dances for. I'm a forever alone college dropout who lives in his parent's basement.
0	Try doing any meaningful cancer research without using any primary tissue culture. I fucking dare you. HELA lines can only get you so far.   Edit: Animals are euthanized when harvesting primary tissue cell cultures (they would not survive it)
0	Stay home and make your own food you cheap fucking fuck. _signed- the entire service industry.
0	I've been known to criticizing that the norm is to keep your mouth shut when shit goes down in a bad neighborhood. Although I admit that I am somewhat sheltered compared to some claims in the comments, I have formed an opinion over several discussions with friends and family.   Not snitching has worse consequences in the long run for the entire community.  because that's when police stop taking the whole neighborhood seriously, therefore stamping the whole community sub-human/not worth the effort, and any criminal can get away with almost anything they want, and the hood-mentality spreads, the problems pile up, the next generation of young men learn to survive under this mentality and eventually become criminals themselves, and it creates a vicious cycle.   The root of the problem seems to be, that the collective frustration of the community, is molding the individuals to what most of us would deem negative behavior. And the financial situation pushes young men to doing illegal business that start out small and at some point they clash into other criminals and you have no other choice than to exert dominance. Resulting in a situation whereas an innocent bystander is subjected to a murder or gun-violence etc. in a neighborhood that has little chance of being taken seriously by the police.   This premise of "Da PoLiz AintZ gonG ProteKses mA ass ManG", and the premise of eye-witnesses not willing to talk, because they're scared for their own life, is way too embedded in the system to be stopped now.   So my conclusion is: If you want to be safe, don't snitch.
0	Ooh! A bike story! My turn!   Kid that lives across the road from me was fucking awful. Bullied me and my younger sister for most of our childhood years. When we moved away I finally managed to lose contact with him.   A few years go by, me and the kid are in high school together, though little to no interaction between us as we were in different classes and had different friends. Get to the second year of high school and after inorganic collection week (a week each year you pile all your crap from couches to boxes from the attic on your front lawn, people pick through what they want and at the end of however many days the government comes and takes it all away) I hear that something awful has happened. The kid who tormented me for years picked up a bike from one of the piles and began to ride it home. Going down the steepest hill in the area (that we lived halfway down) he realised that the brakes didn't function, and apparently went head on into a bus. In a coma for a few days, when he eventually came back to school months later we happen to be in food tech class together, and suddenly he's as nice as he can be to me. Perhaps it was cuz I was suddenly 6' while he was maybe 5'5", or maybe he knew karma is out to get him...
1	Power spikes in general are based off items and levels. It's really only a point of time in the game when your champion or champion reach a "spike" in terms of power.   For botlane specifically you have to calculate both the adc's spikes and the supports. Lvl 2 gives an additional spell, sometimes lvl 3 and always level 6 again. Some champions gain a bigger spike from levels than the others, like in my opinion Leona getting lvl 6 is stronger than Nami getting lvl 6 etc. But it also works on items like some have replied already. Compare a Trist vs Kog lane. Kog builds a trinity force while Trist rushed IE. 1550 gold gives the Kog a phage/sheen/zeal and leaves 100-200 gold to spare for pots etc. The same amount of gold however gives Trist a B.F. Sword that is one of the first AD spikes she has. They're both now up to their first item spike and depending how they play it can give you a lead, however I would give the advantage here to the better support spike. Further on in the match up, Kog gets Trinity and Tristana can have his IE ready at the same time. This is a power spike as well but in terms of relative power, Trinity force > IE because you need some as and crit chance to fully utilize IE. So all in all, Kog is now stronger through his power spike than Tristana and you should utilize that with your team.   As for supports, I find the ones with the most CC always being more reliable in carrying. Think it like this: you got dmg so you're able to kill someone. What if they escape? What if they turn the fight around? All is possible and the unless you can utilize your dmg to it'maximum potential, you have a risk of losing the fight. If you got CC, you can essentially nullify one person from the team, making it a 4/3/2v5 for the duration of it and through that, ease the carrying of your team.
0	At one point I was concerned that I was pregnant. I do not want children, and I use multiple forms of birth control, I'm just REALLY unlucky.   So, I did my research on abortions to see what I might be getting into. That was the most horrific thing I had ever read. The fact that people willingly go through something so violating is horrifying.   It doesn't help that, at one point, I was forced to have sex by my ex, so I can't be touched by most people anywhere below my waist. I can't imagine how someone gets raped then goes and chooses to be violated again to remove the baby from the rape. It's just so horrifying and terrible, my heart goes out to them.   Edit: Yes, yes, I forgot, how dare I feel violated by the idea of someone opening up my cervix and removing something from my body. I mean, my personal opinions are totally terrible and wrong, just like everyone else's in this thread.   No, it's not going to be violating for everyone, but for ME? It would have been. For me reading about it sent me into a panic attack. For me, getting my papsmear was one of the more painful experiences of my life, so I KNOW how much getting an abortion would hurt. .   Edit Part 2: Yes, yes, you all are all high and mighty for me having a personal issue with getting an abortion because I was raped. Thank you, you have made that VERY clear. I am pro-choice, have no issues with people getting abortions but again, I can't be touched below the waist because I have issues with that PERSONALLY.
1	W is amazing for harass and should be maxed first, an auto attack reset on an ad carry is a completely broken mechanic and should be abused whilst you still can. Currently 10 - 2 w/l in ranked since her buff. Couple of dorans, appropiate boots then rush a triforce. I start phage because if it procs its impossible to escape you thanks to the amazing new passive. Q is still a scary ability but i feel maxing W for the low cd helps your lane and gets me more kills and its pushing ability with a triforce knocks towers down in no time, sure you can't split push as well but you absolutely destroy towers better than she ever could thanks to triforce proc'd Ws. After triforce i pick up a BT then a last whisper if needed, but i have just been building tanky after getting those two, frozen heart and banshees for more mana and some cdr. Synergises so well with pirate and a shureliyas, ult and every moves at rocket speed and you initiate on your own terms. The games i lost in ranked i still have a positive k/d, been running her with sona and taric. Runes i use are flat ad reds and quints, mana regen per lvl blues and yellows. I start with cloth into wriggles if i am scared of my lane.
1	I've found that bruisers work pretty well, but if you really want dominance choose champions with hard CC. Lux's snare wins fights - if I play TT, I play Lux. And it works. Pantheon is bruiser-y enough and has a stun; he works really, really well. Anyone with damage and a hard CC can be very useful in TT.   And when hard CC isn't enough (i.e. Olaf, Singed, whatever) pack Exhaust/Ignite on every single one of your three players. That's stupid-strong. You don't need Flash as much when you can have all three enemy champions Exhausted, or choose the one who has damage and keep him Exhausted for like ten seconds.   Vision's obviously a problem. Someone already mentioned Teemo. Someone also mentioned Caitlyn. Both solid choices. They both have adequate-to-good CC, solid escapes, and a way to deal with bruisers or become one themselves, plus they provide vision that you lose to wards. So if you want an ADC, choose Cait. That works. It's hard, but it works. Teemo really works.   Lotsa folks are talking about how they did pretty well quite consistently with Darius or Jax. Well, yeah. It's Darius. He runs over people in any game mode. A Darius who can 1v4 and come out with 1-2 kills is not uncommon. So you put him in a map with only three champions, and... yeah. But there are ways to deal with it. Jax operates under the same basic principles. Ninja-edit: I mean Exhaust. Exhaust is really, really good on TT.
1	Rammus has always been a viable jungler. It's just that more up-front damage champs have been a favourable pick in his position. Usually the top laner (and nowadays the support) will build tanks which leaves you a nice little DPS/offtank role.
1	For fun, I went through the math on the gold from Targon's versus the gold from jungling:   2 stack every 30 seconds in a duo lane = 2x value of two minions per wave + 20g.   In a basic wave, you have 3 melee minions and 3 range minions, which total 3 20 + 3 15 = 105g. On a siege wave, you have those minions plus a 45g siege minion = 150g. Double Targon's increases the value of a regular wave by 55g, and a siege wave by 75g. That sounds pretty damn good, but remember that you're giving up your jungler. Say the jungler can be expected to clear one camp and attempt one gank a minute. One camp is worth 40g at a minimum (wraiths). In the time the Targon’s lanes got a bonus 55 + 55 = 110 if that minute had two normal waves or 55 + 75 = 130 gold on a minute with a siege wave, the jungler got 40 gold from farming and attempted one gank. His gank needs to swing the cs in a lane in his team’s favor by 4 on average (=(110/2) / (average minion value)) in order to keep up with Targon’s.  Doing any significant amount of damage, forcing a back, or even just showing up and blowing a summoner and making the enemy play a little more fearfully can get him that swing.   The above doesn't take into account experience, which even though it got nerfed, is still a pretty significant part of the equation.
1	I agree that IE is superior than BT now, but rushing it usually means either grabbing double dorans or a vamp scepter beforehand. It is completely possible that IE rush will be the norm now due to the increased AD on it. Unfortunately, you have to look at the survivability of ADCs in the current meta. I say double lifesteal will be popular over building IE because of the strength of bruisers. Plus people have already been using double lifesteal, so if IE does become common, it may take a bit longer for it to set in. I think the itemization choices of ADC depends on the enemy composition now, because if you don't need the survivability, you can forgo getting double lifesteal and get IE instead.
0	Check ELI5 for an answer. Basically, Obama lied about his goals of government transparency and freedom over security and doubled down on Bush's surveillance policies and a whistleblower, Eric Snowden, exposed it. The NSA collects basically all your data from companies like Google and Facebook without  real  warrants. People are mad. The US government and President Obama are embarrassed and want to lock this guy up and probably execute him for their embarrassment. People are not happy about this either.
1	Only people who jelly of you're 1500 don't understand how bad people are at 1500. That's the source of the downvotes. I made a comment a while ago about how decent players only start becoming the majority in the game in 1700+ brackets, and even then not by much.
1	So HotshotGG. I want to say, I am not a viewer of yours. Part of that is a perception of your attitude.   Your statements and the value you seem to put in your fans has me reconsidering things. I intend to give your stream another longer try.
1	I enjoy singed because singed.   No other hero can have so much FUN running in and causing havoc. You don't have to deal very much damage to create mass disorientation and zoning of the enemy's.
1	Type: Targetted spell   Range: 550   Cooldown: 8s   Damage: 300 (+ 90% AP)   CC: Stun (1.5s)   Cost: 100 mana     vs     Type: Skillshot   Range: 1500   Cooldown: 6s   Damage: 230 (+ 65% AP) - 575 (+ 162.5% AP)   CC: -   Cost: 90 mana       Why bother taking a champ you have to get up close and personal with to mid/high damage early/midgame when you can pick the easier choice of safely spamming spears and traps from up to 1500 range, dealing up to twice the damage?   /
1	Disclaimer : I am NOT a CLG fanboy.   Firstly I agree there is alot of decent discussion here, however when you read alot of the comments its still more circle jerking BS. Alot of you people need to wake up, properly analyse the games this week and realize its not the same.   vs Dig:  This game was over before 10minutes but to break down exactly what happened. Hotshot was outpicked. CLG relies on Hotshot being on an island with no jungle help so when he's outpicked he has less of an impact. Rumble just placed alot of pressure onto him between level 3 and 5.   The 3 v 4 down bot. This was felt like a huge over confidence, (its 3v4 theres no way we can lose - type thinking). This was actually an excellent call by CLG but executed so terribly it was disgusting. Link had just pushed scarra to the turret and was free to roam (scarra would never have caught up without losing a wave or 2).   Now as the fight began, Doublelift was very low and that in itself should have been the initiation using himself as a bait to draw them in. Instead Aphro exhausted PATOY which meant that doublelift was forced away without even anything as qtpie had full damage. The 2nd thing that exhaust did was that it telegraphed, gank gank gank (and scarra would have communicated that link was missing) so instead of going in, they retreated. The whole retreat you can see that qtpie and crumbz was not touched and was doing damage while kiting in a 3v3 simply because doublelift is not capable of going in.  Result? volibear+caitlyn does alot of damage and CLG didnt want to burn flash.   Meanwhile, it happened so early that hotshot did not have his ult yet hence teleporting wouldve been more or less a waste. Scarra picks up alot of farm mid. Snowball rolled up.   Now bot lane, Ez+ lulu is a relative soft counter to Elise + caitlyn. But its highly skill dependent. If Elise does not land her stun, they will be poked down (as you saw in the first 4 minutes). But Patoy lands that 1 stun after the whole debacle and the lane was 100% lost now. Down 2 turrets and a dragon, behind 6k gold at 9minutes the game is essentially over. No well practised team will let that kind of snowball go.   Issue: Just overzealousness, and 1 miss executed play   vs TSM:  When you look at this match, the first thing that stands out is... oh my god CLG are not playing CLG standard. they have 3 threats , an aggressive support and a big initiator in the jungle. On paper this is quite different and a huge lategame team.   But the first problem was, they outpicked themselves. Instead of going can we run our secret strategy, they went fk it baylife we're picking it even though we're shitting on our own lanes. locking in ori + karthus meant both ori and karthus would be heavily under pressure and when you pick a 3 threat team and only 1 person could potentially farm well, thats bad already.   First off bot lane: that was just sloppy and bad.  Aphromoo knows VERY well how ridiculous draven is at level 2. Sure Leona can lock you up but so can thresh. Draven vs Ez for damage at level 2? its not even a contest. That was a huge mistake on their part getting caught by the death sentance from thresh. Double kill, lane lost. (luckily with ganks from Chauster they did salvage the lane but only to equalize, not get ahead).   Top: First of all, I dont understand why Hotshot tried to take blue himself when they knew TSM warded it. That was totally nonsensical and screamed, we havent practised this alot and dont know how to deal with this situation. That meant his lane was going to be against him (and vs a rumble, once its pushed it'll be permanently pushed).   The 2nd thing is that for some reason he thought he could stay on the tower at level 1 and survive. They knew zed and xin were up there, so it felt like an error of judgement forgetting that just because its 1v1, does not mean you cant get 3 man turret dived. I am almost certain they practised this with a 1v2, 2v1 lane and HS would play it alot safer.   Rinse repeat top and bottom, Snowball rolls, nothing more to really say about this game.   Issue: Blindly picking what felt like their secret strategy and not practising it enough to make it work   vs Vulcan   Now this game is the real interesting one and the one that screamed, we have not practised this new strat enough. All credits to Vulcan for hanging on so long, but honestly CLG threw with terrible decisions and itemisation.   The comp worked as it was meant to, heavy agression, lots of coordinated ganks, and early-mid game we saw what the game wouldve looked like if TSM did not play that aggressively.   But here are the glaring issues: HSGG had TERRIBLE items for karthus. That alone probably cost them the game midgame when he did so little damage for being how fed he was. Rylais? RoA is better for health and ap. The slow? you dont need the slow when you have a wall, j4 , sona to initiate. Liandry? they had no HP. All magic resist and no giants belt until about 40minutes in. He also did not pick up a Void staff for a very long time. Get Dcap/void staff before liandry and zhonyas the game would have been over before 30minutes. In a sense, he was playing karthus like another semi tank/slow instead of doing what he shouldve given the game situation.   Doublelift also questionably went for QSS over banshee. The only real thing that he could QSS was death sentance, which banshee would block. Banshee would also mean he could fight mancloud 1v1 and EAT A SPEAR.   Link: Played decently given how the team played.  Aphro: some brilliant crescendos, ate a few too many spears at times but overall very good sona play.  Chauster: Here was the problem, He was a fed j4. Why was there no initiate. Even if they were chunked by a spear or 2, just the balls deep dive would have won them the game so many times. Instead of him jumping in at every chance, they only initiated when aphro landed some brilliant flash crescendo.  We saw how heavily link ripped vulcan apart when he can go in properly. yet CLG did not attempt this for a very long time. The only logical explanation is that they weren't confident about it. And that comes with an under prepared strategy. It was like they said before about the korean meta, "we can push down all 3 outer turrets, then what?" that was what the game felt like.   Of course they heavily messed up at the baron fight that turned the game. Instead of backing, buying an oracle and winning the fight  or baron properly, they tried to be cheeky when they knew it was littered with wards.   Issue: strat worked, severely under-prepared and felt lost
1	Best thing you can do is to bait out his speed boost.  There's a little squeal that he lets out when the speed boost is done.  That's when you hit him with your glue -- just a little past him so he has to run through it to get away from you.  Hit ult and rush him.  If you land a fling, at least one AA, and poison, you're almost certain to have won the trade.  If he sticks around at that point, it's bad times for Teemo.   Try to hit his shrooms while you're in your ult and nowhere near him.  You can clear paths for your jungle to gank this way.   Go back to base pretty often.  Stay on top of your items, and your health.  That q/auto combo he can do is disconcertingly painful.   Now, you'll know he's a good Teemo if he never lets you catch him close to you when his speed boost just went on cd.  Even more so, you'll know it when he takes every single opportunity to hit you with aa's or his q/aa combo.  He's got to do that or you can sustain well enough to farm.
1	I posted this before in an older Whose League post, but I think it got buried.   Travis, you should consider changing the SotL formula, since it's not going anywhere it seems. I think the biggest issue is the length of the show, 2 hours are great and I like it, but I have the luxery of watching the VODs when I have the time. But pro players have to be there on time to record it. 2 hours probably interferes with their scrimming/RL stuff too much. Perhaps a 1 hour show would be less impactful on their schedule. Or make short segments with different pros for each one, maybe it'll be easier grabbing a few pros for 30 mins at a time.   I don't know whether or not you will be able to assemble a crew for this week, but if not, it's another week in a long streak without SotL. Pros may not have the time, or just don't want to sit through a 2 hour session.
1	You make it sound like it's completely intuitive, but the truth is that the meta has changed over and over since launch, often because something new was discovered.   I remember a year to 1.5 years ago there was this big realization about how important jungling was.  Before you put Amumu or Udyr in the jungle because they supposedly sucked in lane but were useful later, and then people figured out that having two solo lanes was awesome if someone could solo well.  Then everyone realized this and solo top v solo top was born.   Feeding blue to mid was also probably within the past year.  I don't mean letting mid take your blue 15 minutes into the game, I'm talking about the moment your second blue spawns you've got mid going towards it and your jungler starting it.   0 cs support was not done at launch.  Hell the concept of cs wasn't even prevalent until streamers started tracking junglers with cs counts.  If you did 0 cs support probably until the last year you were ridiculed for not having items, instead of praised for feeding gold to your carry.   A lot of this stuff seems obvious now, but someone had to climb that ladder, and if the other monkeys didn't beat him up (or he was a famous streamer), maybe they found a way to get the damn bananas without getting sprayed with water.   Just think back to before Eve was nerfed.  Went from trash tier to permaban within a week because Soraka Bot on EU posted about his jungle path.  I had to tell people that no, I was not trolling with revive/smite, and yes, I am intentionally dying to lizard, game after game.
0	It is incredibly frustrating when I find out that a grad student, adjunct, or part-time professor is teaching a course. During my sophomore year the department head of my major, along with a few other professors, quit unexpectedly and on bad terms right before our Winter term started (I'm on 10 week trimesters). While they may have been angry at my college for whatever reason, their actions hurt the students more than anything. My college scrambled to find people to teach the now empty courses.   For the following year they had to modify nearly all of the courses in my major to be 1.5 credit classes instead of 3 credit classes (the workload is the almost the same as a 3 credit class though). Pretty much all of my classes from sophomore year to the present (senior year) were/are taught by grad students, adjuncts, or part-time professors.   My tuition is not locked and it goes up slightly every year (I go to a private liberal arts college...). I'm actually paying more in tuition for crappy professors, who have shit office hours if any at all, and a super condensed and poorly taught curriculum. I understand its not easy shoving 3 credits worth of material into 1.5 credits and the fact that most of them meet once a week for only 10 weeks doesn't help.   The grad students/adjuncts/part-timers are generally more likely to cancel class unexpectedly and at the same time are the most resistant to excusing student absences because we only meet 10 times. I know the situation isn't the fault of the part-time replacement professors, although, in my experience, they aren't making the situation any better. I'm more pissed off at my college because the whole situation is complete bullshit.
1	Not that it is the point of the post, but I'll bite (once). There are some important stats you will learn to look at that help analyze what happened that I think you might have missed. Maybe this is useful information for you in the future.   It's normals.   I had my name on 16/19 kills. I had a significantly positive ratio, but mid/late game we got rolled and I was primary target for their entire team to dive. The enemy team never pushed like you would expect them to and just killed me over and over. My randoms didn't want to surrender so we kept playing despite the enemies dragging it out.   My buddy used all 5 pots doing blue/wolves and had to back before he could do red. He did not leave our jungle for over 30 minutes. Notice his 4/19 kills. In other words, lack of masteries led us into a man-down game and it snowballed.   It's normals.
1	Sorry for the Wall of Text below.   Top:  Shyvana - Tanky, % Damage, Hybrid Damage, speed boost, basically has a rumble ulti when in dragon form, and gets a lot of free stats from passive.  Is also a very good laner, and can be first picked.   Mid:  Yasuo/Kha'Zix/Orianna - Yasuo has great potential with a few champions further down this list, including Shyvana (Her Ulti) and himself.  Kha'Zix, with the new W evolve, gives great laning and zoning potential for his team to help seige.  Orianna does the same thing.  All 3 Champions have amazing teamfight, early game, and late game.   Jungle:  Elise/Lee Sin - Both have an amazing early-game that can help snowball the team, or prevent the enemy from snowballing.  Both champions get tanky later on to help dive or protect with Shyvana.  Elise is picked when we need AP, Lee sin when we need AD.   AD:  Lucian - If you can pick him up, get it.  His ultimate/waveclear/burst/sustained damage/Etc. is amazing.  He is the perfect example of champion design.  He has everything.  When behind, his ultimate can be used together to clear a wave to allow teammates to come and protect a seige.   Support:  Leona/Braum/Thresh/Morg/Zyra - Try counter picking the enemy support.  If this is blind pick, I'd recommend Thresh since she can peel and dive squally as well and has the easiest time (Morgana is also good at this) catching somebody out.   If you're playing with 4 friends in a blind pick game... I'd recommend...   Top:  Shyvana Mid:  Yasuo Jungle:  Elise AD:  Lucian Support:  Thresh   Yasuo can wombo with shyvana and Thresh.  Thresh/Elise/Shyvana have enough peel for Lucian, and enough dive to kill an adc.  Thresh/Elise/Shyvana get tanky enough to teamfight, while having a mix of AD, AP, Hybrid, and Percent (%) Damage.  This is an all-around good team comp, that works well.  If you have any questions, feel free to comment :).
0	Well sex/relationship/romantic companionship. In truth, I'm of the opinion that women make decisions on who they find attractive more on whether they're relationship worthy.   I think the whole "Friendzone" thing is a bit more complicated than I've boiled it down to above, it's based on a whole bunch of other memes such as "I'm too nice" or "She only likes jerks" and many more   My understanding of "women always picking jerks" is that many "jerks" aren't actually jerks to said women.   A few people think I must be a terrible boyfriend because I am a downright asshole to them (I'm not going to say whether they deserve it or not, I can be a total asshole). People have said (in front of me) "I hope he treats you well!" to my boyfriend in that sarcastic sense of "But I bet he doesn't!".   My understanding of "I'm too nice" is that women - and men too - can't be won purely by ticking off  boxes of things they want, for example a girl likes receiving flowers and likes movies. But that doesn't mean the core of her liking someone is them giving her flowers and taking her to the movies.   Human attraction isn't just thinking "What does my beloved desire?" and having a bunch of check boxes. You can be as nice as you want and tick as many boxes as you want but that won't make up for basic attraction. Sometimes this attraction is to the alpha male, and sometimes alpha males are genuine assholes. Sometimes they're not and I've seen tonnes of nice guys who aren't alpha males get girlfriends, so it's obviously not an implicit rule that nice guys don't get the girl because they all love jerks.   I think that's the core of the "Friend Zone", a big portion of getting sex and getting love and getting whatever you want in life is being a particular person for a particular situation, all your efforts can sometimes be for naught in such matters, it's not really fair, but in matters of the heart, is it really fair to suggest that someone should love you, when they just don't feel that way?
0	I used to work for Blockbuster video in 2005 when hurricane Wilma was hitting Florida's west coast.  At the time, I was scheduled to close the store and the storm was set to begin effecting Palm Beach county, where I live, between 11 PM - 12 AM.  It took me threatening to walk out of the store and my manager threatening to fire me before she actually got it that I didn't care how many videos she thought we should check in before we left.  Funnily enough, once the storm had past, they called to tell me they wanted me to drive through downed power lines and whatever other storm damage was scattered about to work a five hour shift while the store was without power.
0	OK, I'll define 'Good' for you; Rescuing three fellow human beings and a child from a decade+ of captivity, rape and fear of death ..when others refused to get involved.   We cannot truly comprehend what he did for those women, out of an inherent instinct to HELP. When it kicked in, he reacted.   THAT alone makes him a good person.   Everyone deserves a chance at redemption; including this man.
0	Former waitress here.... we used to have people tell us about how much they loved the ranch, and what the recipe was.  We were told never to tell anyone and to "play it off as being home made".   One day I had gotten into it with my manager because I hadnt had a day off in about 3 weeks, she released next week's and again no day off. I was flustered and went back to my tables.  I had this woman who it never failed would ask for the precious ranch recipe, usually at least 3 times per meal.  This lady made mention of my grumpy demeanor, it rubbed me the wrong way.  I tried to just walk away but caught myself half way to the kitchen turned around and said "enjoy the hidden valley", my mgr heard this and she came running from the back.  I quit that night, but had to deal with the owner who said that a little lie never hurt anyone.
0	For the past 6 years I lived in the biggest city in my state, in the heart of the Bible belt. And it was incredibly hard to find a church. I kept going to ones that people would recommend, most of them large churches well known for great mission trips and community service. However, the larger and "better" the church was, regardless of denomination, the worse it was, it seemed. Those places had the most hypocritical Christians and I feel like people treated me like a lower class citizen because I didn't have money and couldn't wear nice clothes to church. Not to knock all large churches, but these in particular I just couldn't take.   So I kept visiting, and eventually by mistake found a church on the smaller side where people greeted me and were genuinely nice and remembered me the next week. I loved it, and was glad to go there until I moved. Everyone is saying to keep looking, which you should, but also don't feel bad if it takes you a really long time to find one. Because eventually you will, and while faith =/= church, it is nice to have a church to go to and find other believers to be around.
1	When you say right or wrong, what do you mean?  "Reddit knew that the jungle was shit all along!! " Take that rito!! or...  "The kassadin nerfs were too hard. " like you dont need to think much to conclude those things, just by playing and feeling the game you will notice that something is off, but the 'solutions' are dumb as fuck most of the time because of said riot pls posts. Also, assigning that the entire reddit community "was right" or "was wrong" is kinda pointless and doesnt make much sense, there's too many people here.   So, It's not about being right or wrong, it's about those stupid riot pls posts disguised in a 'le dank game designer' outfit, thinking just putting some fucking random damage will 'put x in a good spot!"   "Riot pls could u give zac %hp dmg"  or stupid comparisons to justify their riot plssness  "rito pls buff elise dmg on monsters why she does low dmg if fizz does high dmg? ap lee song is so strong why cant she be like him?"  ,   "rito pls put bonus atksped in nautilus when his pasive is donw!! nautilus so low atksped why cant he be liek olaf god clear speed so mybe he cn be god in the jungle . nautilus ned some love to!!"   Finalizing, there are rare, but good threads/comments bringing good POINTS (Examples from gilded tab : 1  , argumentating and providing a balance solution that sometimes isnt the best nor what riot is thinking that they will do in their game but at least the post is meant to discuss game balance with good ideas in mind and trying to identify x champion problems and solve them while making it healthy to the game, like what would riot do and if they did something bad, why it didnt work etc, instead of a riot pls thread of why every bottom 10 winrate% champion needs a spell that deals hp damage, heals in AOE and gives them bonus atkspeed when on cooldown, while dealing bonus damage monsters health uncapped.
1	dll's generally modify memory, which is against T.O.S.   Custom Skins modify existing files in your install folder, not the game itself.
1	A few tips:     Know that an ADC can get shut down at anytime (even if you are fed) if you do not have a team to back you up, unless you're a god Vayne or Draven or Tristana     If you want to solo carry, it's easiest to play a role outside of bot lane. Top, once fed, people can only stop you by 2v1ing. Mid, insane roam pressure, can snowball top or bot, siege top//bot, pressure objectives/buffs. Jungle, can snowball lanes or solo carry (ex. Trick2G's "Godyr").     Kills don't mean much unless you know what do with your time that your opponents are dead. If you just aced the enemy team and have 4 alive 20 minutes in, do you back and buy? Wrong, you take baron or dragon + buffs, while pushing out lanes and warding.     Spread your influence. Just because you are 15-3 does not mean you can push one lane to win (unless you top, maybe). Help your team mates with your lead/dmg/pressure.     Play to your team's comp. Thresh, Fizz, Shaco = catch comp. Ward, deny vision, get picks. Take objectives after 1 or 2 picks. Ori, Mundo, Lulu = hard engage team fight comp. So to increase chances of winning, DO NOT TEAM FIGHT that team. It is heavily reliant on the AoE of Ori, Lulu, and Mundo.     Know that as elo rises, it becomes harder to solo carry and becomes more of a team game, therefore, SHOTCALL. Help your team make decisions. If team ahead, force fights at dragon or at a buff. You guys should win if you don't mess up too much. If behind, get catches, capitalize on objectives while 4v5 or 3v5.         Know your role in the team. Are you an assassin? If you are, you shouldn't be going in first using your dmg on the tank. Are you an ADC, should you be on the front line? No. Are you a tank with TP that is up? Should you be with your team when you can abuse the split push TP? No. Are you a peel support or engage support, etc.     Hope that helps. Good luck   edit: If you're wondering what elo I am, I'm Platinum. Trying to get to Diamond. Just got to work on execution on these tips   edit:
0	This isn't necessarily the case. The online edition of the Mail is distinctly different to the print copy, and it's the website that's bringing in the rubes for the Mail.   This is manifest in the Mail's awful 'sidebar of shame' (the bit down the right hand side full of pictures of women who aren't fat, are fat, are no longer fat, might be fat soon; celebrities going down the shops without makeup on with derisive remarks about how they look haggard; creepy pictures of children of celebrities in swimwear; creepy pictures of former child stars 'all grown up' etc.).   The Mail also has distinct flavours for the UK and US facing website editions. Essentially the same themes, with slight differences. A big picture at the top of some celebrity doing something unremarkable, while the 'political' stories are buried a few scrolls down.
1	Unlike the MLB however, the big money to be made in esports is in winning major competitions like worlds. The cash award paid out to teams in pro sports is basically nothing compared to their salaries, whereas its the opposite in esports.   You even said yourself that only all "active players" get the same share, how in the name of god was a sub like colalin (a platinum quality girl gamer who is just on the team for publicity) an active player? She played in exactly one match the entire season and they got destroyed.
0	My brother lost his job and and couldn't find one for more than a year.  He turned to drugs to help with his depression (and one of the reasons he couldn't get a job).   My parents and I tried to help him over and over.  Bailed him out of jail a couple of times, and REALLY helped his fiance and daughter through the whole thing.   In February of last year my house was broken robbed, but there was no sign of break in.  Jewelry, money, and pills were taken.  I assumed my wife had left our backdoor unlocked (she has a habit of forgetting) and I assumed some scumbag kid stole from us.  I did find it odd the xbox, computer etc were still in the house.  A few weeks later my parents noticed a lot of jewelry and other valuables missing.  No sign of break in.  Apparently my brother had stolen a set of my parent's key and it had my key on it as well.   Of course at that point my parents cut off communication with him.  He went on a massive downward spiral, almost died once and came crawling back for help, but my parents weren't willing to do much more than moral support.   To the best of my knowledge he got off the drugs and started working day labor to pay bills.  He moved in with a friend, and started drinking pretty heavily.  He just traded one vice for another.   The night he died he had been told by a girl he was seeing that she was going to go back to her husband (sounds healthy), and it sent him into a drinking binge.  He went to a bar and got so drunk the bar had to call the paramedics to revive him.  The paramedics let my brother walk out of the bar when he refused treatment and my brother killed himself by laying on some railroad tracks.   There isn't a day that goes by that  I don't wish I could have done more for him.  Maybe let him sleep on my couch.  But I had a 5 year old autistic child  and a pregnant wife to look after and could not allow that behavior in my house.  I miss him everyday, and his death has done more harm to my family than his reckless life ever did.
0	I would say the wording in this isn't the best.   I don't think science is effective in disproving God, but being someone who wholly believes in God, I think God has used a lot of scientific means to do what he has done.   I think that science and God can completely go hand in hand. God had to use some means to create, and I think it's interesting to look at science, and the laws of science and realize that God still worked within those laws to do everything he has done.   Anyway, my 2 cents on the whole subject.
0	You can say what you like. People aren't obligated to like it. In fact they can shout and vote it down, but it's still there. This is as "open minded" as any large scale discussion can be.   It's very strange how many people think the world owes them approval of their opinions. I'm not saying it wouldn't be nicer if discussion here was more rational and polite, and I think it would be great if people didn't downvote unpopular but well presented opinions, but this is the way the world is, and likely will always be. Try not to take it personally. Keep politely speaking your best understanding of the truth, and  more importantly  listen to those who you think are being close minded. Consider their points. You may end up deciding they are wrong, and you can downvote them, and maybe you're right. Or maybe you're just being closed minded.
0	I used to feel that way too. I had problem seeing some steps because they were so intuitive to me that I did them without thought. Then I had a good teacher that showed me  how  that can screw you up. And yeah, it's legit to mark it wrong if you don't show all the steps. Because if your error is in one of those intuitive leaps, you have no way of checking it on paper, and because it was an intuitive leap,  you'll continue making the same error .   So yeah, getting the right answer is only part of the solution. If you don't understand  how  you got the right answer, and can't demonstrate it, then you didn't get it all.
0	Why not both! Lol in all seriousness though i have both worlds, i regret the gaming pc though cause i built it when i had zippo money, right now i have money, i should have built it now! Now im $800 in debt
1	Here are my two cents on how to fix most of the problems:   Today lots of news came out about how junglers/supports could get more gold income. I personally like this change, because there will no longer be this "last pick is support" in soloq especially in the lower elos. There were a lot of ideas floating around about how junglers/supports get more gold, but I havn't seen this one yet.   What if Summoner's Rift was bigger?   Specifically, what if the jungle had more camps, and more paths? This would allow fast clear junglers to gain a significant advantage  over their heavy-ganking counter parts. It would also let the jungler get more of then jungle even with a solo-laner taking wraiths/golems. It would push the laning phase even later into the game, because or the lack of jungle pressure (if heavy farming junglers come into the meta) as well as limit the amount a mid-laner can roam to the other lanes without missing CS or EXP. Riot has stated that they want the laning phase to play a big part of the game, and this would further this idea. Also, it would push more players to ward, and take some of the weight of the supports shoulders. Supports wouldn't be able to run around and ward everywhere (even with mob boots), thus forcing the other roles to ward there lanes to stay safe. With a larger map, you could make oracles less effective because the support would have to roam everywhere to find wards. It would also allow for a more strategic vision-battle between teams, as well as more places to position for fighting.   Also, Riot is looking to remove all global passives, and with a larger map this would synergize really well. A larger SR would also balance out champions (TF), and allow for more counter-play overall in the game. Also, it would change the way the game flows, from the usual split pushing meta. A split pusher would have to go a lot further in order to take towers.
0	This is an unlikely place for a story but here goes anyway.   My wife and I had to travel through the night to go to a funeral in Minnesota. We were to stay with a relative she wasn't close with but insisted that we stay there. Persistent in saying that we had to stay there in fact. So we drive thirteen hours through the night and arrive at 11 am in the morning exhausted. We  knock on the door of this super nice house and I'm feeling relieved (I have a phobia of sleeping in unclean places) she comes down to retrieve us. The first thing I notice is that the yorki dog that follows her down the stairs is completely dreadlocked and had huge clumps of matted hair.  We walk up these stairs littered with newspapers and dead plants and I'm practically holding my breath from pet smell and dander. When we get inside the place is stacked to the fucking brim with unpacked boxes empty plates and dog food tin cans and shit with just a very tiny path carved out so you can get to each room. We are shown to a pull out couch bed. She pulls out the couch bed and a fucking mummified dog turd is just chilling on the fold out that she brushes away onto the floor like its nothing. I synch my hoodie up lay down exhausted onto this horror bed and give my wife the look of "why" and fall asleep to the smell of decay. We were only able to sleep a couple of hours because we had to book it to the funeral so when I awoke I hit the shower immediately which wasn't any better and I will never forget the smell of dove soap combined with the smell of this house horrible. Through all of this I still wanted to be polite because she offered her house and she was my wife's family. The aunts boyfriend cooked us breakfast which I couldn't eat as well. I felt rude but couldn't force myself. After the awkward conversation of explaining why I wasn't hungry I was called back to their bedroom. Which was literally a room big enough for just a king size bed. Which was literally the only thing on the floor. But there were shelves that lined the room. As I stood just inside the door way and my wife's aunt lay there talking to me I tried to ignore the 100 plus dildos that lined the walls of that room. Glass dildos. Huge dildos. Butt bead swerved between dildos like Shitty decorations. Double headers. Dolphin shaped ones. Husker dos. Husker donts. With or without the scooter stick. Vibrators. Tiny vibrators. Nipple clamps. A lava lamp looking HuGE butt plug. It was almost nightmarish. The terrible and mind staining thing was. All of them never cleaned. All of them flakey with ungodly vaginal secretions. All of them enough to kill your boners for a week.   I'm still almost upset with my wife when I think about the awkwardness of that day.
0	I was just stating that the evidence you used to prove the statement "Americans are farther ahead than Europeans in science and technology" was completely inadequate.   Except it wasn't. You're only convincing yourself that it was inadequate because you're trying to avoid acknowledging reality. YOUR evidence to claim that the two sources I used are inadquare was, in fact, inadequate and quite frankly, moronic.   The prowess of universities in science and the rank in the technology index are both legitimate ways of comparing the scientific and technological advancement between countries. The US is demonstrably the most scientifically and technologically advanced nation. Again, deal with it.   > I am very much in agony thinking that you spent a good hour typing that whole paragraph which not only argues against something that was never in question, but does so in a very personal, defensive, and unprofessional style manner.   Meanwhile, in your first post you said:   >
1	I had a Sivir in a ranked game yesterday (I was jungle, my duo buddy was supporting him) that had 23 cs at 11 min. My buddy started taking farm from him on alistar in the hope that he could build some damage and maybe salvage the game. Ended up not happening because out Teemo fed the Lee sin, and even though my mid and I were fed, we couldnt carry those two.   Anyway, moral of the story is that he had more damage by the end than Sivir did. So in that case, yes. He should touch farm when the carry is in lane.
1	I miss the days when Dunked Yi's well... actually dunked. I feel like people jumped on that bandwagon because caps and typing silly phrases is fun, without fully understanding what it was they were supposed to be doing in the first place.   Had one of those guys in a game last night. He was obnoxious in chat all game, terrible score (mostly died a lot then spent the time talking about his dunks). Finally 40 minutes rolled around, we had this huge 4v5 at Baron. We were losing the fight badly but managed to kill one or two and then limp our way up to our top inhib turret.   After close to a solid 2 minutes of skirmishing and running around we get cleaned up and our Yi was... doing dragon. All the while screaming in /all chat about his "dunks". Getting enemy inhibs down, coming from behind and cleaning up the enemy team, either was an easy opportunity to win the game and be useful. But nope not our Dunk Yi.
0	Last night I fell asleep installing Cyanogen10 Mod ROM on my S3. Well, i was so tired I forgot to wipe the cache, so the boot loading screen just cycled all night. The back was off my phone to do a battery pull 5 minutes earlier. I fell asleep. Long story short, I woke up at 6:30 this morning to a battery frying my arm. No OS installed on my phone, still wakes me up at the right time.
0	I was listening to some tapes on child development recently, and they said that the age of throwing tantrums is the age when a child's emotional capacity exceeds their ability to regulate their own actions.  So they might still have some tantrums.  Just fewer, hopefully.  I also feel bad for parents whose kids have a lot of tantrums, because we tend to blame parents for every mistake kids make, yet some of them are genetic or a natural part of development.  Some parents might never reward tantrums, and still have to deal with them, just because their child's emotions are in total flux.  Meanwhile I rarely had tantrums, yet when I did I wasn't really punished- more sequestered off to calm down.  I have a nephew now who is completely spoiled, but I have never seen him have a tantrum.  He's a brat in other ways, but it just doesn't seem to be a stage he will pass through, being about 4 now.
0	I wish my Mom had the luxury of doing that. Our finances were set so far behind thanks to lawyer costs, that any child support would barely pay for daily items, and most of the time it went towards the mortgage.
1	This. Twisted Fate is probably my favorite champion if i had to pick one, as well as being the first champion I ever played and bought. One thing that really separates good TF players from amazing TF players is reaction time while pulling cards. being able to always pull the exact card you need the first time it shows up in the rotation is extremely beneficial in tight situations. if you miss your yellow card the first time around you have to wait nearly 2 seconds to pull it again and 2 seconds while getting ganked on a champion with no real escapes other than flash could easily mean the difference between life and death. Worse still is simply pulling the wrong card, so knowing the order and adapting to any sort of delay that your internet might cause while picking the card is also important.
1	Just wanted to say i enjoy your work, and was surprised by how fast you get these
0	Dude as a musician I would never rip on the hard work physics is, don't rip on how tough music classes are. Perhaps the reason they have straight A's is their passion for music and how willing they are to work in their field. You often find musicians spending hours doing their craft if not the entire day but few call it "work" because it looks fun. It isn't always fun and being a student of both music and psychology I have to say a lot of times the intense psychology classes are actually a lot easier.
1	I recommend building WildTurtle as a standard AD Carry, opting for armor seals, armor penetration glyphs, and flat attack damage marks and quintessences.   Start out with a Doran's blade or a long sword and two health potions, depending on how ballsy Xspecial is feeling. Pick up a pair of berserker's greaves and aim for a bloodthirsty or infinity edge by mid game, eventually building a phantom dancer and last whisper for  tons of damage.
0	You know, I never understood the "Reddit thinks X and Y so that makes Reddit a hypocrite." Contrary to /r/circlejerk Reddit is not one singular hive mind.   Yes, we have majority demographics. Yes, we lean left on average. What I don't understand is when people can't grasp how a warmongering thread gets voted to the front page. You only need a few thousand upvotes to get there. Even if we say 75% of Reddit are war hating liberal commie atheists, how does that mean that the other 25% doesn't have the power to upvote? Especially when it is against Rediquette to downvote based on opinion alone.
1	You do have some good arguments there. But about Lux, I would consider her passive to be quite counterproductive, if you will. She is arguably a long range mage, so therefore why would her passive be proc'd through AAs? This seems to be very ironic because getting that close to an enemy champion to get that little bit of extra damage would just not be possible. Don't get me wrong though, her passive will help you establish lane dominance early game if used correctly.
1	having a fresh level 30 with scaling mana seals because they were tired of running out of mana on ezreal and were told that manamune was shit is unfun for everybody. Crit damage  maybe  benefits 2 champions more than ad runes. I understand that the game needs an IP  sink , but putting nigh troll runes in the game for the sake of "customization" when that customization is suboptimal is an unecessary trap. The whole rune system needs to be run through with a fine tooth comb. They need to round the numbers to make them cleaner and better to understand. They should add a new mark, seal, and glyph slot and make them available at level 1 along with your first quintessence slot and  give  champions a T1 rune for each type to introduce the rune system to new players.   With 10 of each type they could give us runes that aren't 1.67 but 1.5 and round everything to make runes easier to understand and lessen the burden of math on new players. Round cdr runes to .5% per for glyphs and allow us to rune 5% cdr without having ridiculous rune setups. Set AD mark at 1.5 so champions can see rune pages with a clean 15 that isn't rounded. Remove "secondary" runes or modify them so that they aren't complete shit 99% of the time and necessary for 2 champions 1% of the time. If they're going to radically change items for s3 and the cost value of stats they should change the rune system to be more friendly to new players too.   I don't mind that runes are an IP sink. I understand that their main purpose is to increase Riot's income with a secondary purpose of giving players some interesting customization at the beginning of the match (along with masteries). The only thing I  don't  understand is why they decided to put strange rounded values as a standard.
1	Well, in every elo u have to learn some things to rise ur elo up, try to learn counters, to improve ur last hit, read guides, try to understand the meta game, EVERY time, no matter i u r support,adc,jungler,top,mid, EVERY time u back, buy a ward, wards save lifes, wards prevent u and ur team for ganking, make u improve ur map awareness, watch streams, they help a lot.
0	Come now, stop being unreasonable. At least admit that patting someone down for some BS security job isn't on the same moral level of decision as some sergeant telling his men to slaughter civilians a la My Lai. "Pat down that guy" is NOT equal to "kill that 8 year old". The 'just following orders' thing doesn't even apply here, so get off your high horse. Also, where is it OK to hire someone to "racistly molest" someone? That's just a terribly infantile hypothetical that doesn't apply to anything or even prove your point. People need money to live, and if the TSA is the one around hiring, people are going to take the job. Food on table + shelter will ALWAY trump taking some vaguely moral position because it's either that or become homeless/starve.
0	What i don't get about feminism is that everything a feminist claim they want equality for woman in the workplace, fair treatment ect is being mixed up with things that have nothing to do with being a girl and everything to do with being a human.   For example girls complaining about the media pressuring them to look pretty blah blah blah are forgetting that guys get pressured the same way, that's just corporate marketing there is no gender bais lol. If a girl goes to a job interview and is a feminist, let's say the interviewer was an old man and the interview was super awkward the interview didn't seem to be postive ect, she is more then likely to say that situation happened because she's a girl and she's not being treated fairly when that shit happened because she's a human being and maybe inadequate for the job. It's because of people like this that the image of feminism is pretty much ruined, they take normal everyday problems and victimize themselves. It's a shame too because there are some real problems for woman. but that's mostly in 3rd world countries i.e something the majority of american feminist who just victimize themselves don't seem to give a shit about. Feminism seems to be more of an exuse then anything, the CEO of yahoo is a girl worth about 300million+ dollars the "glass ceiling," might exist, but it's more of a problem in certain industries or corporations with management ladders made of mostly men, and lets face it in companies were management is composed of mostly women men face the exact same problem.
0	Here's what OP is saying from the point of view of the guy:   You start hooking up with some chick, and then one night you end up having sex.  As a guy you're like 'Nice!', but then you realize that you want to go again.  So you call her and boom shes staying over again.  Now you go out with her to a bar once or twice because its a fun thing to do before a night of fornication.  She happens to meet a friend and/or co-worker once in a while just in passing or on accident, but who cares? No big deal. This goes one for at least a month, maybe two or six. Then one day it happens; someones girlfriend, or some coworker is like "hey you should bring your girlfriend to our barbecue, she can be your beer pong partner".  That's where things start to go south.  You start to tell him/her that your just fuck buddies but then realize what your saying and manage an "Ok sounds great, I love beer pong." All the sudden your starring at a text that you're about to send the girl literally in your phone as 'F-Buddy' that's inviting her to a barbecue.  You hit send and theres no reply.  Days, weeks pass nothing.  That is the life cycle of the fuck buddy.
0	Actually, if they are a tax exempt NPO, it absolutely makes them not a business. Unless they file an article of incorporation. Which then makes them a business that's pulling shady shit, like Susan G. Komen. If there is no article of incorporation filed, then they can meet certain guidelines and file for a Charity/NPO tax exempt status. Which can be lost for acting like a business.   ["A nonprofit organization, or NPO, is an organization that uses surplus revenues to achieve its goals rather than distributing them as profit or dividends."](
0	I'll bite, you mentioned "Yes we do," speaking on behalf of the female population, but to be honest if a guy has you back to his apartment the likelihood of an  intoxicated  woman stopping in her tracks due to a messy/sub par apartment is <5%? On the other hand women (generalization) who care about shaving their legs, matching panties, etc don't realize that if a guy is at a point to notice that certain things don't match or a little winter fur he (especially an intoxicated man) gives zero fucks about it at that point, or even 2 bases before that point.
1	You're an idiot who needs to learn math. If you play a bare minimum of one or two champs in every role do you know how unlikely it is that you'll ever not be able to play any of those champs? It happens so rarely that it makes little to no difference, but it DOES happen. Simply the odds of being put on your worst role alone are less than 20% because not only do you have to be last pick, your entire team also has to not want to play that role either, AND THEN there also has to be NO ONE on your team willing to swap roles for you to help keep you off your weakest role (most of the time if you tell the group it's your weakest role they'll try to help you out as it's also in their best interest) AND THEN when that's all said and done and all of those unlikely scenarios coincide  the 14-15 of 124 champs that are unavailable has too include BOTH of the champs you play in that role.
0	in the movie, the dark knight rises, john blake (jgl) real name is Robin, and it is mentioned in the movie.
1	Shes not as bad as u describe and its definitely possible to carry games with her since she became way more snowbally in the rework. The thing with ap Nidalee is just ,that she still has a weak laning phase, if u build ap on her and just doesnt scale that good anymore. Shes still kinda viable, but she just gets outclassed by other mids and its really hard to win Lane.   About Ad Nidalee shes still very strong right now cause, she's just a lane bully and does really well at roaming and splitpushing in the early / mid game, but falls off late. However if ad nidalee is loosing a lane early, she's just useless for the rest of the game.
0	I'm going to echo a lot of other comments here and recommend cutting out soda entirely, and upping you water intake a ton.   As someone who used to have a love affair with Dr. Pepper myself, I can at least say that it is certainly possible.  Personally, I cut out soda as a teenager due to dental issues, and yes at first it was very tough.  Especially because I soon learned that soda was ubiquitous, and oftentimes at events/meals/gatherings, there would be no other options!   However, in my experience after the first month of two of abstinence, that soda  craving  fades.  Eventually you simply stop even considering it as an option.  These days, I might drink a dozen or so sodas per year, typically just for special occasions like rootbeer floats or trying out foreign soft drinks.  However when I do, I actually don't enjoy it nearly as much as I used to.  When you abstain for a while and try it again, you can actually taste just how sickly sweet and irritatingly carbonated they are; it burns your mouth a bit and you swear that you can feel your teeth start to dissolve.   Another thing that probably would help is water.  A few years ago I made a choice to lean towards water a lot in order to avoid the SweetTea campaign that was ravaging my teeth again.  Again, if you keep at it, and force yourself to carry a water bottle/thermos, or keep a glass by your desk / computer and make sure to drink / refill it constantly, eventually your body adapts and now I actually get thirsty for water often.   Still not ideal, but generally nowadays I typically have 1 glass of juice (read: sugar) and 1 cup of tea per day, and then perhaps 6~8 glasses of water.
1	I Found out that there isnt alot of options for big plays, if feels like the map is alot smaller than old TT, less paths.   The ability to camp in a bush and wait for someone to facecheck is 3-10, because when the enemy team is all MIA, its a little obvious where they will be, there is only 3 bush's per side.   I dislike the huge snowballing advantage one can get top lane if they push the lane hard, so when the altar pop in the beginning its easier for them to take the altar, then even easier to take there own so they have both altars and all the buffs within the first 4 minutes. Now this doesnt happen alot, it happens more than enough.   I do 100% agree if you are behind and lost both towers, its extremely difficult to venture out of your base. and too get farm. To fight over the jungle creeps with your team mates
1	let me tell you a short story. I play this game since 3 years ("end of season one"-ish). I became a hard rager, didn't looked at my own mistakes, didn't improved that much, "stuck" in gold cuz of that attitude.   I didn't had fun, I just wanted to win and climb. In early season 3 I got banned for the 10th and last time (aka permaban).   I took a break for like 4 weeks and started playing again on my smurf that was already level 30. in the beginning i raged a bit (like "why you do this", "why you do that" etc. but not real rage) and at some point I just stopped. I nearly write nothing anymore and just have fun. Of course I play to win, but when I lose I learn from it and take it as it is - a loss. I am now platin 1 and still climbing.
1	I mained akali for quite awhile but stopped using her once I got close to plat. Why? Because the enemy would carry around pink wards during team fights. She is NOT broken. You know what she is though? An assassin. Every assassin should theoretically be able to 1v1 and burst down other champs. When it comes to her ult, do you realize that once she hits level 6 it takes her an entire minute to have her full ult? Already weak early it takes her 60 seconds to gain two more stacks and have full ult potential. Any other champ has full utility of their ult the second they hit 6.
1	I agree that a post like this shouldn't even need to be made, but I can't say that I'm surprised the LoL community is reacting the way it is.  IMO, the behavior of a large percentage of players detracts from a meaningful and enjoyable gaming experience.  I believe there are a handful of factors at work here.   First, it doesn't seem like Riot really cares about players being cruel to each other.  The keyword here is SEEM, because I can't fault them for not handling each and every case in a game that has a population in the 10s of millions.  I'm not sure what the answer to this is, but I can say that I don't feel like theres a point to reporting a player for being toxic.   Second, I feel like a core issue with people playing this game is a lack of empathy.  This lack of empathy is enforced by the anonymity the internet affords people.  We've all had bad games where we make a bunch of mistakes or get outplayed by our opponent etc.  If people would remember this instead of saying "YOU'RE BAD YOU FED GG!", maybe this wouldn't be such a rampant issue.
1	I have carried myself from depths of ~900 elo during season 2 all the way to 1318 right before the end of the season. When season 3 started i got placed Silver V. This season i have moved up to Silver II with the occasional troll in every ~20 games and have had a fair amount of people who just non-stop flame other teammates during games.   During the rise through Silver II to my promo to Silver I i won 6/7 games to get to 100 points. Two of those games were come from behind wins with the worst being behind by 12 kills(5-17) but ended up winning because my team didnt give up and the other team's fed Malph and Riven kept trying to fight our entire team and ended up throwing the game.   Those 7 games i had some semi toxic teammates but nothing terrible. My first game for Silver I promo i was matched with 2 Gold V's, 2 Silver I's and me. I have never played a more toxic game in my entire life. Worse than any game in the 900 elo range and whenever i play on a smurf with my friends who are still learning the game. Within 5 minutes of the game starting i had three of my teammates(both Golds and one of the Silver I's) bitching at each other calling them noobs and saying they suck, constantly talking in all chat to the other team about each other, stealing buffs, refusing to team fight, and just anything to be a cunt.   The very next game was the exact same thing. I didn't even get a fucking chance to win my promo even though in the second game i was winning my lane. My teammates had already "thrown" the game by berating one another incessantly since champ select.   Both games were surrendered at around 25 minutes 4-1, me being the no vote both times.   Fuck all this high school drama bullshit. I didn't deal with it 8 years ago and i certainly am not going to start caring about how much you think our jungle sucks or how much you get camped mid without wards while constantly pushing your lane so your jungler doesn't even have a chance.   /rant
1	No it isn't dude. Play more games and it'll move to 50%. Also are you climbing consistently? Or are you playing people at your skill level? Last season, i had 666 AP nidalee games, 51.8% winrate. 95 games on OLD yasuo 51.6% winrate. YOU WILL get about 50% winnrate always, when playing at your skill level (And more than 10 goddamn games).   At the time I had a 47% winrate, I was not climbing the ladder. When I get to around 30 games on a champion it's usually a 60% winrate. The point is, stronger champions tend to have higher winrate.   >No, they never do that.   Here is Phreak using winrate as an indicator of power level.  By saying "winrate doesn't mean everything," he's clearly indicating it means something. Otherwise he would've said "winrate means nothing."   Here is Meddler talking about differing champion power levels, clearly indicating that they exist and can affect regular players.
1	I think that this is the biggest reason some of my friends dont want to start playing lol. From a non-summoner perspective it seems like a boring game with only 5 small maps from which only 1-2 is worth playing and shitty cartoon graphics. However, for me and many millions of other players its more than that. Here are my reasons why I played the game for such a long time with a lot of passion:     The community. Yes, especially the reddit community in this game is awesome. Especially when you get better and climb the rankings, most people are really nice to talk to. This is the reason I like WoW too. This is what makes it a better game than any egoshooter for me.       I can play it with my friends. And I can compete with them through custom games. I can have good times and bad times with them, I can talk with them about the strategy, about fails and plays like I could with no other game. With other games, I feel like there is less to talk about.       E-sports. And here, I prefer it to any other game. Its a teamgame and here, it is amazing to watch the communication between team members and how perfectly new and interesting strategies work out. Its not only about individual skill like in cs. The strategy is the most interesting part. Its like football(soccer). The biggest reason people play football is because they love theor footballteam in competetive play. There they can try to copy what their favourite players do.       The game mechanics itself. Its a game that builds up from the beginning and everything you do will affect the game later on. Later then, there come new opportunites that open up to take your team to victory. This enables a whole new game every time you start one and also enables new tactics evolving in the player base.        and last. The player support, the people from riot and contact to them through reddit and forums. These guys are awesome! Their connection to their fans is amazing, they come up with funny and exciting things all the time!!
0	Yip.  The guy who is probably my best friend in the world was dating this truly awful girl almost the whole way through high school.  She and I would get into stupid fights all the time (started because she's an overreacting bitch, continued because I'm not all that great myself).  I'd always get pissed because my friend would never choose a side.  I made sure people knew how I felt about her, including him.  The whole time they were dating, and after they broke up for the first time, I persistent told him what a bitch she was, and he just shrugged it off.  It didn't ruin our friendship, but it was pretty frustrating for me personally.   Months after they broke up for real, my friend calls me and says, "You know, you were right about her.  The whole entire time.", and, as previously mentioned, our friendship is completely intact.   The moral of the story is to be honest with your friends.  If they're really your friend, they will forgive you and appreciate your honesty.
0	Excuse me sir, but you are wrong.* I googled RES, and all the results were: a Wikipedia article about Resistencia International Airport, then some latin dictionary entry, next I saw Renewable Energy Company followed by Royal Economic Society, et cetera.
1	le   [At least it isn't a rage comic.](   So, your best option for burst with Akali is to wait for her Q to come off cooldown before using her R. I understand how annoying it is to hit someone with Q and not proc it off of the next auto attack, but I feel like increasing the missile speed would only support poor play through Q/R spam.   While they fill similar roles, you're comparing a champion with infinite resources and passive spell vamp to a champion with extremely limited resources and poor synergy with spell vamp because of it. They have two very different play-styles which would be affected differently by increased missile speed.   I'd like to see it tested, if it hasn't been done already, but I don't expect it to go beyond the testing phase.
0	I worked in a library.  Had one lady whos husband died.  She used all of her leave, her fmla, and catastrophic leave.  When there was no leave left she started coming in drunk and yelling at staff.   She got early retirement at 45.  Was never fired.   I personally worked in IT. I had nothing to do.  I had organized the shit out of my office and workspaces and storage rooms.  I had taken to doing light maintenance but ran out of that. I browsed reddit 8 hours a day 4 days a week.    I told my boss this.   He said, "thats fine.  Just think of it as being paid to be on reserve for when you are needed."
1	Have an upvote to compliment my own extreme disagreement to your comment. Nasus is extremely strong, Nasus's weak earlygame means very little unless someone manages to pull a dive on you (read: Volibear and Xin Zhao).   I'll agree with you that Nasus is easy to kite, but..     If you dive into the enemy team going for the  Lucian , you're doing it wrong. It's much better to peel and put some damage down on the bruiser or anyone but the tank, really.     If you're good at him (read: build CDR, I always first buy spirit visage or frozen heart) you'll have 300+ Q stacks at 20 minutes, which is 500 damage per Q on a 3 second cooldown. If you're in range of somebody, you can deal insane damage while building literally none at all. On any other champion that would be ridiculous.     Mikael's got nerfed.       Coming back to his early game which can be exploited, even heavy zoning doesn't get in the way. Either you sit under tower until they roam, or you ping like mad when they do and stack Q with the CDR you built.   It's not possible to dive a Nasus early, unless he takes all the poke the enemy laner wants him to and becomes a sitting duck. His passive can help him shrug off too much damage for that, and withering anyone under tower pretty much kills their chances.   If you can not die (not hard to do) you outscale the enemy 90% of the time (Looking at Poppy, Jax, Elise or Trynd).  I can't count how many times  I've turned around on a Riven who blew her E going in, and her Q on damage and blew her up because she didn't know about the 70 stack power spike.   In my opinion, the only people who can straight up beat a Nasus top without having to snowball are Elise, Quinn, and Urgot, because of their health percentages, easy kiting, and poke/armor+damage shred respectively. I'm leaving out Jayce because he needs to snowball.
1	I baby say mid and top(bottom was wrecking shit so no need to go down bit), both lanes ended up losing. How? Because bot got a double we went to drag, next thing I know mid and top both dead..... We took drag and then bot and I pushed mid, backed off because we had wards and saw a 3v5 coming our way.  Top and mid just then got to mid lane and went in 2v5 under there tower, after we explicitly said "do not engage them" "double kill" for enemy ez.  At this point I had to B no health. and bot tried to hold turret 2v5, taric died(miscommunication, I pinged back off the tower missed and pinged there ez he went in draven ran) and draven got away, they took mid tower.  We were 4v5 under our mid inner tower, they engaged, we won team fight got ez and Ali. Rest had to run. We pushed mid out, Elise went back top, got caught out under there tower trying to "split push" they took too before we could get there(we had just taken mid) Ez was at that point I believe 6/4/3, and went from 30 cs behind to 10cs ahead. They refused to team fight kept getting caught out. I was mad.  Lost my promo.  I know I made mistakes that game and I know it's not completely my teammates loss, looking back the replay I found mistakes I could have avoided, 1 death I could have avoided, 2 missed kills, 1 dragon chance, and 2 chances to steal enemy buffs, and 1 chance to hank hot and help them steamroll farther.  Maybe if I had done those things we could have won. I'll never know, but I shouldn't have to play that flawless in order to win a team game. I feel my teammates should pick up my slack as I pick up there's.   Sometimes it's hard not to blame your teammates, as sometimes I believe it is there fault, there are plenty of game I lost for my team, plenty that I've been carries to a win, and plenty that I've carried. Sometimes it is your team and it always sucks knowing that you never had a chance that game. :(
1	Sit next to her and it'll be so easy to teach, i've taught/introduced plenty of my friends to League of legends (both guys and girls) what I've noticed is people really get into the game and learn how to play it if you sit next to them, or show them how to play, both guys and girls adapt and learn at the same rate, no black magic required.   I went over to a friends house who only played 4-ish games and is very new to Moba games, somethings some one has to see to know how to do, he'd click very slowly and click his spells, didn't know a few things (not that it's a bad thing, everyone starts some where, don't laugh at her) Once he saw how i held my hand over the keyboard, how many times i'd click to issue a move, how i'd use my spells, i'd tell him what i was thinking as i was playing from what i could see in my screen, it gets a lot easier, i tried to teach a few people over skype, it's pretty hard, telling them what moves and how to use it.
1	Wow. All of the crap I've seen about Nintendude and people showing proof of his "true colors" makes me sad. Shit, we've all done stupid stuff, made stupid responses in the heat of the moment and come to regret it. Fair enough, NDude has been an ass, but everyone can be, and just because he may be a hypocrite or ignorant of his mistakes doesn't mean everyone should take a shit on him. The only difference between him and other people is that his mistakes are saved forever on the internet. We ALL can be total asses whether we intend to or not, and seeing people (Especially randoms who have no relationship/history with him whatsoever) critique his past is just disheartening.
0	A brief overview of my life:   Born to alcoholic/drug addict parents. Had to raise my younger brother for the first 3 years by myself (I'm only 2 years older), wait on my mother, obey her drunken whims, and clean up after her, until I was five and she cleaned up then divorced my extremely abusive (towards us) pedophile father. She still took us to our grandfather's house (his dad), also a baby-raper, and left us there for days or weeks at a time - the entire family knew what he was and didn't care. Mother devoted herself to AA/NA and ignored her children completely, allowing numerous other unsavory people to do whatever they wanted in her absence. Mother remarried twice, and following the second marriage took off to another state with her new hubby and left me, 15 yrs old, behind with nothing. Within two years, I helped bring my younger brother back because of the suicidal desire the abuse he suffered at new hubby's hands had caused.   We were underfed, poorly clothed, and taught that all of this was completely normal. Once we realized that being covered in bruises and left bleeding or unconscious wasn't normal, we couldn't say anything out of fear - if we told other people, everyone would tell them we were lying, and since my grandparents etc were prominent and respected members of the church (a VERY small town!) everyone said he couldn't have done it because things 'like that' don't happen in good little towns like we grew up in. Even when police were notified, nothing happened, except severe punishment for us after the briefest of inquiries were done.   I have been on my own for over a decade now, and I still have severe problems with PTSD, scars, and other issues that this caused. I am reasonably successful as an adult though, because I worked hard to not let my past ruin my future and I refuse to become anything like my parents. My siblings are the same way. It has not been easy, but we were all fighters, and we don't quit.
1	Really?   On pros switching...   There is plenty subtle and not so subtle differences between these two mobas. No LOL pro has guaranteed success at the DOTA scene.   You are referring to it as a "small" scene. In reality this is a scene that has 9 years of history, no matter the percentages it is superbly competitive (I'd wager even more so then LoL).   Most of the revenue LoL pros earn are through streaming, sites and sponsorships (and maybe lessons, though one of them might want to confirm this :)). At this point LoL pros draw staggering numbers of viewers compared to most if not all competitive e-sports(good example is Guardsman Bob who basically is not even tournament player). All of the above are much more reliable sources of income then very spread out and extremely hard to win tournaments.   This big player base (and LoL is HUGE) brings its own economy for those savvy enough. TSM opened a store, they are selling printed shirts with clever designs such as "U MAD BRO" and making a really solid cash on it if info is remotely correct. Good luck with slinging +1k shirts in DOTA2 (pro team owned!) store in any near future. Possibilities are many for those who make their name on LoL scene.   And finally on tournament point... There is a sea of LoL tournaments and more cropping up every day, their pools might not be as big as DOTA International... but that is like coming up to professional tennis player and telling him he is dumb for playing small tournaments and that he should play only Grand Slams.   All in all I reckon those that can make comfortable living in LoL bar some extraordinary circumstances will happily stay in LoL community. Most of those that can't will strive to do so.   On future Riot moves...   So far they have proven to be very agile company. Their focus on grabbing the casual audience with "easier but fun mechanics" and still nurturing prosperous competitive scene seems to be the correct course. I don't doubt they will keep on par with rival MOBAs (and tbh I really see both MOBAs prosperous in future).
0	My second grade teacher wrote me up because I have a fear of spiders and the subject we were talking about was different types of insects. I was too scared to look at the pictures and I ended up getting suspended for refusing to cooperate. In my first year of highschool I got really sick from bad home made food and threw up in the bathroom. I was 10 minutes late to class and my teacher basically flipped his shit saying how hard it is to be a teacher when your students are liars. I was suspended for arguing with him.
0	I highly agree. The best point I can make is that, god forbid, they get taken as a POW. You can only imagine the primal, cruel, and disgusting acts captors can take on female victims.
0	Warning: This is a purely atheist rambling: If this post offends somebody by the rules of Reddit, please, Mods, delete it!<<   I always hated it that there are is no Islamic organisation speaking for the MAJORITY (by proving their membership figures) of all Muslims against so called "Muslim terrorist attacks"   BUT   I also always hated it that there are NO Christian organisations speaking for the MAJORITY of all Christians (by proving their membership figures) against child abuse.   How come? Because they do not follow a common god/cause? Because they denounce the god who somebody from across the ocean is believing in? I do not know! Everybody is expecting an excuse from somebody else…   Both such aforementioned extreme attacks are the worst that I could think of at the moment I am writing this: Violence against the helpless children and against the unaware public (including children).   How's that thing about the majorities? Because there is no GOD! Every person is doing those things because he (or rarely she) is either uneducated, sick, mentally handicapped, influenced by some asshole or mentally disadvantaged in some other way.   Believing in some "higher authority" which is ordering or allowing you to do (or do not) things is scientifically rubbish! You are on your own. AGAIN: THERE IS NO GOD (which one, by the way? Zeus, Aphrodite, Mars, Wicca??)   The most basic thing which is imprinted in our brain is: DO NO HARM!   Thankfully, the majority of any population works this way.   It is not a Christian or a Muslim thing, it is common sense or more basically conservation of the species!   And yes, if you are hating me for denouncing your belief system, you are right! Be it the belief in getting 99 virgins for bringing "Jihad" to the unbelievers or being it that god did not stop you from molesting childs or burning witches or whatever!
0	I started doing that same thing when I was about 16, because my mother would acuse me of sneaking out. After she accidentally found out about the pee cups she then assumes I did it because I brought someone (a random guy or someshit) into my room and didn't want him to wake her up.
1	I mainly play singed and he really isn't that good as a main tank. Yes, he is a tanky character but if he gets focused in a team fight her will die way too fast. His poison stops if he dies too. I find that he does best at the beginning and at the end of fights. In the beginning he can get a slow and/or fling off to isolate someone who can get raped. At the end of a fight he can slow runners and fling them back. Especially if you build him with speed in mind so that you are a bit faster than 4/5 people normally and can catch and fling them and can be faster than nearly everyone with his ult. If you lose the fight he can either slow them enough to save all the rest or if he really needs to he can sacrafice himself and hold them up even longer. I find nearly everyone stops to kill me as singed if I stay back which can save 2 or 3 low team mates instead of losing all of them while only I make it away.
0	He is not. Your grammar is horrific. Delete account now or I will hack your account, find our your address, come to your house, and delete it myself. And then take your computer and break it. Maybe even do worse things, I don't know yet.
1	Interesting.   It seems to me that it is actually normal that an adc that stands in range of cinderhulk is not capable of healing off all the damage he receives. If I recall correctly, being ADC is a role that requires a lot of careful positioning. It would be quite counter-intuitive if you could have terrible positioning and still ignore the damage dealt by items that certain champions specifically bought for this instance.   Also, there is a widely accepted fallacy that lifesteal counters thornmail. It does not. The best way to compensate thornmail's damage is through magic resist. Have you considered buying mercury's instead of berserker's greaves? It increases your tanking to magic damage, and makes you somewhat more immune to the tank's cc, and 20% AS is not so much in the lategame on the right adcs.   That's also another point. Not every adc is good against tanks. When the meta changes, so should you. A sivir can feel a little bit helpless vs tanks, but a kog'maw won't. The Tank build you presented is indeed very effective vs standard ad, but is extremely weak vs magic damage. It has a clear drawback, and some champions can exploit it.   Finally, yes, you won't heal all of the damage that you take from the super combo gromp+cinderhulk+thornmail. But what matters isn't that. It's about how that damage translate into your health, compared to how your damage translates into the tank's health. For that setup, I've chosen the infamous shyvana tp/smite that can reach that dreaded full tank build. And our hero adc will be kog'maw, with the botrk build you proposed + elixir. Kog'maw gets a ton of magic damage and shred from his QW, and that's what is critical, and we have a ton of mr to balance out the magic damage from the super item/buff trio. So how much damage do you take as kog and as shyvana? As kog during a fight, you would lose about 1% of your hp every second that you stand in range of cinderhulk (when you account for everything), or 0.1% if you are out of it. Meanwhile the shyvana would take ~20% of her HP per second. There's a clear winner in this fight.
1	The fact that abilities cost mana inherently gives you a cost/reward system. If you're sitting there spamming abilities, and the enemy dodges them, soon enough they will be rewarded for dodging your abilities when you no longer have mana for them. On the other side, if you land your abilities, it was a positive trade - you traded mana and they took damage (presumably you took less or even none, though this is only in the ideal case).
0	You're implying op has more than a snowballs's chance in hell of getting caught. Maybe his co-worker is hot but annoying.
0	I taught art-history classes at a University and explained this to the students.   If you want good grades for your presentations the power point should only  visually support  your story. Only use images if they reference the points you are trying to make. Otherwise it just makes things unclear. If you use an image tell something about it. What is it? Where does it come from? Why am I looking at it? How does it relate to what you are telling me? It keeps your audience engaged with what you are doing, and also helps you build the order of your presentation.   A recap every now and again is good, but keep it short. If you can in a word. Or three short sentences/points at most. Try thinking more in themes than actual sentences.   Example:The process of international integration arising from the interchange of world views, products, ideas, and other aspects of culture. Why not use: Globalisation.   The sentence should never be so long that it reaches the end of the page. It´s ugly, boring and just too long. Mind the spelling and grammar. It really doesn´t help if you are trying to make a point.   Make sure your pictures are of an excellent quality (in art-history class I considered this to be obvious: nope). The image should have a heading and the source should be mentioned.   If you have very long pieces of texts in your presentation you are likely to read them which makes you turn your back on your audience. Avoid that. I´m getting bored just thinking about it.   If you stumble or forget something, don´t panic. Just mention it casually. Like: I noticed I forgot to mention..., but it is actually very important/relevant. Teachers love this. It shows you actually do know what you are talking about, and you are composed enough to solve a problem like that on the spot.   Finally if you are really worried about your presentation ask one of the other students to ask you a question at the end that you have prepared. It might not be completely fair. But some people are much better at a discussion or answering complicated question than giving a presentation. This is an opportunity to show this skill. After explaining this a lot of my students said they didn´t know this. I´m not sure if this is true but at least in my class they really made an effort, and nobody failed. So this wall of text is for all those who are struggling with making a decent presentation.
1	I really think permaban is way too harsh. Ok, Someone is offensive and "can't" fight it or doesn't want to fight it. Don't block him from the game! Either permamute him,or,find a better way to punish him (like  "debt",in whenever game he gets reported and is report worthy (not reported for playing sion) then deduct a set amount of ip,more every time.)
0	Something like this happened to me once. There were these three girls right behind me talking about how sexy and awesome my boyfriend was. One of them ever started to talk about how she talked to him a lot and that she would soon have a boyfriend and that it was only a matter of time before he asked her out. The other ones were in awe of her. Literally saying stuff like "I'm so jealous of you. Of course you will get him." I was reading a book and trying not to pay attention to them when I heard them say "OH look! He is coming here!" I looked and there he was, all handsome with his guitar on shoulder. He stared right at me and smiled, I smiled back, of course. He got to where I was, pulled me to my feet, grabbed me by the waist, and gave me a huge kiss. Then he waved politely at the annoying girl, and sat next to me with his arm around me. Not a single word was heard from that girl in the next two hours. It was awesome.
0	The top post EVER has less than 22,000 points. You'd think that with millions of users we'd at least have seen a post or two that broke 100,000. I think the reddit software may have something to do with this   Reddit adds more and more downvotes the higher the numbers get. Top post on /r/video right now has a up/down ratio of 23565/18521, as seen with [RES]( The higher it gets, the more the numbers are "the same". The points are still growing in absolute numbers, but to offset the penalty, you need a thousand votes to get the same effect a dozend have early on. Otherwise, hugly popular threads would stay on top for days and weeks, and the effect is so extreme in the high numbers to garantee that it'll disappear in a day or so, no matter what. Several threads have cracked 100'000 upvotes, 30'000 and more is quite common on the big subs.
1	Actually I have a question is the person translating for Cool the OMG translator? Because based on my experience, usually some random guy that you guys/riot gets to help translate gives an average Chinese speaking person cancer. aka that translator at All-stars. What that guy said at All-stars and what PDD, Misaya/Wx/etc all said where usually miles away in terms of meaning.
1	I find drills to be unhelpful (except cs drills) because they are not in the context of actual battle.   I actually play dominion games to practice mechanics/warm up.   Before you downvote hear me out:   -Deaths are not punished with lvl/gold leads, cs doesn't matter because passive gold generation is so high   -Death respawn timer is short   -Constant 3v3,4v4,1v1 skirmishes that are critical to summoners rift but only comprise a small percent of actual gameplay.   -You pick your own champion unlike aram.   -Games take 10-15 min.   There are some downsides:   -If you care about winning, you have to capture towers.   -Game mode can be confusing at times   -Some champs are really strong on this map which can make it difficult to practice weaker champs.   -Doesn't help you learn to c,s but sivir and/or ashe bot on SR can help you learn to cs :D.
1	I think it's a good thing for the e-Sports scene in the long run, it is not stable enough to stand on its own right now. In other words: the companies supporting e-Sports right now are not making profit from it. Until LoL/other games reach a level where it will be profitable for the companies to have a pro-scene, we will need e-Sports-related companies/organizations to be as stable as possible, to be able to support the scene indirectly.
0	I agree, I don't think I'm overly attractive; but this one time I was getting onto a bus and I asked how much it was to get to where I wanted to go and the bus driver said "it's normally 2.80 but your a good looking chap so have it for 2.40 ... I'm not gay".
0	The station I listen to while at work used to be a Classic Rock station, until they got taken over by a large entity that specializes in pop music and current hits more than anything else. They dropped the Classic part from the Rock label and things went downhill from there. Nickelback, Mumford & Sons and the like started to get massive play, two DJs slammed the door over “disagreements with management” and the playlist became annoyingly repetitive. In July 2011, I started logging each song that they played during my work hours. The following link is a snapshot from May 2013 of the songs, sorted by average play frequency since their introduction into the log. Unforunately, I can't update it since pastebin has since been blocked by my employer.     The first three songs were new from that week and therefore got a ridiculous amount of play.   A whopping 50 songs are played at least every two days, and that's only during my work hours (the algorithm does extrapolate the 5-day week into 7 days for the frequency)   Only 1,779 songs have been played at least twice in two years. That's nearly 500 days of listening 9 to 5 and that includes shows that take requests (the only ones that are likely to have some variety)   Some songs that are ranked high in that list actually got almost no play at that exact moment, but received heavy play before being pulled from rotation and were in the process of sinking in the list.
0	When that amendment was written, the arms that they were talking about legitimately empowered citizens to stand up against governments.  Groups of armed citizens could pose a legitimate existential threat to a rouge government.   That simply isnt true now.  If [theoretical situation] the US government went rogue, started oppressing its people, you'd be hardly better off with the guns that we do allow than with a knife and some rocks to throw--the military's capabilities have simply outstretched where handheld firearms can really keep them in check.   And you dont infringe on my rights, but the government does all the time, in ways that I think are justified and good.  Look at free speech--yes I have the right to speak, unless the words that I say cause harm to other people in a concrete way.  I cannot incite specific violence, I cannot speek with the intention of causing panic, etc.  None of that is mentioned in the first amendment--it is the result of reasonable people applying a philosophical and abstract 'right' to a concrete and complicated world.  Rights are not absolute--in many cases we are balancing rights and interests, and based on the ramifications of different policies have to decide on the best way to do so.   My overarching point is that very few people believe that there should be no regulations on who can own what kind of gun--nobody thinks I should be able to keep a nuke and a tank in my back yard.  So we are already drawing somewhat arbitrary lines: this is OK, this isnt.  We have already admitted that the right is not absolute.  And I dont think that there is inherently anything magical about where the line is drawn right now--read up on the history of how it came to be, all the political infighting etc over many decades and I think you'll have to agree.  With that in mind, it seems entirely reasonable to ask the question of where that line would ideally be drawn.  And I think that given the violent proclivities of some of our citizens, making it harder to get at weapons can only be a good thing.   Something I should clarify too--a lot of people respond to the above by saying 'oh but they're nuts, they're still going to try to kill people.'  I agree with that--I dont think we'll actually be able to reduce the number of attacks.  But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc, it seems like these guys go on killing people at a certain rate until the cops show up and either plug them or force them to plug themselves.  I think the response rate is probably pretty constant.  So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we'll save lives.  The school stabbing in china is a great example of this--yes, the guy didnt have a gun and still attacked.  But nobody is dead.  Can you tell me that would be the case if he had had an AK instead of a Bowie?
0	Saw this woman running for a bus and there was no way she'd make it so I sped up and stopped my car boxing the bus in for like 20 seconds. The bus-driver honked and probably got pretty mad at me but he still picked her up. So I just honked back and drove off, was a nice good guy moment.
0	I actually had a problem for about two months of when security sensors were  going off every time I left any store that had them.  It turns out that a wallet I purchased at Target still had the RFID tag inside one of the card slots and I couldn't see it.  Two weeks in I just stopped giving a fuck and kept walking, never to be challenged.   I've since removed it and it is no longer a constant problem but I no longer stop when I do hear the alarm anymore because it will be a false positive and nobody challenges you anyway.
1	Roam, take towers after you've taken down the outer bot lane tower, Dragons, Barons, the like. Don't flame/rage, help them out and congratulate them when they get kills and make plays and whatnot. Don't make them feel bad, they probably already do feel bad and mocking and insulting them does nothing to improve the situation.
1	My worry with MVP-selection:   Players might get more into the mindset of "I CARRIED YOU BASTARD, THAT'S WHY I TOOK ALL YOUR FARM", instead of understanding that this is  a team game.   And I think it's because of this exact issue that the honor-system is underused. People look at their kill/death ratio and are content. They don't look at the nice team-outplays that the team has accomplished, and they don't understand that they can't "carry" if their team is not performing decent at least.
0	Yeah I know right? I used to be in a similar situation in IT (intern). If I got a call a minute before the end of my day, I was expected to pick it up and finish the call. If I was lucky it took 15 minutes. Sometimes that took a hour and a half. If I was really, really unlucky and it was big issue, it took HOURS! And I won't be happy about it. And this happened almost every day.   But you know what? I FUCKING DID MY JOB FOR MY TINY WAGE AND NO OVERTIME. I DID NOT BLAME THE POOR FUCK WHO JUST WANTED HIS SYSTEM WORKING AGAIN.   You want to fix this shit in your restaurant. Get a bunch of servers and cooks together (do not do this alone you stupid fuck), walk up management or write them a fucking letter saying they need to close the doors before they close the kitchen. Or overtime for staying later. And make sure that they never learn who's idea this shit was.   Wait a fucking minute: workforce banding together to overcome "bad" working conditions? Man that sounds like a great idea. Maybe I should come up with a name for this... this UNION of workers.
1	This is inaccurate in the sense that, in this case, the banana is a clear reward. It's a good banana, a delicious banana, nothing bad can happen if you have that banana.   Hence, it's stupid of the other monkeys  not  to try to get the banana.   BUT!  This cannot apply to LoL because there's no  guarantee  that the banana is good!   In LoL, the banana could be disgusting; the banana could be filled with arsenic; the banana could actually be the larva of a Cthulu-like otherworldly being in the shape of a banana hoping to lure an unsuspecting ape into eating it and then fester inside its guts using the ape biomatter to manifest into its horrible mature form and it will unleash a 1000 years of pain and suffering upon the world.   Is that what you want, Styval, a thousand years of pain and suffering because you went AP Teemo? Is it?  IS IT?
0	That is to much of a generalization. You make it sound like it is all about knowing your place. In reality it is all about networking. Are we nicer to people we think can help us? Sure, but that is just good business. I still have friends that are not "beneficial" to me from an economic standpoint. In the end regardless of anybody's opinion on fraternities and Greek life as a whole, it is hard to argue with results. Tons of upper level jobs are filled with Greeks. Mostly do to this networking that is preached to us. If a fraternity guy was mean chalk it up to either them personally being a jerk or not liking you. Also you might have said something anti-Greek. I would need more facts.
0	This may sound silly, but thank you. You give me hope for my future.   I'm 25, and surrounded by people who either are having kids or getting married. They keep telling me about all the horrible things that could happen to the child the older you get, and you're "statistically" likely to have a healthier child if you have one in your 20s or 30s.   While I don't want to be a dad now, I would like to be a dad someday, but realistically, I don't think I would be able to handle it until I'm 40.
1	Well please don't write about the bot lane if you don't play it often... Almost every ADC does quite well with leona. In fact leona is probbably the strongest support to duel cause of her passive that is almost unable to trade with. And caitlyn is not even close to being passive... Caitlyn is an amaizing early and late game ADC cause of her range and the e that can reposition her a lot. But her mid game is probbably the worst of all ADC-s cause she is quite unable to escape any lock downs. Usually the problem, specially in low ELOs are leonas because they are a way too greddy and are just waiting to e all the time.
0	I was homeless for 9 months but I was still well groomed and with clean clothes. I washed my clothes in a river with soap that I bought with money that people had given me. I used that same river to wash myself. Alright, I may not have had nice shoes... but you try being out in all weathers in the UK. I tried to keep my self presentable in the vain hope that I would eventually get out of that situation. I am not saying all homeless do what I did but you might want to reconsider your statement. I asked for money, it was hard at first but you do things to help you survive. Luckily, an old friend from school found out id been living homeless and helped me. He found me and took me in for a few months. Yes, Panhandlers go about it the wrong way and some of them are using it as a job. Next time you pass a homeless person or a panhandler ask them if they would like something to eat. The kindness of strangers have honestly helped me a few times.
0	Not that I don't empathize with people who think they've been screwed over by the court system, but without the other person's side of the story it's difficult to take those stories at face value. I'm sure that there are some judges that are more apt to side with mothers (just as there are probably some that are more apt to side with fathers). But that's an issue of personal bias on the judge's part - not of the court system itself. Many courts have determined that gendered presumptions violate the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment (and all states have gender neutral child custody laws). Most jurisdictions use the best interest test for making child custody determinations. One of those factors is "the child's primary caretaker." Often the primary caretaker is the mother, so that may sometimes result in an award of primary custody to the mother. The factor illustrates the importance placed on providing stability and continuity for children while also taking into account the relative commitment of each parent to the performance of daily child-rearing tasks. However, in some states the factor cannot be used as a presumption and it is by no means the only factor used.   Here is a short run down on custody law in Minnesota, as an example. When a child is born to unmarried parents the mother is given sole legal and physical custody by operation of law until a custody order is issued. The reason for this is fairly straightforward; it's the mother who must take care of the child within the early days of his or her life. Additionally, paternity might be in question. An adjudicated father can then petition the court for custody and parenting time, which may then be decided by a judge based upon the best interest test.  When a child is one of marriage, however, the parents share legal and physical custody. When divorce occurs, the presumption is that joint legal custody is in the best interests of the child. Additionally, while there is not a presumption for joint physical custody, there is a presumption that the non-custodial parent is entitled to at least 25% of the parenting time. Also, in Minnesota, courts push mediation over court proceedings. Parents will sit down with a mediator and decide, between themselves, which parenting time and custody arrangements work best for them. But it's certainly more difficult when parents don't get along and are bitter toward each other, because it often then becomes a game of "he said, she said."   A case I observed recently involved unmarried parents with a 10 year old daughter. The father had little to no involvement in the child's life up until now. The mother had recently been convicted of sex trafficking (the daughter had not been involved in any way). The father had a good job and a wife and kids. However, he had not spent any substantial amount of time with his daughter. While the judge was certainly concerned about the mother's criminal conviction (and the possibility that she would be incarcerated), he wasn't about to grant custody to a father who had barely been involved in his child's life. At most he was looking at reunification therapy and then parenting time.
1	To be perfectly honest i love facing Fiora as a top laner. Yes she becomes untargetable when she ults but thats why you learn how to counter play it. I personally like to take someone like a shen or lissandra against her and grab exhaust. When she dashes towards me i either e-taunt her right away as shen so that she takes a lot of minion aggro and i automatically win the trade or of I'm liss i w-stun her as soon as she comes in and then auto q auto kite. If I'm irelia, i e-stun then w and q away. If she comes close to me again i do the same, yes she may put dmg onto me but she can only kill you with her ult if you're low in health and if thats the case be prepared to exhaust her as soon as she dashes in because she will ult.
0	fuck this kid. yes. fuck him   when i was in first grade, i met a new friend, and he was really cool. like had a cast that he let me write on cool. one day he asked if i wanted to come over and put together this huge new lego castle he got. and boy was i excited!   my mom dropped me off after school and as my mother is talking to is in the kitchen, we run into his bedroom and he starts pulling a box out from underneath his bed. HUGE BOX! it was the largest lego set i had ever seen... but it didnt say lego. Oh well! it's still a huge castle.   He dumps the pieces on the floor, and the look dull and just not right... lo and behold i could barely get three blocks to stick together without falling apart.   ME: "Whats wrong with your legos? are they broken? they dont work right...:   HIM: "Noooooo! They're Mega Bloks, my mommy saud that they're much better than legos are!"   ME: "Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa MOMMYYYYYYY!"   At least my mom was still in the kitchen and she took me home to sob quietly into a pile of REAL legos
1	So as you can see I have 10 losses on my match history, that isn't why  i'm done with this game. It is because of the people i get paired with who make those games so bad.   Let me start with the game that broke the camels back, the last lost on the list with olaf. Even before the game started it was obvious this wasn't going to go well but i had no clue just how bad it would be. Our team comp consisted of mundo, who wasn't jungling, AP TF, who everyone but me and my queue partner said was useless even though AP TF is good, Kayle, who said she was AD after it was too late to change champs, Ashe, my duo queue partner who almost always plays AD carry and does quite well, and me as olaf jungle, cause i wanted a tanky jungler who could still stomp people and mundo was taken. So mostly AD team ain't so bad right? Oh the game hasn't even started.   As the game begins kayle informs ashe that she will be taking as much cs as possible but instead of going bot she goes mid and stays there until the enemy jungle kills TF and TF is forced to go bot lane rather than duo mid. So TF rages all game blaming everything that he does wrong on his stolen lane. kayle who we assume is going to troll actually starts doing well. Ashe gets a kill while she was 2v1. I get some successful ganks off early game is going great. But the other team gets all of our first turrets before we get one of theirs. we start to team fight and since we have more kills we do well, but tf is almost never in the team fight and mundo and kayle rage at him for being useless all game and he keeps blaming everything on his stolen lane.  I should mention that even though I'm jungler no one is raging at me. So slowly but surely the lack of a useful fifth person starts to take a toll on our team fights. by the time the other team pushes into our base mundo kayle and TF are so busy raging that they dont help ashe defend against the massive amount of minions swarming our base. they continue to rage at base till we lose.
1	It uses team MMR, and sometimes it's not enough.   You can have a team full of plat+ players like mine getting paired against a team full of silver/gold players, because it uses team MMR.   It gets very ugly, I'll tell you that. ranked 5s is 70% of the time a complete stomp until you get at least somewhat 50 games played because by then you'll be in your "actual" MMR. And these stomps completely crush the low ELO players, they get very sad about the stomp they take. More often than not, they start to question if they'll ever get good enough, and if they think they can't, then they get demotivated to play the game. Sometimes tho it motivates them and makes them try and improve their play, but it is rare.   It also happens that a team that is basically full of plats like mine getting paired up against 3 challengers and 2 low diamonds (happenned last night), or even a team of 1 challenger and 4 high diamonds (happenned last week).   It gets ugly as well, sometimes these are complete stomps just like the first situation, but at this level of play people actually get to learn instead of getting crushed and taking not one lesson for the team.
1	Hey guys, there's this company that says they sell cereal. Well I've bought 10 boxes over the course of 6 months and they never had any cereal in them, just full of roaches. Be careful, do NOT get scammed by these people!"   You: "Lol fuck u where not gonna try and take them down for you im from forechun heheheheh not your personal army and
0	Since when is the US hiding successfull anti-terror operations ?   You don't hear about the poor blokes in gitmo, not because its a successfull anti-terror operation, but because this is pure facism.   Every successfull anti-terror operation would be used as 'look how dangerous our country still is, we need more military and more control'. And it would give credibility back to all of the hundreds of intelligence institutes the US is pounding billions in.   And i hear only about some successfull FBI sting operations, which is self-made terror. You always have a guy who runs amok. But thats a domestic issue, no terror-plot.
0	Great to hear you got teachers like that! I did too! Unfortunately though, the school division I recently graduated high school from needs improvement with these types of issues in numerous ways. Teachers here have to rebel against the divisions rules to act like this and risk losing their job at times.   For example: Teachers are forced to accept homework that comes in months late.  Teachers cannot give a final grade below 20 percent because the division fears it would "hurt the students feelings" .  Students who are fully capable of learning but don't seem to care are given 1 on 1 assistance. This may not be a problem, but when I see a teacher assistant helping a student who just doesn't care over a student who wants to learn but has a mental disability holding them back, it bothers me.   After I graduated I voiced my opinion to as many members of my school divisions Administration board, I have yet to hear back.
1	is there any way i can maybe get it louder?   yes, look at the top of my original post :p   > Since I am in Vienna today (27th) I probably cannot update today. Unless i somehow get some time to use my laptop to make a new update (next update will rise the global volume of this announcerpack a bit), the next update should be ready tomorrow sometime between 12 am and 3pm (UK Time)
1	and every other champion that is not UP in the current meta, especially Bronze games are easy to carry for experienced players. I read quite a lot of things like "how to get out of elo hell" and tbh i learned something out of it. The more you play the better you get, learn basic stuff like last hitting, how to manage lanes pushing towards you or lanes you push, when and why you do it. IMO to get out of Bronze get a DuoQ partner you think is good and play with him duo bot. In low elo games its all about average skill and haveing as less leavers or flamers as possible. So in conclusion you and your DuoQ partner are 2 out of 5 that means the possibility of leavers are 37,5% chance in your team and a 62,5% chance in the enemy team.
1	As nunu jungle my last game yesterday I ran into their jungle at level 1 and got 5 man ganked because I was typing to my team. They said "this nunu too good" in all chat and made fun of me for the first 4 minutes. I then ganked three lanes in a row successfully, later reversed a snowball when my zyra mid fed a brand to 5/0 before 10 minutes, shut down the yorick toplane, and counterganked the enemy shen jungle twice which resulted in a kill with 0 deaths to my team both times. I ended the game something like 6/6/14 or something and my team had the mentality that I was going to be horrible because I made 1 mistake and got caught. I was checking to see where shen would start when he blocked me off from his wraiths I assumed he'd start red and went to check blue and got caught. I fucked up but we still won hard and I helped my team immensely the whole game.
1	Here's my guess:   Your champion has a flag. Let's call it "invulnerable". When you use hourglass, that flag is set to true. When hourglass ends, the flag is set to false.   So, when you use hourglass, the flag was true. The game ended right around that time, so the flag would have also been set to true. When hourglass wore off, the flag was set to false and you were no longer invulnerable.
0	I had the same thing happen, they quoted me a price of $400 and said no hidden charges and includes everything to move one bedroom apartment.  After they loaded everything up, they said sign the paperwork so they can go and unload, the charge changed from $400 to $1100 and they refused to change anything and said if I have an issue they can hold my stuff in the storage until Monday and then I can talk to the manager.   But if I did that, they would charge me storage fees for the weekend.  In the end I had no choice but to pay them as they had my baby's furniture, and dishes as well.   Left a bad review on Yelp, two days later I get an email from Yelp saying the review is removed due to privacy concerns.
1	How was that trashtalking?   There has only been 3 "international" events since the formation of C9 as a team.   We all know that the one Worlds that happened since the formation of C9 had a format where they showed up and played 1 Bo3 and that was it and it was against Fnatic. During all stars, in group stages, C9 took matches off OMG and TPA. At IEM "Worlds" Season 8, C9 beat both TPA and WE in that shitty format of a Bo1.   Yet Monte decides to say his standard passive aggressive bullshit of "won't take your team seriously" (read: your team's shit) unless you perform at an international level. So basically his definition of "perform at an international level" is a completely arbitrary statement because he has no problems with Fnatic, OMG, Positive Energy, and Invictus Gaming in that same Top 10 list. Fnatic has about the same performance record internationally. Invictus Gaming has a worse record being that the one international event they went to, they didn't make it out of group stages. OMG has about the same performance record as C9. Positive Energy hasn't even been to an international event so of all the teams on there, by default, they have the worst international record being that they have none.   Yet of all the teams on the list, Monte singles out C9 as having failed to perform internationally and can't be taken seriously.
1	I'm afraid most Korean's attitude toward this issue has grown from 'negativity' to fury   There's an thread(?) in Inven that reached Inven's first page with 120 upvotes and it has a lot of swearing words plus an explicitly negative opinion about 2014 Worlds and Riot's decision.(In inven, the number of upvotes a person can use is limited to 3 per day so it's quite a big number) And that writing is calling for a boycott.  hope I can translate it but i'm not really good at translating so..
0	I disagree, it's mainly a social issue. Guys ask girls out; society has set those rules. I don't necessarily like them and I think a confident girl asking a guy out is very very sexy. But, with that said, just because I don't like the rules means I'm not going to play.   I see this same thread every week. While there are many different situations for everyone, as a generic rule for Redditors who find themselves here... you need to grow a pair and ask her out. You know why "assholes" get all the girls? Because they're the ones that talk to girls to pick them up.   They aren't interested in friends. They have friends. Talk to girl with the intent to go out with them/"pick them up". If you talk to them as if they're your friend because you either a) don't want to impose or b) don't want to ever get rejected, then  you're the one sending mixed signals . If you're talking with a girl and you think she wants to go out with you (based off body language or whatever), just sack the fuck up and ask. Don't wait for her to ask you out because you'll find that "some asshole" who just walks up and actually asks her out will scoop her up from under you.
0	Yeeeaaah, still illegal to brake check someone.   I never brake check people.  I do, however, brake suddenly when "a dog ran out in front me".  Happens all the time on the high way.  Very strange.
1	After watching the replay I think the problem was that you were being super aggressive but you had no damage to back up your aggression. Since you leveled up mega adhesive instead of fling you probably shouldn't been aggressively trying to flip opponents since it doesn't do enough damage to be worth the risk. This is especially true with your fight with GP around the 20 min mark where you go in and your flip barely takes down a single bar of his HP.
1	I for one do not like this whole..well we do not want to force people into a Meta...when imo its perfectly fine for them to do this in ranked..   imo preferred role should be be an option (JUST FOR RANKED)..and the Role options should be voted on by lvl 30 summoners in the client Monthly..or two weeks after a major patch. The results from the votes would solidify the meta and allow for a much more smooth picking phase
1	Quite easy to explain actually.   Since more people are in the lower tiers of play then the higher tiers, it's the same on this subreddit, this means that a large part of the community can relate  and  empathise to "struggling in Bronze", add in a heart-warming title and image (check out popular image subreddits, heart-warming stories everywhere, "my disabled sis painted this", I just found this 1 legged kitten with an eye patch look what he's doing", massive percentage of the time on these popular image subreddits the story is either a repost or faked, for karma, and it works).   Now the second post you linked to, it's about known fixes for League, except for 99% of all players never have an technical issue when playing League, so they don't really find any use for it, it's cool and all that someone put the effort in to help those that need it but a large percentage of the "fixes" are basic shit and the majority of the player base don't need it.
1	From the op: "I will post some questions directed to professional players. Anyone can respond, but I'd love to hear from the guys who set the pace".
1	Free Champs you don't own are already not allowed in ranked games.   About the Last Champ part: Absolutely not. There's no reason to ban the latest champ from ranked games, and it's not fair, is people who bought it would not be able to use it until a new champion gets released.   Furthermore, I see no difference whether the champion the guy practices in ranked games is the latest champion or not. If you have a problem with the latest champ, BAN HIM.
0	It would make a grand comeback except that most of the jokes that one could make with this meme, have already been done. Maybe come back in a year or two when it's less likely to be remembered.
1	there are 2 of these threads on the frontpage currently.   we dont need either.   zzzzzz.
0	It is the only way i know how to communicate without sounding like a dullard
1	I know exactly how you feel. After 2 heart attacks before I hit 23 (perfectly in shape, just odd heart defects) I've used LoL as an out for many things. Now I've taken all that I can and all the good things it's given me and tried to give back with my youtube channel. Granted it's nothing much and will most likely never break out, but it lets me do 3 things I love in one:     Play LoL     Teach (I'm a coach IRL and working on being a teacher)     Help people
1	Plat 2 is fucked, I was in my promo to plat 1 yesterday, and here's a summary of the three games in my series.   Game 1: diamond 5 player who stated he didn't care and was playing to fuck around. He was last pick. Someone on my team picked riven. Last pick decides to curse this guy out and says he's going top or feeding. After asking him to play something different and telling him I'll play whatever he doesn't, he instalocks singed and goes top anyway leaving the ADC bot solo. Luckily the first guy that picked top carried and the singed went like 0/6.   Game 2: Renekton smashes top, I keep mid under control as nasus jungle. Bot lane gets obliterated because they pushed without wards. Enemy jungle was never down there, he was trying to get top back in it. Renekton and I say we should group, bot and mid get caught about 4 times, leading to giving the enemy team free baron and towers. We group once and roll them, taking an inhib and two nexus towers. Bot continues to get caught and we eventually lose because of their refusal to group.   Game 3: complete clusterfuck. Me and corki bot go 3/0. Top by this point was 0/7, mid was 0/6, jungle was 0/3. They sent 5 bot for our only two deaths. Top and mid quit and they won in 16m.
1	This is happening because your MMR (hidden elo) is too low compared to where you are division wise.   Your win/loss determines your MMR and yours is probably much lower than where you are right now. Therefore, the game is trying to make sure that you deserve to be promoted by making you win more games in order to start your promotion series.   I'm pretty positive in terms of win/loss so I gain 25-30 points every win and lose much less.   Even though it seems bad when you win 3-4 games and lose 1 only to lose all the LP you just gained, remember that your MMR always rises when you improve your win/loss. Later, if you manage to bring your MMR equal to or above your division, you'll start gaining a lot more points that you are now.
1	I do like the style that C9 is bringing in. Let us copy the Koreans and win. They are an aggressive team that doesn't have any idea how to deal with teams that play their game. Unless they do their homework, they are gonna get hit hard at worlds. While teams like solomid, dig, and clg are on the back line, they are still adjusting to the new meta. Honestly there is nothing wrong with the NA scene. NA has always been more farm, aoe fights oriented, it is just sad that sometimes ego comes first and we adjust slow to aggression teams like the Koreans, the counter jungling style of the Russians and overall the bizarre Russian style. The one thing we can learn from the Koreans is that no champion is considered weak. Implement that, and we can compete on the same level as the Koreans and Chinese.
0	This is great advice.  Story:  there was a huge fuck up at work, where various people in various departments dropped the ball.  The owner of our company sent an email out asking what happened.  Everyone started playing the blame game, or saying "I don't know".  I said "I dropped the ball, it won't happen again."  I got an email back saying simply "thank you".  I'm the only one who still works there.
0	i thought i was the only one who thought this!   although now as a quasi-grown up, I will facetime/skype with nieces and watch younger kids talk on these devices. During the best calls, the kids are doing whatever it is they're doing around the house. With a video call going on in the background. They can be called over or have teh iphone brought to them to smile and wave - WHICH IS THE PROPER WAY FOR A 5 Y/O TO COMMUNICATE REMOTELY. I felt it was awkward to communicate with distant relatives over the phone because I felt I had to communicate like grown-ups - all words (children communicate so much non-verbal) and constantly speaking (don't let the conversation die "... ....     um... ok my mom wants to talk to you")
1	I were stuck in 1400-1600 for too long. Til I discovered Skarner <3   But most important, you have to be the ultimate teammate if you want to climb elo. Let your teammates play whatever they want, and you must take responsibility and pick the lesser popular roles (in this case support/jungler). Remember that you NEED these players to win the match and win this elo.   Try Skarner!     Not that hard to play (No skillshots, except E...emm)   Extremely stronk ganks after lvl 6   Fat as santa and dominating in MS   Overpowered Slow (Q-Skill)   Stronk late-game (After my experience)     And Additional, in low elo you can even have some more fun with Skarner, do as I did and build PD-Skarner. If you play smart and get some early kills/assists, you'll run down your enemies and end up as a good lookin carry! (Notice that you should stop this after you pass 1600 elo, didn't go so well then.. )
0	you could definitely be more empathetic here.  do you think your brother wanted to piss on your couch? judging by how you are still raging, I probably would have left, too.
1	In short, the real reason is probably due to Hotshotgg's champion pool and their subsequent strategies due to the fact he only plays tanky top laners. They play protect the Doublelift every single game, and with S3 changes and with the fact that Doublelift is no longer God Tier above all the other ADCs (not sure if he's slumping or others just caught up) so it simply doesn't work anymore. Everyone knows that all you have to do is shut down Doublelift and you win. It's obviously easier said then done since CLG have amazing experience, but if you shut down the megathreat that is Doublelift, all they have to worry about left is Link who can't seem to carry the team.
0	Well of course if you don't know anything you're going to have a hard time, what I'm saying is that it's stupid to expect someone to know  everything . Part of "finding necessary knowledge efficiently" is having enough background knowledge to know where to look and what to look for.   The time for wrote memorization is elementary school when you get a very simple background of knowledge in everything. By the time you're in college (and one could probably argue most of highschool as well) you should be learning how to apply concepts and synthesize data to find solutions. Out of school, as someone develops experience, is when they ought to learn the bulk of their practical knowledge, it's simply not feasible to teach people everything they could ever possibly need to know.   For example, when I was in elementary school I learned that corroded metal was weaker than regular metal, when I was in highschool I learned that metals get their strength from a sea of electrons, when I was in college I learned that certain metal combinations, such as iron and aluminum, exchange ions leading to corrosion, and when I got my first job I learned that helicoils are little strips of metal that allow an aluminum part to be fastened with steel fasteners with neither corroding. I think it's perfectly reasonable to google "what is a helicoil?". I'd be fired if my boss caught me googling "is corrosion bad?".
0	but that doesn't change the fact that I'm pronouncing their names wrong. Facts are facts.   Language is not so cut and dry. If the person whose name you're referring to says you're pronouncing it right, then it's right. But this is only if it's your personal name. The same rules cannot apply when A seemingly mispronounces B's name, and C corrects A, even though B prefers A's pronunciation. C does not have this authority.   >it's not wrong under any context unless if you're specifically referring to the pronunciation of the romanized word "Japan".   Let's take a few steps back. What is the ultimate purpose of language and communication? Can we agree that it is to get an idea across, to spread an idea from one person to another? I think that's fair, if it's not let me know.   If this is acceptable, then communicating "right" would be succeeding in this goal of getting your point across, agreed? Communicating "wrongly" would be to fail in getting your point across, likely through some form of miscommunication (commonly from a different understanding of what a word means). However, since the goal is to communicate between two or more people, definitions must be accepted. These definitions are fluid, and on a societal level. Society, in this context, refers to a specific locale, such as where you live, be it city or country or anywhere that language is used commonly.   Any given country, in the language that country speaks, has a term for itself AND a term for many other countries. The United States calls itself that (or America, or a variety of similar, really), and we call Japan "Japan."  Japan, on the other hand, calls itself Nihon or Nippon, and likely has it's own names for America that an American would be unfamiliar with.   To communicate "correctly" one must use terms the society they are in is used to, if we don't, then it is "incorrect." I assert that English speaking countries/locales are not used to calling Japan Nihon, because that is not the English word for the country. Thereby, to call Japan Nihon would not assist in getting a point across, and in fact may make it harder to do so if your audience does not know that word. This is therefore an incorrect means of communication.   This is not to say that Nihon is incorrect in  all  contexts, as it would obviously be the correct term in Japan, where the term would be understood. Likewise however, just because it is correct in one context doesn't mean it is correct in all.
0	Would living away from home have done that or would you have done poorly regardless? I lived at home the entire time I was in college. I got poor grades my first year at college. After that I got my shit together and by my Junior/ Senior years there were very few people in my majors that outperformed me. I'm not saying you wouldn't have done better away from home, but it is a combination of innumerable factors that make up what we do and why. What makes you do what you do and think how you think cannot simply be placed to one thing like not going away for school or for another example being poor. It would have certainly affected who you are today though.   Could you have done better living on your own during school? Sure you could. Could you have ended up worse? Sure you could. Although it is very easy to say I did X because of Y the reality just isn't so simplistic. What makes you who you are and who you will become is a mess of ever growing prior experiences, your perception of those experiences, and those perceptions impact on your perception of future experiences. Some things will have a bigger impact on making you who you are than others but ultimately why you do what you do comes down to an impossible number of factors to even fathom and beyond that stating I did X because of Y will always at least be partially incorrect. Also there is the issue of blaming an external factor rather than a personal one that could be worked in with this issue, or a discussion of consequentialist reasoning, but I think I have been boring enough already.
0	Uhhh.. no it's not. By that logic all calories are created equal, which they are NOT. It's not as simple as calories in < calories out = weight loss. Any nutritionist will tell you that eating 300 calories worth of vegetables isn't the same as say, eating 300 calories of Doritos. In addition, weight loss is 90% diet, 10% exercise. Yes, exercising certainly helps, but if you're 50 pounds overweight, hitting the gym for 3 hours a day isn't going to make you lose weight as quickly as eating a high fat/high protein/high fiber diet. Numerous studies have proven this to be an effective way to lose weight. Smarter people than me (Such as Gary Taubes and Robert Lustig) have written books and have hard data to prove this.
0	There is nothing "wrong" with your choice. The oijnt I made was that she was in the same boat as you. She never wanted to date somebody with kids. She didn't tell me that, becsusrcshe never thought I had one. So by the time I told her I did, she had fallen for me, she loved me, not the superficial onkibd dating world crap.  After that point,,me having a kid wasn't as important as she thought it was st the beginjng.
0	An engineering degree, at least for undergrad, is meant to be more about teaching you how to think and solve problems. Problems that you are going to need to figure out how to solve, they aren't going to be in a text book, or on your test because they don't have a known solution. If they had a known solution you wouldn't need an engineer to find that solution. [This is a good quote from someone else in this thread](   As an example, in mechanical engineering your core classes are going to be (from [wikipedia](   >* Mathematics (in particular, calculus, differential equations, and linear algebra)     Statics and dynamics   Strength of materials and solid mechanics   Material Engineering, Composites   Thermodynamics, heat transfer, energy conversion, and HVAC   Fuels, combustion, Internal combustion engine   Fluid mechanics (including fluid statics and fluid dynamics)   Mechanism and Machine design (including kinematics and dynamics)   Instrumentation and measurement   Manufacturing engineering, technology, or processes   Vibration, control theory and control engineering   Hydraulics, and pneumatics   Mechatronics, and robotics   Engineering design and Product design   Drafting, computer-aided design (CAD) and computer-aided manufacturing (CAM)     Everyone that majors in mechanical engineering takes the same basic classes, regardless of the industry they go in to. None of those classes would present me with real world problem solving scenarios for the design of a car. In order to do that I'm going to need to do more research, then do testing, and modeling, and more testing, based on my research. Engineering is not something you expect to get right the first try, the best you can do is use redundant checks in your design process, that's why there is always prototyping and testing that goes on prior to the actual release of any product.
1	saying one role is mindless over another is pretty ignorant, you might say  mindless.   The human brain has a limited amount of attention. Some roles it is more important to focus the map in general, some roles it is much more vital to be where your team wants you to be and to make the individual plays, stay alive against all odds, and still do the most damage. There isn't less attention and mental power going on, it is simply more focused on making the correct clicks and walking the correct distance than other champions.   Your comment is especially silly when you consider top lane, in particular the tank meta. Your job is literally just don't overextend, keep up farm, and TP at the right time, then play a decent teamfight. but of course top lane is very stressful because you HAVE to stay alive and stay relevant even 2v1-4v1 or you give up an entire half of the map (In LCS anyway). There is a lot to consider. and in solo Q it is the role least represented in challenger and always has been because it's the most independent of the team.   how is the  most  team-dependent role the most mindless? Adc's are the most vulnerable, they're the last who should be warding, they're the last who should be initiating, they're the last who should be shot-calling because their role isn't to "make the big decisions" their role is to "do what they in small decisions with the big decisions their shot-callers give them"   Doublelift is definitely lacking in macro awareness or strategy, but players like Sneaky, Deft, and NaMei, all the best adc's in their regions or possibly the world at some point (Sneaky not as much at the moment) all have great macro awareness and play intelligently, and they get awarded for it.At the same time, there are tons of mids and junglers who have only been in LCS because they make fancy plays and once they couldn't dominate with their mechanics they fell off hard. Hell, there's even supports who really dont have great shotcalling or great vision control and without annie/morg/thresh to force plays or a janna to protect a world class ADC they're very underwhelming.
0	In addition to laziness, cheapness plays a factor as well. Inexpensive shared hosting accounts have limitations on CPU and memory that can cripple a site that is using resizing scripts. Instead of a nice page with images of products, you get a page that is missing half the images because the account has hit its resource limits running the script several times.
0	The moment you open your drink, you depressurize the bottle, and the CO2 escapes the solution as u/dhg points because there is less pressure inside the bottle to keep it there. You would need the kind of machine they use in the bottling factories to pressurize it again.
0	This happen to me at a fast food place. The cashier gave me the receipt and said something about coming back for a free burger. I didn't think much of it because I thought it was a promo or something. Then I looked at it and it just had her name. I was really drunk so I have no idea if she was trying to hit on me or I was just missing something.
1	I agree that black shield is fine as support because the base shield isn't too tough to pop. The problem I have with it is that a Morg top or mid can render magic damage  and  CC irrelevant. The argument for Morg's balance has always been "just get magic damage and pop the shield." But her shield can get pretty ridiculous late game with AP items...   I mean, I think complete CC immunity on a non-ultimate spell that you can cast on ANY ally is a pretty dumb thing in league anyways, since it renders certain champs irrelevant, but adding a 500 magic damage shield on top of that is over the top. I feel that nerfing the AP scaling on Morg's shield is pretty much required at this point, because right now she can make the initial burst of mages pretty much irrelevant come late game. Especially if the mage in question depends on cc to reliably land the combo, like Ahri.
0	I love how insightful the first part of this was and how great the
0	Or let people do whatever the hell they please. It's not like they are tattooing on  your skin . Something like a reddit based tattoo on someone you don't even know shouldn't even register on your radar. Why? Simply because it's no one's business to judge what someone else puts on their skin. It might mean something to the individual.
0	I disagree! I have alot of good friends and they know I have a big mouth and talk alot of crap, but guess what! When shit breaks down, they know that I'm there. I'm not the "best" best friend. I'm only human and i say stuff I dont meen.   I think you just have to be honest about why you do stuff. I always stay behind what I said, even if it makes no sense and was hurtful.   But honestly, I'm probably the one who says sorry the most..
