1	Dude has 1 bad game out of a career of steady games and you want to replace him?   You realize he has been one of the most consistent junglers for basically ever right?   As the announcers even said during the game Oddone likely expected his team to keep focusing on the Dragon, they didnt and left him high and dry. The break down in communication and focus is what cost the team dragon. You cant lay all the blame at the junglers feet, and you cant call for "Competition"= his job after 1 bad game.   Lets see how Oddone performs for a few weeks before we decide he need to be tested for his position.
0	Really? You're gonna tell me to "man up?" ok I'll just get a man and prop him up on my shoulders or maybe I'll just grow a man on my head.   What the hell is wrong with you? Do you walk around on eggshells just to please everyone?   And yes. She WAS asking for it. You think if she didn't want to be stared at she wouldn't have worn something else?   YOUR entire train of thought validates the asshat notion that these women are just weak little does who can do no wrong.   I mean give the girl some credit. She DOES have a brain you know. She chose those clothes. This is all on her.
1	We aren't playing some mobile free to play game. There is a lot more depth to player retention than currency flow. People don't play league because they want to catch'em all.  You are missing the point that the current IP sinks are very specific towards making actual gameplay fair (champs, runes, pages). New content (which costs money for Riot) is meant to make riot money (skins, champs, ward skins, boosts, etc) but if you make it free it doesn't help riot make more money. Finding ways to take away IP is fine, but requiring it to take away from something that makes profit doesn't make sense no matter how much artificial scarcity you have. The two currencies are completely separate and only convert 1 way, Rp to IP though boosts. You don't need any skins, wards or champion, to play a game, and win. So those who elect to buy them spend money. If they were free (IP) then they would lose value since it is a sign of commitment to the game to buy something so frivolous.   Players continue to play because they are either playing ranked and want to climb leagues (which requires 0 currency) or just play casually and maybe want more champs. Impatient ones buy champions with RP and riot makes money. I do not play league because I want more IP. I play ranked for the competition. If I wanted IP I'd just play co-op vs ai dominion and get my daily boost.
1	For me League, surprisingly to many, had a positive effect. After many games where I raged at horrible teammates I finally realised that I can only affect my own performace. I know many people have said that in varius "how to gain elo" threads, but it's one thing to read it, and completely another to really internalize it. Even when all 4 ppl on my team are straight up horrible players I dont focus on that, I think what I could've done better in this game. And trust me, there is always something, however small, that I could do better. Be it roaming, warding, trading in lane, csing, some bad decision etc. I had games where I was hard carrying my team and we could win had I avoided that ONE mistake I made. Sure, I could blame others that after only one mistake I made we lost, but if I didnt do that mistake we could probably win... It helps a lot in life, not only in game. After whatever you do, dont blame others or circumstances, always ask yourself what you couldve done better or differently. It has helped me achieve gold this season because I reflected on the games I play and I believe it will help me out in life. Thanks, League.
1	Soccer is fairly simple but it still has some fairly complex rules. What is a corner kick, how do you decide who does the throw in, how much contact is ok, differences between direct and indirect kicks, the whole keeper thing. One of the things that helps people understand soccer or football is conversations that happen outside of when you watch the sport. It wasn't until the past two years that league has become something that millions watch. The other big name sports have had millions of people watching for decades. Even before the invention of television soccer was still being discussed in the current culture. If you overhear your coworkers talk about about how the team A had a corner kick where billy headed the ball into the goal and don't know what is being said you will ask a question. League is not yet to the point where (at least around me) it is being talked about where others can overhear it. It could take many years before league or other Esports get to the point where they are talked about around the watercooler at work.
1	Look at your death recaps. Check to see how much of the damage was from magic, and how much from physical, and build resists appropriately. You've got the right percentages when one of two things happen: (1) you stop dying, or (2) when you die it's 50/50. That said, I like to start with cloth armor and hp pots. Most of the damage dealt in the first few levels is from autoattacks, which cloth helps to mitigate. The next item depends on who I'm laning against, but is subject to change based on overall enemy team comp. If I die to an autoattacker/AD carry but he's the only one on his team, I'm not going to build a Thornmail.   Tank builds are the most flexible, I think. You have to build to counter, so it's difficult to say "here's a build that always works; go forth and pwn" because that would be a blatant lie. However, I'll tell you my typical build and the reasoning behind it. I start with cloth, get a philo stone and a hog on first or second trip back, boots1, negatron or null magic mantle (negatron to build into FoN if the enemy team is caster heavy, or null magic to build into mercs if they have CC), giant's belt, finish FoN, finish boots, buy glacial shroud, build giant's belt into warmog's, build glacial shroud into frozen heart, build either banshee's or sunfire depending on enemy team comp, and finish with an atma's. FoN is highest MR, and FH is second highest armor, so by the time you've got those three items, you should be pretty unkillable.   Remember that you're building in response to enemy builds. If there are champions who can build either AP or AD, look at their builds before committing to a particular set of items. Don't be caught off guard if you see an AD Teemo when you expected AP. Again, always look at your death recaps. They're extremely helpful.   Be flexible with your builds. I've built both Thornmail and FH in a single game because the enemy team was dumb enough to have pretty much only AD. 300 armor, 4k hp, and 75 MR is better than 190 of each resist against all AD comps, and vice versa for AP comps. It's unlikely that you'll see such AD/AP heavy teams, though, so usually you should have an approximately equal amount of each resist.   Also, know what type of damage each champion does, and how much damage they do. If I see a tank, a support, two melee autoattackers, and a nuker, I'm going to prioritize MR. I can disregard the tank and support, because they're not major damage dealers (not that they should be completely neglected, but they type of damage they do is less relevant because they deal less damage), and the autoattackers are melee, so they also focus on survivability early game, so I know that the main source of damage early game (probably balancing out later in the game) will be AP. So in that case, don't rush a sunfire/thornmail.
0	Oh man, there was this kid we called "Joggers" that was one of my best buds circa 1990-94.   His mum was well cool (and looking back, really hot, but this was just before puberty so I didn't really notice that then).   This kid was obsessed with war films, and horror films, and because his mum was cool, she let him watch whatever he wanted. So by association, so did we. We played "Tremors" (obviously a new film at the time and just out on VHS) in the playground for ages.   One day we go a youth club in one of the villages (I grew up in rural England) for a disco and his mum is picking us up. He leans in through the car window and screams right in her face, "YO, MUM! WE NEED MEDEVAC NOW!" and leaps in the back door in a heap.   We sheepishly get in behind him, Jibbers in the front seat and me (known as Big Manny) next to Joggers.   Joggers makes his hand into a gun and PRESSES IT HARD into the back of his mum's head and starts screaming, "DRIVE! OR I'LL BLOW YOUR BRAINS OUT!"   And his mum (and me and Jibbers) are kinda embarrassed and she's like "Please don't do that Johnathan..."   And he's going "DRIVE! YOU DIRTY BITCH! JUST DRIVE!" at which point my face is all crinkled up like hedgehog or a crisp packet and Jogger's mum's all like "Please don't speak to your mother like that, Johnathan" and now he's POKING HER in the BACK OF HIS HEAD with his FINGER GUN yelling "JUST DRIVE! OR I'LL KILL YOU!"   So she does and then me Jibbers and Joggers just sat there like normal 9 year olds all the way home, Joggers seemed satisfied, and I can't speak for Jibbers but deep inside me there was a burning embarrassed flame that never left when I saw Mrs H ever again.   I saw Joggers years later. I was sitting in a car outside my house with a friend of mine who'd dropped me off after a lift (see the similarity of the situation?). It's after midnight and Joggers comes running down the road windmilling his arms, screaming "WE ALL GOTTA GET TO THE GYMNASIUM! MANNY! MANNY! WE GOTTA GET TO THE GYMNASIUM!" and then runs off cackling into the velvet night.
1	Hadn't much paid attention to this post earlier, but I just have to share a story I had in a game I finished like 10min ago.   I was 4th pick for my team, I got middle. I picked Evelynn and the opponent picked Morde to go against me, for sure I thought I was fucked. Well, turns out a level 3 gank from Udyr is pretty damn strong, I get Morde and Lee tried to save him, but I ended up getting a double and doublebuffs.   After that, Morde disconnected and I killed him before realizing this.   Ever since that moment, his whole team flamed him and told him he's bad and that he needs to be reported for feeding. That's just ridiculous.   Morde played well the first couple of levels, I realized immediately that I'd be screwed against him on equal ground. Then one gank turns it sour for him, since Eve snowballs really hard, especially if you get double buffs pre-5.   It saddens me that he had to go through 4 people yelling at him, just because I happened to get a good gank from my jungler. Especially since Lee repeatedly screwed up and gave me more kills. He came twice after, and both times I killed him.   Then this one time, Mordekaiser saw fighting happen bottom so he went to roam, I followed him and killed Ezreal. Now Ez found the shift key and started yelling in all chat about Mordekaiser being a noob and how we should all report him.   In the end of the game, Ezreal and Lee both said "9x noob morde" and Lee said "Get cancer faggot" in the end.   All because of a good gank from my jungler. People need to grow up, they need to learn to acknowledge that if your lane gets behind he needs help, and flaming isn't helping. Morde kind of seemed not to be interested in playing anymore after the Ezreal all chatting, and I don't blame him, I would lose interest as well.   But then, there's the other side to this. Mordekaiser started flaming at his whole team. This to me, is even worse than flaming someone who's doing bad. If you're getting complained about, don't fucking start a flame war with them. It's disgusting and despicable. You played bad, they got angry, no need for you to throw oil to the flames for no reason.
0	Really though, the decent thing to do would have been to gone back to her place and then left just before sex, cause now she probably just picked someone else up, someone with less morals. Maybe they're diseased, and now she might pass that disease on to her boyfriend unknowingly, who then passes it on to HIS mistress, and maybe his mistress is your sister.
0	As someone who doesn't really watch this show but will watch the finale can someone
0	As a shy girl who tried asking guys out: I gave up because nobody I went for wanted me. I started off friends with some of them, asked some of them just upon meeting, met some through friends... It was pointless. For a long while no guy wanted me and I decided to become an aromantic hermit. But then a really great guy asked me out and even though we didn't work out, I got my confidence back and tried asking guys out again. It went a lot better and now I'm with my fantastic boyfriend. But the thing is, I experienced a lot of painful rejection and crippling shyness too. When I was in high school, my best friend and my crush dated for two years. You gotta get past that stuff man, especially before you start asking other people to.
0	First of all, if a chick from work asks you out for a beer and she doesn’t make it explicitly clear that it’s just as friends, then it’s a very safe bet that she has romantic interest in you.  I’m guessing that your consternation in such situations comes from the fact that if YOU are the one to put out the “just as friends” part, that you’re afraid you’ll hurt her feelings, or worse, have misread the situation and feel like an idiot.  But again, see above:  if she asks you out without ever using the word “friend”, then trust me, you haven’t misread---even if she backpedals and pretends that that’s what she meant.  Which is such a  common way for people to handle this that you can count on her doing this likely as not.  But it’s not a big deal, just be prepared for it, and be prepared to feign a little laugh at your own expense…”oh silly me!  of COURSE you didn’t mean that, duh, nevermind…”  tension released.  On the other hand, if she’s a secure and confident woman, she may be like oh, you have a gf, sorry, didn’t realize.  Oh well, thanks for being good-guy-greg about it, some dudes are so slimy y’know…?   In which case the moment goes immediately to what a good guy you are, so no harm done and you’re off the hook.  I’d say these two reactions are equally likely, probably 45%/45% split.  That leaves the 10% of maneaters who, when you say sure but I have a gf, will give you a wicked smile and say ok no problem---but here’s my cell, call me if you change your mind!  You don’t have to worry about hurting THESE girls feelings, they’re more predator than prey.
1	Just believe in TSM and C9. That's pretty much it. Do the Samsung teams outclass the NA teams? Yup. Does that mean TSM and C9 are garbage teams that could never beat them? No it doesn't.   They have a small chance. It may be small but it's still a chance. We have to cheer for our teams even if they are expected to lose.   If even the western fans don't wanna cheer for western teams, how are they supposed to be confident when facing off against Korean teams?
1	I was raised on 2 languages. My father only spoke english with me and my mother only spoke german. When I moved from Germany to the US I spent the next 14 years here speaking primarily English and only having my mother and family back in Germany to speak German with. I go back to Germany every year and despite the fact that I grew up on both languages and speak both every day of my life and am fluent in both I still find it difficult to express myself IN THE IDEAL WAY on difficult topics. It's a perfectly normal thing. Some people are exceptionally gifted with their language skills and can think about a deep topic and translate that into a second language but the average person cannot.
1	NO!!!!!!!   God, sorry for the exclamation points but I really think that the word "addiction" is hideously misused in modern times.   But really, if you enjoy the game, play it! If not, find something else to do. I enjoy playing the game (win or lose) and I rarely find myself actually raging.   Last night was a great example of a bad game that turned around. Early game we got stomped, and one of my teammates was quick to bring out the nerdrage, blaming me and the rest of my teammates for this and that and spamming "report" in all chat.   We stayed in the game for 50+ minutes and we ended up winning after I got a pentakill in the opponents fountain.
1	The worst thing about MIA/ss is: What would you rather watch out of the corner of your eye? The chat where you see an occasional ss or the minimap that constantly gives you highly strategic info?   I feel so degraded when our top laner doesn't ward or look at the minimap, and then dies saying: "Nice ss" (you can literally feel the irony dripping from these words)
1	Here's my opinion after watching LS's video. I respect LS a lot. The insight he has into the game is amazing. I like his coaching and the approach he takes when he coaches people (both in his stream to his viewers and what he's doing with SHC). I also completely understand his argument to justify XJ9's behavior. Everyone's been a teenager in their life and has made stupid decisions, I understand that.   Here's what I don't like, however. Why is XJ9 making a video about this? He seems to be explaining how XJ9 is definitely sorry about this. Why isn't XJ9 personally making a video publicly apologizing for his past actions, specifically to his old girlfriend? He's an adult now, as LS says, and the adult way to handle something like this is to do it yourself, not to hide behind a curtain and let someone like LS do this sort of video for you.   Finally, I feel like as long as LS is right about XJ9's situation at the moment, then this'll be very great for SHC. As long as XJ9 doesn't post nudes of Impaler for picking Lee Sin, then nothing will go wrong and SHC will continue to improve.
1	look this sht happens to alot of people....... especially since the lawyers and stuff really have no incentive to expedite shtz.... and also brokenshard is in israel so the lawyers and mangers dont feel as compelled to do their best.......................what really blows my mind however is the fact that brokenshard has been permantly replaced from the team with 0 salary....... this is completely absurd...if a player in a traditional sports has visa issues he is can be placed on reserve for a team but no team can just simply cut all ties with the player and leave him hanging without pay after the player has SIGNED WITH THE TEAM... this isnt some tryout period where brokenshard is not garunteed a spot on the team. brokenshard had already signed with the team as a STARTER. WHICH MEANS THAT THERE SHOULD BE GUARANTEED MONEY..... THE ONLY WAY HE DOESNT GET GAURANTEED MONEY IS IF BROKENSHARD signed a SHT ASS/STUPID contract with COL that allows them to cut him whenever and without guaranteed salary during an ongoing split.. if it wwas the end of summer splti then they cut him it would make more sense but its the middle of the Split and he has no chance to sign with another team ..this is a SHTTY MOVE BY COMPLEXITY MANAGEMENT! and THis fact really needs to be brought to light. ...  Wickd has talked about this before of how new players sign SHT DEALS with SHiTTY teams that dont gaurantee anything but require everything.... ESPECIALLY CONSIDERING HOW VALUABLE BROKENSHARD WAS IN the promotion tournament. WORSE OF ALL....B/C COL Fired Broken... he now has no proof of a job in the US which means he will be denied the VISA he was workign on getting and NOW HE CANT EVEN Tryout for the AMATEUR TEAMS. THIS IS JUST UNREAL AND DISSAPOINTING .. we as  league community need to get behind the players and help them out.   RIOT and other players know just how shtty the COL management is dealing with this.... and alert younger players of how careful they need to be when signing a new contract. also there really needs to be a players union that helps younger players with their contracts and deals
1	Riot does fine for the most part- it's when they introduce elements with no real basis to what they have done before that they really fall short. A good example of this would be Azir, who added a lot of things the game had never seen before or implemented to the extent previously.   League's code base has almost certainly grown substantially since it's infancy, and what they have done with their engine that is now five+ years old is pretty remarkable.   Coding is not as simple as you make it out to be, testing is NOT plug and play,and Riot- contrary to popular belief- is quite human.   Is Kalista passive/Relic Shield a bug? It's not up to you or I to determine that- because the implementation of Kalista's W passive makes sense logically. However, just because something makes logical sense doesn't mean that it feels good to the player.   If Riot feels that the current behavior sucks (I, for what it's worth as an ADC main, feel that it does), then they will change it- and if the changes to how her W damage functions that are on the PBE are to be believed, they are.
0	why are you getting downvoted?   they called it recess in elementary, then "nutrition" in middle school/high school. (for me 1990-2001)   in all 3 schools we had lunch too.
0	I actually learned this while I was studying Latin! Most of the names we have for countries are their fault cause they named whole regions after the tiny tribes they first came in contact with, same reason we say Greek instead of Hellenic and a whole bunch more. The Japan's name not being Nihon or Nippon is slightly more complected, it's the Chinese reading of 日本 (the characters pronounced Nihon meaning sun origin) as heard by the Portuguese sailors who were the first Europeans in the region.
1	You can't go to the grocery store with $20 and buy $25 worth of stuff. The grocery store will also refuse to give you that $5.
0	The same has been said about the "conflicts" the US gets 'involved' with. For whatever reason (corrupt or not), those directing the system aren't going to undo or even slowdown the direction we're heading towards.   I think the problem is literally the system itself; a complex system where secrecy has grown by orders of magnitude; it amplifies its power with technology, money, politicians, weapons and media.
0	Hm. Good points, definitely. However, the link about Ubuntu more has to do with not allowing people to talk about your product (and thereby censor the Internet) compared to preventing products with similar naming from being released. Micah wasn't so much releasing a product as having a discussion about the product and within Free Speech things you can do with it. This is similar to any Windows or other OS help forum.   However, to my understanding, you  do  have to protect your TM against similar products. To go back to my Windows example, if MS let you release an OS called "Macrosoft Windows" without attempting to stop you, 2 things happen. First, MS loses their ability to enforce the TM in the future because the later infringers will be able to say "But they haven't been enforcing this. I can reasonably assert that this has become public domain." This is similar to what happened in the "King Kong" / "Donkey Kong" dilemma in gaming decades ago. The second thing is Macrosoft now has the ability to protect  their  TM against "Windows". This means at best MS can get a piece of the pie if there's a settlement relating to TM infringement, but may also be argued as giving rights / indemnity by not enforcing.   Or is there further misunderstanding that I hold?
1	If you take a look at the math behind who will win, a ranged AD versus a melee AD, the melee will always win. They have better base stats and better scaling. They have to, otherwise nobody would play melee champs: you spend time running up to their AD carry and they still outdamage you. Who would want to play that role?   Teemo's advantage, and that of all ranged champions, is that he has a ranged attack so that you never have to get in melee range of the other champ. He doesn't need to use any abilities to harass Tryn, and if Tryn commits and spins towards him he can blind and run away, hitting move quick if he needs to. If Tryn disengages, you get in another autoattack or two as he's running back with no abilities up.   Teemo would not fight Tryn in melee range unless he has a death wish. You win the lane by autoattacking him every time he goes in for a last hit, blinding and backing off if he commits.   Teemo will destroy Tryn early early early game through the basic nature of a ranged versus a melee matchup. Tryn will have the advantage around 6-7. Teemo will be able to come back and have the upper hand after he gets Frozen Mallet and / or shrooms laid down everywhere, but will likely not be able to kill Tryn thanks to his sustain -- but by late game, getting a kill as solo top is not really the point, is it? In fights, Teemo will blind Tryn removing all damage dealt except for his spin, and use shrooms / frozen mallet to peel him off your squishies.   Saying "hotshot lost versus Tryn as Teemo" doesn't mean Teemo is bad. Of all the champs you could put versus Tryn, Teemo remains consistently one of the best in the game throughout almost all stages.
1	Trash talk is apart of competition. Its in peewee sports all the way up to professionals. Granted the anonymity of online gaming can make the degree of trash talking a little bit more harsh its still apart of the core of any competition. Complaining about it is just fueling the every boy and girl no matter how poor they do, always gets a participation trophy, pussification of America.
1	I started with HoN for about 4 years ago, I and it was an amazing game! But then s2 pretty much destroyed it, every champ they released was OP as fk, there was never any balance at all. And then  dota came and it was just like HoN was during the beta, really amazing,  but after all those years with HoN i quickly grew tired of it and started with LoL instead!
0	All I hear is whining about how you got proven wrong at every front.   I think you don't want to argue with people because you are afraid to be proven wrong, you are afraid to grow, and you are afraid to change. You control how these arguments go for you just as much as others and me do.   So don't get all uppity about your entitlement complex. If you assert a position on the internet, don't get pissy when people tell you its fucking retarded. Even more important is to not just cop out when you are getting shut the fuck down at every comment.
1	This is gonna be a long rant, sorry all. ELO hell is not a place. It's a mindset. Everyone thinks they're in ELO hell. People complaining, trolling, etc is hell. People in different ELO ranges tend to act similarly to each other. They form a mindset for that ELO. If you abuse how your ELO works, you'll climb. I learned that recently. One guy feeding one game cause it's a terrible matchup(ie lee sin vs wukong) doesn't mean youre in ELO hell. Someone will always be better than you. That matchup happened today. I was Lee Sin. Crushed everyone after completely wrecking Wu. 2. This 1350 vs 1350 crap you talked about, yea, no. I'm 875 ELO. I was 800, won 5 games in a row. I duo que, with 1200-1400 Elo friends. I win my lane. A lot. Does that mean my team sucks when I lose? No. I didn't do enough for the team to help them. I've literally gone 39/6/11 or something rather as LB and lost. That's when I stopped blaming my team for everything. Even though I could take out both ad and ap carry before a fight ensued, we'd still lose because I didn't help out enough early game. The whole carry yourself out thing is bs. So is the idea about matching yourself up with others based on common roles. Break the meta, fuck it, or learn to play all roles. That's what I did. I practiced in normals and now I'm back I'm ranked, climbing. Remember how I said abuse the ELO you're in? People in mine like to say top or mid before hello. 1 word. That's all they give. But, if you use positive reinforcement and learn to play any role, people will be happy. No one does this in my range so the other team falls apart quickly and points fingers. I'm usually last pick. I can play any role. I have 85 champs or so. I'm ready for what comes at me. Sorry if I sound like I'm bragging, I'm not. I'm saying learn every role. 5 ad carries aren't gonna cut it. (although 5 support seems to work well). I'm saying ELO is a number. Someone said to me "oh you've been 800 ELO for 5 months trolol". Yup, I was. I didn't touch ranked for several months. I learned every role, how to farm, ward, freeze lanes, counter pick, etc and came back to ranked. I was 575 ELO once. My irl friend dragged me into ranked. I didn't even know what Elo was at the time. We had a dodger. He got put on other team. I completely annihilated him. People have said " oh look last pick is a lol guru" then I carry them because none of THEM wanted to ad carry.
1	I recently started playing again after a long hiatus, and Im kind of dissapointed in the state of bruisers like Mundo, Olaf, Xin Zhao, Skarner, Vladimir, and Irelia. Theyre kind of tanky, kind of do damage, but besides that you just seem like youre walking around a teamfight in circles getting kited to death. On the other hand it is annoying when a guy with 3k hp jumps on you and 3 shots you. I just think the problem is that these guys kits are all at least in some ways Melee DPS and Melee DPS doesnt work, so we have to try and make these pseudo tanks just to last 3 seconds in a teamfight. Its broken fundamental mechanics.
0	That's exactly what you did, the best
0	Student in audio engineering and computer science here.  You're actually a bit wrong.  The easiest way to understand why modems make that noise is to compare it to an audio sync technique called Longitudinal Time Code (LTC).   LTC syncs analog tape machines together using an audio signal which is translated into SMPTE time code.  Don't worry about understanding that too much though.  The main point is that LTC used a square wave while the receiving end listens to that square wave and translates it into binary code.   You know what a square wave [looks like](  How they have shelves on the top and bottom.  LTC listens to that square wave and whenever it hears a specific pattern of the wave it equates that to a 1.  The other pattern would be a 0. It is actually that simple.  Once you have things in terms of 1s and 0s you can do almost anything with binary.   [This website]( explains LTC much more in depth.  I'm showing LTC instead of dial up because it is much more simple to understand, but the idea is still the same.   If you played a LTC as an actual audio track you would hear a very fast clicking sound and it would sound somewhat similar to dial up noise.
0	The person that writes the article has a point. Read the comments that follow the article, there you can see the people that deserve your hate.   Comments like:  " You are paying for service "  - Then include a service charge or price the food higher.  " If you cant tip then cook at home " - I can tip if the service merits it, this tipping automatically is for the birds.  " The whole point of going to a restaurant where a server brings you your food is to pay extra for the extra customer service " - Wrong, I go to resturants for the food.  " your probably just mad because people at high end restaurants probably make as much as you and we don’t need degrees to do this " - Well lucky that you work at a place where the food is expensive and you live in a society that automatically tips 10-15%. If I go out and pay $600 for a meal with wine in a good resturant, does that merit 60-100 dollars extra just for the person that brought me my food. I would rather tip the kitchen for making an awesome meal.
0	Personally I wouldn't want to live forever. Think about it, sure you'll be able to see what the far future would look like but as time goes on so does evolution. What if human evolve into some sort of super-human far down the line... what does that mean for you as an immortal? Well that basically means that you, as the last surviving homo-sapient will be regarded as a freak-show and an incredible anomaly within nature. You'll probably be subject to an infinite amount of experiments, and not the good kind. Perhaps you'll even be in a cage in a travelling circus.   Plus, you'll have to watch all of your family members die. Every single one of your loved ones will age and eventually wither away. To me this sounds like a miserable existence...
1	All you're saying is that you don't like smurfs. That's cool, I think they are bad for the game too. Don't make boxbox seem like he's the only one that is smurfing. Yes, buying accounts is bad.
0	This is no joke! So, in December I was walking down a mere 6 steps leading to a line of stone steps that crossed the yard to the house. BUT WAIT! I was drunk. BUT WAIT! It was storming and flooding. Seems dangerous? Rewind two weeks prior; clear, beautiful night and I'm drunk... I take 5 steps, BAM! Ground. Sprained ankle.   Now, back to the "present:" lighting and thunder and HOLDING my phone as a flashlight and 'A Storm of Swords' MISS the last step again :( and now permant injury to my ankle :( I've been training for a 5k recently and I kinda feel as though its been helping my ankle and back problems!
1	It looks like teams have figured out how to beat TSM easily. All they have to do is go on Dyrus early because he always overextends early. This game was just a stomp and I honestly feel bad for TSM. TSM definitely worked hard this season and really wanted to win, they were unlucky being in group A against the 2 best teams atm.   I think a clear weakness TSM has is communication, you can tell by their plays. They need to really work on communicating better and their decision making. I'm hoping TSM learns from this and works even harder towards S4 instead of fighting/blaming each other, I don't really want to see any of them benched. I'm really glad they were smiling and laughing at the end of the game.   On another note; Holy shit LoveLin is a beast. I'm sure Trick2g had tears in his eyes Hawhaw'ing his ass off to the bank.   Omg is looking unstoppable right now, I hope one of the teams in the quarterfinals can give them a run for their money. Maybe even SKT can pull out a win tomorrow against them. Either way, it's looking like the quarterfinals are going to have some amazing games.
1	Sounds like a way to bench regi w/o actually benching regi.  Sounds good to me!  He's good for the team, but his actual play has been leaving much to be desired.  TSM is one of the best teams in north america and as such need to be able to compete at a global level -- unfortunately the assassin heavy mid leaves regi squashed so often early/mid game.   People rave about faker and the eu mids, and in order to compete with them you have to be on the same level with them.  Unfortunately Regi is not.
0	College Board is not for profit.   I'm going to call bullshit: "Consumer rights organization Americans for Educational Testing Reform (AETR) has criticized College Board for violating its non-profit status through excessive profits and exorbitant executive compensation; nineteen of its executives make more than $300,000 per year, with CEO Gaston Caperton earning $1.3 million in 2009 (including deferred compensation).[10][11] AETR also claims that College Board is acting unethically by selling test preparation materials, directly lobbying legislators and government officials, and refusing to acknowledge test-taker rights.[12]"
0	Well, ok. If you insist :)   One small note. Please don't take this as  the  definitive answer. For that you should go to the in depth explanation on the Danish Department of Education's home page, which is where I got my information a long time ago (combined with having been graded using this system).   Firstly you have a bunch of grades that are supposed to be used under normal circumstances: 6 - 7 - 8 - 9 - 10 - 11.   These are the ones supposed to represent the grades most people will get. People in a class are supposed to be graded on a curve and since most will fall at or around the middle (the grade 8), the scale needs to be a bit more fine grained here. Not everyone will be equally good at everything, so being a little better at one thing will equal being a little better at something else and your average grade will still be 8. As I stated before, 11 represent a complete and thoroughly comprehensive, correct answer.   The outliers are removed from the middle of the bell curve by quite a bit: 0 - 3 - 13. Let's start with the low scores.   0 is only supposed to be given to people who show absolutely no signs of understanding any of what the class had to offer. If you show in any way, that you have learned something relevant to the class, then you should not be given a 0 (the higher you get in the level of education, the more this absolute minimum gets). A 3 is given to people, who show severe deficiencies in their understanding of the material they are supposed to have learned - much more so than the "needs a lot/bit more work"-grades 6 &amp;amp; 7.   The reason why 0 and 3 are so far removed from the middle grades are that the grading system is developed for the Danish education system where (and please correct me if I mistakenly use the wrong terms here - not an expert on the American system) everything from kindergarten up to and including high school (if this is the step just before enrolling in a university) is meant partly as a way to... hmm, hard to explain... make you a whole person. By this I mean, that you are forced to take classes that are not your strongest side (like music, basic art, politics, religion and a couple of languages even though you might only really love physics and know you want to be a physicist). This is so that people get a full education making them more than just a one-trick pony and more of a fully functioning citizen.   Back to the explanation. If you get a 0 or a 3 it severely drags down your entire grade average and does so to indicate that this student has problems that needs to be addressed. This is to stop students from only focusing on the things they like and to strongly encourage them work on learning about the things that they also need to learn but might be harder for them or just interest them less. If you want a grade average worth anything, you will not want any 0's or 3's.   The 13 is meant only to be given for doing better than 100%. This grade was removed because very few in America understood this term so it unfairly put all Danish students, who wanted to study in the states, at a disadvantage. Americans only looked at "what is your country's top score" and did not understand that 11 was an A and 13 was "turning your hat in to a space canoe and paddling to the moon"-exceptional. So when trying to gain entry into american universities Danish students would have a very hard time for not having paddled to the moon enough times. So to speak.   In math/physics tests (and others like it) where you have a set of questions that can only be answered correctly or incorrectly, there will always be a bit more included than you are supposed to be able to answer. That way you can get a 13 even though you "only" answered everything correctly.   Small note: multiple choice is rarely to never used here. I have never encountered nor heard of people being given a test which included multiple choice parts for an exam.   13 is also not as far removed from the middle grades because being a wunderkind at speaking French and English doesn't mean that you get to ignore your math skills. Once you get to the university and choose what to study yourself, you are supposed to understand all aspects of the field you are studying and not just one part of it. Makes sense.
1	She does lots of damage? Well yea, that's why they nerfed her. She doesn't farm that much better than other melee assassins. Talon W, Panth E, Fizz E, Eve can spam Q, Kat W, etc. They all have something to farm with.   Her farming well wasn't the problem, her damage was. So instead of nerfing damage or ratio's (which would be bad,  nerf base damage to encourage building more offense, leave ratio's the same ) they nerf the range on her chase tool and on her CC. People will deal damage with her ult now, instead of chasing. People won't chase with her E because the range is very low now, it wasn't as big as the animation for it already, now it's lower.   People will just QWRRE and then autoattack until they die. Her combo used to be Q then drop W and then R to them, then E if they run and if they still get away then R again. Her R was used to chase, it deals minimal damage compared to most other ult's except Akali's. Akali doesn't spam all three uses of her R for damage, she uses them to chase, to juke, to get away, to gank.
1	Let me reply to your replies:   > This is also an inaccurate statement.   Obviously I can give nothing but innacurate statements since I have no access to riot's source code and such. But given their bugs history, you can more or less guess about what's happening if you're smart.   > They had a logout button and it worked.   Sure, 4 years ago? When LoL was in beta? When their launcher was totally different from the one we got now?   > This is also an incorrect statement. Sarcasm, perhaps.   WOW, NO SHIT, SHERLOCK, I'll make sure to bring my sarcasm sign next time for you.   > of all the programs you have programmed how many are used by millions world wide? O right, zero.   Said a guy with zero programs being used by millions world wide XDD  How do I know? Easy, because if you were to be working for a big company like Google/Microsoft/Apple/etc you would have started saying it.   > try not being so negative   Said the guy who started first saying:   > People just like to whine about it until it becomes a pitch fork mob. Or maybe you have a bad computer filled with malware that just crashes all the time   Also, about this:   > IDK, I have never had one single login error crash the client in the years I have been playing.   That only proves that you're not playing on EUW.
1	And he could still finish within four years even with taking breaks, unless you mean for some reason they need to be consecutive years. I can't imagine that would be an issue for the places I have worked.   Yes I meant consecutive years.  Let me put it this way: you have one open position left, who are you going to hire: The academic beast that finished his bachelors in 3 years, or the hippie that wanted to explore his spiritual side so took a break to backpack around Mexico for two years before finishing his degree.  They may be equal in ability, but one appears way more motivated by his or her career.   >For where I am at, they care way more about experience, interest in the job and success at school. If anything finding someone with unique life experiences is a big plus. It shows they are willing to be dedicated to what they are passionate about and that they have had experiences which can widen their perspective.   While I agree that traveling/life experience can be a big plus, It's hard to sell a unique traveling experience as a plus if they don't even call you in for an interview :-/.  The sad fact is employers have to weed out/throw out resume's based on things like: GPA, time to finish, etc. so they can narrow a job with 100 applicants down to 10 interviews.
1	When I was in Silver and Gold I would try and win my lane as much as possible. If you play consistently well then you will climb. You will have some games that are unwinnable but in the long run it should all work out. I would try and take control of the game when I played. Telling people what to do and such (be as nice as possible not obviously telling someone what to do...you know what i mean). For objective control is kind of a gut instinct or knowing when you will win a fight and when it is smart to do it minimize the risk, raise the reward. I have a lot more advice but alas i dont want to give everyone an essay in the comment section. Message me if you want more advice the biggest thing is wanting to improve. BTW I'm D1 atm :) Best of Luck
1	You must be one of those guys that can only identify guns as AK-47's and M4's. I am sorry to break this to you but that is definitely not an OBVIOUS interpretation, the only thing that even reminds of the AK. T "Resistance Caitlyn skin looks similar to Natasha Volkova, a soviet commando from the Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 video game". Second being that AK-47 does not wear a scope and that there are many other things you could sample instead of just the AK-47 which the artist probably did. He probably sampled Soviet weapons like the SVT the AVS-36 and Dragunov  he was probably inspired by the AK a little for the magazine and the body of the gun itself there are other guns that resemble it way more.
1	There is a difference between AFK and disconnecting.   Disconnecting is due to uncontrollable circumstances.  Also there is a person behind the screen, people have lives too. Unless it is clear that they left the game with full intent because they simply didn't want to carry on then  yeah, I agree with you.
1	I apologize for saying this, but just by looking at your build for him, you have no idea what you're doing.   Bork? Trinity? You're mixing burst with sustained damage there for the first part, and no armor pen, which is something new Rengar desperately needs even more than old Rengar. Not to mention you have no damage due to going bork on him. Nice for kiting and catching up to someone with the active, but that's about it, you're better off just going ghostblade if you're looking for catch actives, plus it gives you the AS you keep implying is important as well as armor pen.   I will agree that his W is overall better due to how much it heals around and the fact you get around 40 defensive stats if you hit two people mid-lategame now, but his E is incredibly difficult to lane if you aren't on top of someone or right behind someone chasing them, which really changes nothing from when it was used before they reworked it, even though I will say that I love seeing the animation fly out now from time to time.   And no, his Necklace has not been buffed in every way, I will admit it is nice not losing all your stacks because someone got away with a sliver of health, but still, I would still much prefer 10 armor pen and CDR at three stacks than mobi boots with less speed, or the fact that at max stacks you basically half your ult un-nerfed, not buffed as far as I'm concerned. Oh, and I almost forgot, you don't get an actual lategame trinket unless you sell it and buy a real trinket.   And seriously, his ult has been buffed? While the cd has been reduced, I think...(I've been using cdr runes since the rework, I don't know if it's from my side or the rework side), but you had nearly every other part of it nerfed since you can't run away with it anymore unless your opponents are braindead and can't figure out you're going to the nearest bush to jump on one of their asses.
0	I've had my ass grabbed by a man . . . and it was okay to everyone around us.  He complimented me on my firmness, but I was flexing my ass.   So,
1	I dont think it is a sport, but that doesnt make it any less official or legit. Trying to push eSports as a sport is just going to alienate a huge number of diehard athletic sports fans, I think its a much better idea to just let eSports evolve naturally and let the massive viewerbase and prize  pools speak for themselves.   If we try to force it into classic sports channels like espn its just going to piss off a whole lot of people, while not really affecting the people who already watch it on their computers. Which is the wrong way to go about getting people to accept something that is already reasonably stigmatised.
0	That whole notion that Liberal is better than managing the country/ economy than Labour is a misnomer, and if you look back through history, it really doesn't pan out.   Overall, Government takes too much credit for successes and too little blame for failures. Take Howard- he banged on about being able to keep interest rates low, but they spiked on him.   Its a lot like real estate salesmen: when the market is up and they sell a lot, they brag about how great they are, how they achieved high prices, how quick they sold, all because of them.  When they aren't selling, when prices are low, they just blame the market. There's no mention of their skills and value then, is there?   The other thing is, all parties are essentially singing to the same tune. The research done & recommendations put forward into policy & economic reform is independent, and you can bet that within a decade or two, every one will have been adopted, regardless of who was in power.  They'll sell it as if its their idea/ initiative, and the opposition will fight it, but they all know what is going to happen. The mining tax would have gone in if Liberals had been in power, perhaps in a slightly different guise. The GST was introduced under Howard, remember? Labour deregulated the banks (something rather right-wingish to do), etc. etc. etc.   For all the opposition, there is little, if any, fundamental difference.
1	As jinx early on when she was released I got really far ahead in lane with about 5 kills and 2 assists, and was far outfarming the enemy cait. Our top and mid were both holding their own but at about 13 minutes in our jungler starts making some really bad decisions amd gets caught out multiple times, sometimes costing lives with him. At 20 mins he starts surrender vote and when we didnt say yes he rage quit. My support and top (both friends) held our lanes and the mid (the junglers friend) decided to hang on with us. They pushed us back to our base but we aced our outkilled them in teamfights for 35 minutes, even managing to take an inhib before they finally killed us. The twisted fate mid also asked us to report his friend and I added him, really awesome guy and we all joked in chat about going down fighting the whole time.
0	the word itself isn't racist, its how people perceive it. while the denotations of words generally stay constant, the connotations change dramatically with the context and general usage. there are plenty of words that have changed their meaning and offensiveness over the years. i think the most ridiculous part of this whole thing is that black people are "allowed" to use it while white people "aren't". it just seems like another form of segregation and a limit on free speech.
1	who cares man? I have had like 3 or 4 different reddit accounts over the past few years, and post in a lot of the major subs, and on each account my highest rated comment is always some stupid snarky comment that took no thought, or a post about how I got a BJ from some girl I used to date. I got over 2k comment karma from a story on this account about my room mate banging a 16 year old and how she tried to blackmail him.   the reason your well thought out comments don't get a lot of karma is because nobody cared about it, or it was buried too far, or it was
0	Its funny how much culture informs how 'intimate' something is.  I have been in communities where a hug is the most basic form of decency as normal and important as "hello" "please" and "thank you". I have been in communities where a high five or a hand shake is "a little forward don't you think".  I have been in places where men hold hands as a sign of friendship and men and women never touch except in the most intimate of moments.   There are places in the world where PDA is a punishable offense, and places where it is expected if you are to show you are a couple.
1	Just because you win a game with a bad build doesn't mean it's good.   People win games all the time with bad builds, but rarely do people try to perpetuate it as "a good buy".   I would hate for some people to think your idea of a "decent build" is worth building, when I would say 10/10 times there is a better item you should buy instead.   Edit: This is not like building Triforce Malphite top or Ice Born Gauntlet on Kass or Nidalee, you are building an item that  deliberately  wastes a large portion of the gold value for stats other items offer. Its not a "shortcut" for certain stats, it doesn't save you money, it doesn't "give you everything you need".   Its like buying Gunblade on Vlad.   You can sit there and tell me about all the bursts and how the Active is super sweet since its a low cd, but you are  wasting  too many of the stats and you could just buy WoTA, Zhonyas, SV, or literally most other AP items instead and it would be a better buy.   No one is going to tell you Gunblade is worthless on Vlad, it just isn't the item you should buy (even if its 5th). There are better choices.
0	Tell me about it. Should have just said.....
0	Yup, I used to think that they were all real stories until a certain comic. Ever since this one dentist rage comic about being about to understand gibberish, I've been very skeptical about comic posts. The OP of the comic admitted that it was fake.   My innocence was shattered. To actually think people sit around and think of stories to make rage comics about was not something I did not think of.   I am waiting for the "You really think someone would do that, just go on the internet and tell lies?" picture.
0	The butt hurt is strong on reddit. To all the people saying hide this, hide that, you control your front page...hide this meme. Republicans are racist, I'm not liberal, I'm libertarian, liberals hate jesus, jesus isnt real, yes he is, no he isnt, where is the proof, its right here, thats not proof, you cant disprove him, yes i can, no you cant, you cant prove he does exist, yes i can, no you cant, its right here, you're gay, that's offensive, stop being racist, I said gay, that's still racist, Reddit chooses what it wants to be, reddit is more neutral depending on the subreddit...blah blah blah. saying reddit is neutral is like saying fox news is fair and balanced and CNN let republicans have their say in leftist matters. There are definitely clear cut boundaries and some of those areas have wide ranging membership whereas others...well, they don't have a great membership within the confines of reddit. Whoa, reddit is its own entity! No, it conforms just like all other media to a very clear cut label. We don't believe in labels. Yes we do, everything is labeled on reddit! Its only labeled based on its content! But most stuff still conforms, no it doesn't! -The Mind of a Drunk Perusing Reddit, Who Will Wake Up With Either Mass Amounts of Upvotes or Downvotes (or None At All, No One Can Accurately Predict the Hive Mind that is Reddit) With a Typical Comment Response Below it Pointing Out Level of Intelligence, in this Case a Low Level of Intelligence, With Other Typical Comment Saying He Just Wants Upvotes (or Downvotes, Depending On Whether Some Calls Him a Downvote Loving Troll) Then of Course the Critique Comment Using Sources or the "You Know, it isn't Really Unpopular, Just Your Own Opinion. You Are Entitled to it." And the Ever Loving Comment "Yeah, I'm Not Reading this Mass, Too Much Information (or, Depending: I Could Tell it Would Be Unintelligent From the First Sentence), So Instead Ill Tell You... (30 Lines Later) So in My Conclusion, Reddit is Reddit and You are Dumb. The End. Ill call this book "I read the first few comments of the front page top topic."   And Then Of Course the Parentheses Police, I Don't Care if you are Drunk, Use Correct Grammar!
0	AP classes are alright, but in general I think dual enrollment at a college/university is more beneficial.  You can get a lot more college credit that way, especially if it is a quarter system, and tuition is usually waived.  There are often scholarships available for books, too.  And spending a couple years in the college environment prior to graduating highschool/moving out does wonders for independence and adjusting to the university environment.   I had the option of taking AP classes in high school, but instead I did two years at community college.  Got about 80 credit hours, graduated high schoo, finished my AA over the summer at the community college, and transferred to University just using that college credit -- never even had to turn in high school transcripts, SAT scores, anything.
0	Do you actually ask them out?   Seriously. Just ask them out.   Don't be creepy, don't be annoying.  Don't  wait so long that they only really think of you as a friend and miss your intention when you ask the question. Just go with "hey would you like to get a coffee some time?" (or dinner or a movie or whatever). If they say yes? Maybe it goes somewhere. If they say no, move on.   If you are asking them out and always being told no? Look at yourself. Seriously. What are your flaws and what can you fix? Are you unattractive? 95% of 'unattractive' people become vastly more attractive if they eat healthy and exercise. Years ago when I was in my final year of my degree, "health" was not something I was real concerned about. Late nights, shitty food and no exercise? I weighed in at about 110kg. Now I'm no model, but I can tell you I'm far more attractive at my current weight of around 80kg than I was then.   Doesn't just apply to fat people either. Do you look after yourself and your appearance? Do you dress well and appropriately for your body type? Do you groom yourself properly? A decent haircut and a shave will do wonders - if you can rock a beard attractively then cool, otherwise lose it. Get input from your female friends about what works for you, I'm sure they'll be happy to help.   No problems physically? Ask your real friends - the ones who will give honest answers: "What are my annoying personality traits?". We all have them and usually people learn to accept them, but people who wear them on their sleeves tend to be the ones nobody can stand. I for example have a bad habit of lecturing people (see: this post). I do it in real life, all the time. My friends don't overly care, but if I'm meeting new people I do make a point of reining it in a bit.. because I don't want one of my more annoying habits to be my first impression.   The
1	Now obviously Riot is making money but I hesitate to base any opinion of them based on their finances.  Since they are a private company we don't know their revenue so lets do some quick and dirty math.   A lot of people in this game don't buy anything which means for Riot they are straight losses and every time they log in it costs Riot money.   Lets say it costs .5 cents per hour to run a server for one person (this is not a real number and its probably lower than this but for easy math). Every 40 hrs played it costs Riot $20 per person who doesn't buy anything   For someone who buys one $10 dollar purchase of rp every 40hrs on average Riot loses 10$ per person.   Now lets say you have a person who buys 30$ of rp every 40hrs Riot will gain $10 per person.   Riot lives off of the whales as the gambling industry calls them.  These people will earn Riot say $100 bucks every 40hrs which covers the costs of 5 people who never pay a dime.   Take Riot putting money into E-Sports.  I guarantee that Riot has a graph that shows a huge spike in play time and purchases after LCS, Worlds, OGN, etc.  I personally would not be playing this game nearly as much if I wasn't watching LCS.  So while E-Sports costs quite a bit I know that Riot can see a correlation between spikes in purchases/ play time and LCS.
1	I played a few games with fiddle tonight, and I was still able to do well. He was nerfed kinda hard, but he's nowhere near bad, he's still able to stay in lane almost indefinitely. I found that I had to be more cautious at early 1v1s but I still punished any melee who tried to commit to getting a few swings in on me with my drain.   The change to dark wind makes early game harass much easier, especially duo-laining bottom. It hurts his farming though, and gives you more reason to prioritize  Q over E. You won't be able to clear a wave with it late game, but he has an easier time getting the three back caster minions early.   I really didn't notice much of a difference in his ability base damage and ratio changes, other than E hitting harder at rank 5. I was still able to deal a ton of early game damage and win my lane with few problems.   -That's what my first 6 matches of the night looked like, going 10/0/20 taking ignite/flash and runing Mpen reds, flat AP quints, armor/flat HP yellows and MR blues. Started with a D ring and then just built into deathcap and hourglass.
0	don't worry dude. There is nothing nefarious or crazy about that. It's cliché but true: girls tend to feel that way faster than guys. At worst maybe she feels she likes you a bit more than she really does. Nothing to be concerned about, she sounds great actually.   And don't feel that you must absolutely return the words, because that would be dishonest and neither of you would gain from that (think short term vs -possibly!- longer term gain.
0	I am both a meat-eater and pro-choice atheist/agnostic, but philosophically this area of the "don't force your belief on others" really disturbs me.   Imagine some science fiction story, where the normal main character is transported to a small society in which many of the people think it's okay to commit murder.  I'm not talking about Logan's Run type scenarios where people are expected to surrender their own life in certain conditions - victims are still horrified and want to live/escape/fight back.  Just our usual societal assumption that murder is awful has been absent from these people.   Now our "hero" arrives in this society, and after learning how they operate, shrugs and lets them go on killing each other without even speaking up to disagree.  Are you really cheering, saying "way to go dude, don't force your beliefs on anyone!"   Back to reality. I get that you disagree with their belief, but if they  have  that belief (abortion is murder, eating meat is murder, etc.) then isn't the real "good guy/girl" thing "try to stop these horrible murders from being committed" ?
0	Not crazy.  Absolutely not.   I grew up in rural Iowa and gun safety was taught in the home.   I was not allowed to point even toy guns at people as a little kid and was taught the safety rules for firearms before I was ten.   I have noticed a lot of "city" people in this country have absolutely no exposure to responsible gun culture.   Their only experience with firearms is the violence they see on TV.   So I do not think you are crazy for thinking someone should need some formal training to own a firearm.  We are crazy as a society for thinking the right to bear arms can be divorced from the responsibility to ensure that every citizen understands the basic safety rules of firearms handling.
1	Not that DaGhost is properly illustrating the fact, but if I remember correctly, after the first few steam sales, Gaben produced some graphs and stats showing that the net profit from the sale was greater, because way more people bought the games. I think a lot of the games industry operates with far too high costs due to old models based on how expensive electronics were back in the day.   Skins play into this; I bet if Riot halved the prices of all of the skins, they'd get more than double the sales to compensate. I really want to deck out my cho'gath as a gentleman, but I'm not going to pay $13 to do so. I've spent somewhere between $30-40 dollars on Riot products thus far, so I'm not opposed to buying things from them, and in fact, I think it's a great business model, they just need to work on the pricing. Think about it: If nocturne had been ~$5 at release, how many of you would have bought him? I would have GLADLY paid the price of a sandwich for maokai when he first came out.
1	I really think people need to calm down calling this change a horrible/stupid mistake on riot's end. I feel this is a change that will work out better in the long run.   Honestly, they want to make the game less farm oriented for laners but more about having choices. I wanna see more people roaming and getting kills and taking advantage of that AFK farming Karthus/Anivia/Zyra. I hate seeing pure farm lanes.   This will also allow more interaction between the lanes and greater emphasis on dragon control, and with a lot of the new jungler items we could see a lot more crazy things coming out from teams b/c of a change in gold income for laners.
1	This guy is right as far as I see it. An AP-Champion was never designed to deal sustained damage but to be able burst some1 so fast he can't be usefull in a teamfight. Due to AP not Scaling as hard as AD into late (an ADCarry deals the same "burst" the caster deals with his first few autos in late). Since S3 changed resistances it favors high basedamages that get combined with penetratrion and enough tankyness to do that for a looong time. The Math of this guy seem ok so far. And yes voidstaff + Sorcboots+ guise = OP dmg. What you bot don't take into credit is, that most APs add more utility to their team(e.g. Ori) than ADs(e.g. Kha'zix) and those AD's are MEELEE = easier targetable.
1	Well, I for one had only good experience with it... ever since the video, i somehow felt like it would be fun to try out and it sure is :P i like ori alot, very good AP, but her AP didnt amaze me as much as for me to buy her, and then the video came, and i was like "why the F not".. went 5/0/11 first game (ye sry, only normal draft).. had 2 more afterwards just to not blame everything on bad play from enemies, and then i tried it out in ranked and ppl just were not managing my early game for some reason... anyone here may theorycraft about it as much as they want, but from my experience so far (around 20-30 games) i only say that it made tons of fun and it certainly wasn't so bad at all, even against those spooky graves/corki lanes... her AA animation just feels good and the shield makes me usually win trades alot.   All in all she is great fun (and i think that's what playing should be about) and played well can get you higher in elo (ye, im just 1600+, but just sayin... IMHO) but is definitely not suited for tournament play or whatsoever.. but then again, i don't think this is what OP is aiming for, and to your Edit: yes, i do not see her as trollpick aswell, if u do your best, it's k
1	just because they will be only asian teams left does not mean it will be boring and it will be a stomp. please don't lose hope on the remaining western teams and be it that 2 samsung teams fight each other it will be really entertaining as the last time they fought together in OGN it was really close. If ever shield becomes the winner of the other side of the bracket expect the finals not to be a stomp and if it would be either chinese teams let's hope they will redeem themselves as china's performance as a whole is not that great.
1	Building a lead and snowballing is COMPLETELY VIABLE, and is actually more so possible now than pre patch 3.14.   You dont gain less of an advantage when you kill an inhib, you gain the advantage you SHOULD have been getting all along.   Ward clearing can still be done very effeciently, just not as quickly, there IS a difference.   Not even going to touch this one... its been asked/explained to death.   Free wards because people in this game suck and its not the supports job to be a wardbot.   Having good map awareness is even MORE rewarding now that it was previously.   Riot isnt forcing a meta by fixing things that are inherently broken in their game.
1	Well it's clear with the removal of DFG that everyone is tired of bullshit, one-shot champions.  I don't mind if veigar gets buffed if it turns out that these changes do indeed make him unplayable, but having that much damage without a single skillshot was bullshit (you use w when they're stunned...you could argue that his e was a weird skill shot but even if so that's still basically "get hit with veigar stun and die" for the opponent).  Seriously, fuck people that play these champions designed for 6 year olds.  I am personally a huge advocate of this change, even if it's too large a nerf and he needs a buff to compensate (I'd also be willing to listen to an argument for making the delay on E 0.5 s or something like that).
0	I see what you mean, but rather I had meant that being overweight and smoking are both extremely unhealthy. I should have elaborated on that, sorry. I mean there is truly a difference between overweight amd healthy. For example, take two people 6' 210 lbs. One is mainly muscle, one is mainly fat, there will be a considerable difference in health and fitness. Also, being dangerously underweight would also be considered equally dangerous.
0	That's because none of the arguments you've made actually include examples of awareness-raising accomplishing something.   In the first one here, you're just describing the planning stages of voting or not voting for certain people based on an issue.  The planning and discussing part is not what makes this effective.  The action that follows it is.  An easy way to tell is that such a campaign would be pointless in the absence of a democratic government- Stalin was very  aware  of dissenters with fully thought-out and practical economic ideas in the USSR, and that didn't exactly inform his policies on anything but the prison system   In the second one, you're describing an appeal for funds to perform an action (political lobbying, medical research, doesn't matter, it all takes cash). Simply letting people know that a problem exists and there are people who have ideas about solving, that is to say, an awareness campaign, simply would not constitute what you're talking about.   Invisible Children is an awareness campaign, which is why they have accomplished exactly nothing in regards to the issue of child soldiers and, indeed, do not even operate in areas where that problem still exists.
1	Good Waveclear     Strong lvl 6 - wins most of all ins at lvl 6.     Gank and roam potentional     Good escape (also good for baits).     Charm.     True DMG on Q.     Her Passive.
0	The DNC list is helpful, but companies always find ways around it. For instance, I worked at a call center contracted to BoA (Bank of America). I sold privacy assist complete to people with BoA credit cards. If they asked to be put on the list, we had to tell them it could take up to 30 days for them to be put on the list, which means we would still be allowed and able to call them. THEN, there's also a little loophole that basically allows BoA to ignore the DNC list. Simply put, if you ask to be put on the DNC, then at any point after that you used your credit card, you would be removed from the DNC list. A vicious cycle that I had irate customers on my ass about every day. I used to just talk to people for as long as possible so I didn't have to take more calls. Complain to them about how terrible BoA was/is, etc. Fun times..
1	best thing that ever happend to me!
1	Ehm...I don't know to put this.I had a 6 month expirience to League and I got placed to Silver IV.I had to drop lol for a month for the crap I was getting in ranked (And normals),and go over a 700 normal games to be able to singehandedly carry my self to Gold.I play in EUNE.   This may sound harsh or hard on you,but sincerely,I dispute the 89% of the Silver/Bronze community just because they are just a bunch of spoiled brats who are way too fed up to look on their own mistakes and are always looking for mistakes on others to blame their own failure. The rest of 1% can have my advice,my insight or whatever I have to offer to make them better and get them out of there. But sincerely,as a former silver player that spent a lot of time in there,I just hope you rot in there cause you DESERVE to be there,and I have the freaking right to look down on you as much as I want cause,yes in my eyes,you are trash. Some people actually spend time and resources to improve.While all you do is ramble how your teams suck and OTHERS are trash.
1	Thanks for the info, everybody. Keep this alive so Ori can feel the love :)  2 main concerns at this point:     I've seen "rush catalyst" and "get 1-2 doran's rings", although the majority do recommend RoA, and I've been getting it, does me pretty well to have that survivability once I'm level 10ish. Is it worth getting dRings before catalyst (read: in what situations should I consider which?)     What item should I pursue after rabs? Currently I go boots1, RoA, merc treads or sorc shoes, and then rabs. I've only played 4-5 games with her so far, but I've started zhonya's after rabs most of those. That doesn't feel right, unless I really need the armor/active, and so far I haven't needed it during mid-game.
0	Very well written piece. I completely forgot about the
1	Criticism will always be there. Everybody has their own point of view which should be expressed. However, just like Wickd said, flaming should not. Pros are humans, and so are we. Why would we want to harm the pros? What do we gain from it? Right.   Nothing.   And it's not just the pros it's hurting. It breaks my heart to see how people flame the pros for their mistakes. It's just not human. Every human being makes mistakes, and we all learn from them. We can criticize those mistakes, give our own opinion, but not in the way some people are getting threated right now.
0	I was at a party a while ago and a friend brought his girlfriend from Oslo, Norway; everyone else went to the same school in California. Apparently no one else there was interested in talking to her and she was just standing alone, visibly uncomfortably in the darkest part of the room. I walked up and asked her what was wrong and she said, "nobody here is interested in anybody's unique experience, or where i came from. no one will ask me questions, or even bother to figure out how to say my name correctly."   I guess most people I know get uncomfortable when they have to ask people to repeat things. She has a thick accent and an unusual (for an American) name. I think the main difference between myself and most people I know is that I am not embarrassed to ask people to repeat themselves if I don't understand them the first time they say things. I am legitimately curious as to our social differences, and having a language and/or cultural barrier makes me all the more interested in finding a common ground. It sucks when someone won't take the time to TRY to understand where you're coming from, or even put in the effort to pronounce your first name.
0	No; yourself for not having the self confidence to post it in r/Politics. All I am saying is, if I was in your position, I'd be embarrassed for hiding in another subreddit to voice your complaints rather than go to the subreddit you are complaining about.
1	IceFrog is the sole balancer of Dota 2, so unless they had him working on New Bloom and the map textures, his work schedule was not influenced by them at all.   6.84 has been huge though, I agree it is a bit late and a 6.83d could have been nice, but it wasn't as if heroes in the competitive scene were incredibly imbalanced.   >The same argument applies to dota as well. How often do you read patch notes on /dota2 and go "oh, it's just cosmetics, tickets, and bugfixes?"   Again, because of how different they do their patches. Valve doesn't even need to actually make cosmetics, they just need to test and approve them. What he's been saying is Riot has considerably more manpower and yet content is still comparable.   >Second, this exists   And it is an immortal/removed  because  of the backlash. That's why we don't have mummies dressed up as cakes.   >every time there's a sexy cosmetic for a female character added into dota 2 everyone says "we league of legends now" and act like every female champ league releases is that way   It's pretty much a meme and I don't know people actually take it seriously.   People might be playing Dota because they don't like how cartoony League looks and that is a legitimate concern to them.   >No one seems to care that Valve takes an absurd 75% cut in everything that is sold in their store, including tournament tickets where the TOs actually end up with no money from their sales because of the 25% that is theirs, most of it is given to the prize pool and the set creators for the ticket.   I agree, Valve could be more generous to content creators, but for most players, they only care if the heroes are monetized. I hate it when people bring it up for League, but Dota is a true free to play game. They are clearly making a lot of profit out of the game and I really don't mind because it means I can continue playing.   I'd love to see content creators/pros make more, but that's not very high up in the list of what I am concerned with.   >Riot might be currently charging for Chromas, but at least they released more then one special game mode in the past year, and none of them were absolute shit and horrifically pay-to-win on top of that.   I hate how the New Bloom was practically pay-to-win, but to some extent I don't give a fuck - it's a fun mode and winners get cosmetics. It doesn't affect MMR, it's like paying to get more cosmetics in a pure sense. I really hope new gamemodes don't follow New Bloom's path, but all I care about is normal Dota. I honestly wouldn't mind if they make fun gamemodes even less frequent because Dota in itself is extremely fun for me.   Sure URF and Snowdown weren't pay-to-win and pretty fun, but the game itself is pay-to-win/pay-to-gain-an-advantage. That's what I hate about. Despite all the pay-to-win crap Valve gave us, at least it doesn't affect normal games.   >no Valve support besides cosmetics and Valve throwing $1000000 at a couple tournaments in a year.   True, and I do criticize them when it is brought up, that they appear to not the attention the games/pro scene needs. Some might say it's apparent they've improved a lot in implementing Majors in both CS:GO and Dota in the future. Balance patches in CS:GO sometimes don't make sense. Maybe it's just a blessing how Dota has Icefrog. They clearly don't communicate enough and they could learn from Riot to some extent.   But if you ask me if I would rather have a game/game dev with functionality and little communication OR a game with a shitty client but a good PR department, I would definitely choose the former.   >When Valve fucked up the drop system so you could play 10 games and never see anyone get a drop, people got upset, but now that it is fixed it's never brought up. Meanwhile people are still shitting on Riot for stuff they did over 4 years ago.   >Despite all these things, public perception of Valve is still miles better then of Riot
1	You haven't seen the influx of lanewicks running that exact same build? It's everywhere. Sure in normals you'll see all kinds of retarded shit, that's not surprising. Your post doesn't impact me in any way, you just come off as wanting your ego stroked. Maybe you really didn't know this was a popular build. To me it's like seeing a thread about how good someone is with AP alistar or gragas after shushei won DH with those builds. Congrats?
0	Was at a ground breaking ceremony for a church where the members were predominantly high members of local society. Millionaires and whatnot.   I was goth. Trenchcoat. Black hair. Fairly well dressed. White button down, black pants. You know, before 'Emo' and 'skinny jeans' took over.   Group of kids/teens aged between 16-19 start asking me if I believe in Jesus. I inform them that I am agnostic deist, and that I was dragged to the ceremony unwillingly.   They start in on how amazing Jesus is. They start droning on about how they were meth/pot/heroine/prescription drug addicts, or had been brought back to the light from being gay, or had had premarital sex and had a baby before wedlock and what not.   Jesus saved them.   I asked them a simple question:   "Do I have to go be a drug addict or make stupid life decisions to find Jesus? If I do, I will never find him."   Never done serious drugs.   Never got anyone pregnant.   Was never romantically interested in men. (Though I have no problem admitting if one has a fine ass or gorgeous body--physical beauty is physical beauty).   They asked me why I dressed in black.   I quoted Johnny Cash.   They asked why I had long hair.   I told them that I have a freedom to my own sense of expression, whether or not they think that I fit into the norms of those groups who also have long hair or wear black.   They asked me if I believed in Jesus.   I tell them that I believe he was a man--a great man, who loved to beat up bankers with a whip and refused to throw stones at anyone for their sins--reminding them that that was exactly what they were doing.   "Judge not, lest ye be judged."   "Let he who has not sinned cast the first stone."   Informed them that my life was my own, and my decisions were my own. Several of them became violent/aggressive about their proselytizing.   One of them punches me.   I told him that I forgave him for his actions, because he is weak, and I turned the other cheek.   One of the girls started crying. Another of the guys grabbed the arm of the guy who punched me. They realized that they were attacking someone who knew more of the soul of their religion, rather than the preachy bits.   In the end, I wound up having a discussion with them all on the generalities of why I felt the way that I did and why I did not believe that religion was the pathway to nirvana, but that it could be found within.
1	Tbh I can't afford those (wow, dude, I'm still completing MS quints for some weird reason) but still, I find them to be bad. Why? Transition. MS is always good. HP is always good. Spellvamp makes your first clear bit more sustained, but after that it's role has ended.
1	I went to highschool with Devon (Riot Runaan); while I have to acknowledge that the lore goes through an entire department, this feels like the same problem she always hit: forsaking key points of the narrative for the sake of more interesting character development.   An example comes to mind of when she had written her two favorite characters into a corner and wasn't satisfied with the extent of storytelling they had been given. Rather than let one or both of them die off, she went complete Mary-Sue and had these two teenage boys carried away by a small bird inside of a cave, effectively removing the drama and built up logic of having explored the environment in the first place.   Let's take a look at how that sort of mindset is playing out here.   &nbsp;   > With the Institute of War in place, we often found ourselves asking: just how can we work around this so the story we want to tell can take place?   This is the key dilemma for her and the lore department. They want to completely remove the story built up, the frame of time from the game, because they have written themselves into a corner. The simplest answer to this is that  they have overlooked the value of their own plot device, and should be harnessing that potential.   Why not just change the Institute of War leadership, rules, and use entirely? If you're wiling to go so far as destroying it and the meaning it held, why not first consider changing its influence gradually and having the players participate in these stories? At the very least you could write it into the background to promote upcoming game modes. At present the Riot writing department is too eager to retcon their world.   &nbsp;   > We believe in a philosophy in which story should spring from the characters naturally, not from a very arbitrary plot built around them. Character drives plot.   The problem with this is that we don't play or have any involvement with anything beyond the bounds of the Institute of War. New game modes would have to be developed for every relevant plot arc, and the current competitive League of Legends would have no story-related ties at all. To break it down,  players have been contributing to the subplot with each match; a story detachment of this scale would make all of those subplots permanently meaningless from that point on.  Not to mention the logical problems of scale for future game modes where champions like Malphite, who rise taller than mountains, are competing with Yordles who measure their height in cupcakes.   &nbsp;   > “But Ionia vs. Noxus” - yeah, that event was awesome. I wasn't even working at Riot at the time, but it certainly perked my interest. The thing is, though, this wasn't something that was going to work over and over again. The idea that players could influence the story was pretty misleading – at any “story match,” only ten players would legitimately get to fulfill the role of a summoner. In addition, story by vote or story by chance can often end with unsatisfying results (simply because of the random chance). Strong storytelling is deeply crafted.   This is an illusion of a problem that doesn't actually exist. Any number of matches could be used to contribute in a war-like setting. Hell, the battle for the Freljord was settled by icons, and we can't have a poll taken from cumulative ranked wins for one side or the other? An enormous open war with a cumulative professional match could be done over and over, and would drive the community involvement on a level of the yearly All Stars to say the least.   There is so much potential to evolve the Summoner's Rift, the Institute of War, and the story of League of Legends as a whole. The community base would benefit from  being able to participate  in a growing, evolving story-line with gradually shifting plot elements -- rather than consecutively abandoning whole branches of the world (the way Riot has done with Dominion in exactly this way before).   *
0	I don't get the whole "my vote doesn't count" thing. Local elections have huge potential to affect your life, and even just narrowing the gap between parties may cause future candidates to compromise on issues to gain votes. Voting 3rd party isn't throwing away your vote, its voicing your opinion that more than 2 parties should exist. Its going to take a lot of people with this attitude if we ever want more than the 2 party system. Not voting perpetuates the notion that your state is red r blue, and doesn't need to be campaigned in.   /end rant
1	My predictions for tonight's games:   Team Coast over Cognitive: Cog has shown a lot of improvement, specifically at PAX, but I think Coast is just a more experienced team.   Velocity over Infinite Odds: Same as above. IO has gone through some roster changes over the past few weeks, losing Otter to ggLA. Velocity has also undergone some changes, but I feel they are in a better position to win this one. Say what you will against Velocity and their performance in LCS, but they proved they are still better than a great deal of challenger teams after they 2-0'd Quantic.   Complexity over TBD: As the Leaguepedia article suggests, I think it's hard to argue against CoL as being one of the best Challenger teams right now. Although I'm still not sold on their bottom lane (especially against the highly regarded RobXLee), I think the recent roster changes will negatively impact TBD for this week, especially against a consistent team like CoL.   EDIT: OK, just announced that Arthelon re-signed to TBD. That should make this a bit closer, but still leaning toward CoL.   ggLA over Curse Academy: This is based more on the strength of ggLA's new lineup over anything else. I've been spectating ggLA a lot in their ranked 5 games and they have a lot of raw talent mixed with experience. I'm not even sure what Curse Academy's lineup is going into this event and whether they'll be making any changes alongside the main team's roster.
1	I read this in LilyPichus voice. inb4 new
1	I looked at KR yesterday hopeing thinking yay vayne is on sale I can get her.   NOPE!
0	Huh, I bet the Hispanic gangs which are these days making up [34.9%]( of prisoners will be surprised about this statistic.  The percentage of prisoners who are Black is 37.1%.   Oh, and Hispanics are 16.3% of the population while Blacks are 12.6%.
0	Story time Mofos,   Let me set the scene for you. The weather is cold enough to make a polar bear wear a sweater. The time of the finals has arrived.   1 week before the final, our esteemed professor proclaims that students who failed the midterms and are at an average for the quizzes should not bother coming to write the exam. They will fail the course unless they pull a 92 percent in their final. The midterms weighed in at 20 and 25 percent respectively and the quizzes weighed in at 10 percent total. The rest was the final. The passing grade for this course was a C-.   Now there is jerry (not his real name ofcourse). Jerry was what you would call a carefree individual who simply ran out of fucks to give the day he was born. Jerry had impressively failed both the midterms and was below average on the quizzes. Even a curve would not help his sorry ass.   Jerry who I had a distinct pleasure of being friends with, looked at me and said. " Motherlode, I dont want to repeat this course". I looked at him and explained to him that there is no way he is going to pass. He looked at me and said the single most glorious thing I have ever heard. "watch me".   End of class, he walks upto the professor and explains his situation. The professor explains to him that it is downright impossible for him to pass, there is no way it is happening. Jerry takes a deep breath and then there is silence in the air. You could feel it, The tension between two titans. Jerry looked up and said. "Professor, I know I am going to fail but would you care to make a wager". The professor curiously inquires, "what wager, jerry".   Jerry wagers that if he gets a 100 on 100 on his exam, the professor will give him a solid passing grade and if he fails well he fails. The professor with a smirk on his face says, "I will do you one better, get a 100 on 100 on the exam and I will give you an A+. I will transfer over the weightage from your midterms and quizzes to your final". Jerry, without hesitation agrees.   The whole final week, I promise you with my life, Jerry was out drinking, playing games and just aimlessly browsing youtube ( a favorite past time of his, He claimed that he once found a porno on youtube). He used to have his headphones on all the time listening to what he called "vocal trance"   On the day of the final, a 3 hour one, we are sat down at predetermined spots and the exam commences. It was no easy exam, it was harsh. Required a lot of analytical thinking, it required a lot of calculation. It was after all a calculus 2 exam.   At the sound of the one hour mark, Jerry raises his hand and says he is done. The whole room turned around to look at this mad man. This mad human being had finished a 3 hour exam in under 1 and that too without his calculator (he claimed that his calculator had lost its digits).   For a week I pestered him into telling me how it went, all he said, "time will tell my friend".   When the results came around, Jerry had received an email from the prof and said he needed to see him. When Jerry came back, I asked him what happened. He said well he had to give me an A+. I aced that bitch. He(the prof), just did not believe it was possible but commended him after Jerry proved to him that no illegal methods were used when he gave the test. I looked at him and asked how he did it, what was his secret to learning everything so quick without actually learning.   He looked at me and said, "that is my secret, I am always learning". Remember the vocal trance he said he was listening to. Well turns out Jerry had collected a massive library of audio recordings and digital lectures and was listening to them non stop. He was learning while partying. This mofo, never stopped learning.   I know the story seems far fetched but it truly happened before my eyes. A lot of people find it hard to believe and I dont blame them but I have used his methods and found out that I have an easier time in courses now than before.
1	How many wins do you have and how many losses do you have? If you have 100 normal wins and 90 normal losses, you're going to be playing ~1300-1400 level players. Premades can and will screw matchmaking sometimes, but they keep things balanced "statistically." Meaning, if you have someone with 2k normal mmr queued with someone with 500 normal mmr, you will get anything in between that on your team and a close average on the other team.   <-- a screenshot of my postgame 473 wins 117 losses. I generally play against diamond/plat players in norms if I'm playing alone and have a huge queue time. It also is dependent on the queue type you pick, draft will generally have people tryharding more than blind.   Anyway,
1	In fact despite what everyone say these stats mean a lot. If adc would have been so heavily nerfed you should see them tend to 50% winrate because that would mean their impact on the game had decreased.   So adc which have a winrate lower than 50% should have gotten their winrate increased and the others decreased, which is not the case.
0	Kids feel "entitled" to that money because the government holds them responsible for it. If your parents make money, you get $0 in grants from the government to go to school because the  government  feels your parents should pay for it.   Are your parents up to their eyes in debt? Are they cheap and aren't paying for your school? Too bad, no college for you. You should have been born poor or gotten pregnant.
1	If she is forced to do that you have won the lane just zone her and your ADC gets free farm. Plus her spears are easy to dodge when you see them coming so you will eat a few max and Leona is tanky enough to just sit through 2-3 spears.   Edit: you can also just cc lock the carry and be done with it.
0	I didn't take it as an insult, that's why I tried mocking it further unsucccessfully. I thought I upvoted you too but I clicked the downvote apparently by accident. Whoops!
1	Wrong flair for this :) Graves is a early - Mid game AD with okayish lategame   If let graves and vayne 1v1 from lvl 1 on graves will hit vayne hard til ~ 2 complete items on vayne and a good graves wont push the wave to you , so he stays relevant for longer , because 3- 4 item graves > 2 item vayne if both approch 4 damage items vayne will shit on him for sure but til this point the burst ad should win against the behind hypercarry
0	I worked with a girl who called in for a week after her mom had "passed away". We'll call her "Nichole."  Well, were all broken up about the whole thing, thinking about our own mothers, and we gave her tons of support. She had a history of being a bit of a fibber, but nobody thought she (or anyone) would lie about such a thing. Another girl I worked with was suspicious right off the bat, having worked with Nichole and her BS for longer than I have, which I thought was rather harsh.  Fast forward a month or two. While both girls were working and Nichole was on her lunch, we get a phone call for Nichole. And guess who it was? Her mother. So we just took a message, like we would any call.  We thought what a fucked up joke to play on someone. So we checked the number against the emergency contact information and confirmed that it was indeed her mom who had called. When confronted with her bullshit she flipped out on us yelling and all that. " Who could do such a thing!?" She says. Needless to say Nichole was sacked by Monday.
1	Hijacking this as I don't see anybody linking to his [Patreon](   There is a ton of people in the comments of the video asking for a Paypal donation acount. This is as close as you can get for continuos suport for his family, and all the hours of fun hes given us thru all this time.   If you don't know what Patreon is,   -
0	Ah well, we're about even when it comes to robbing each other of credit on inventions. And it's not hilarious, it's outrageous. At least to you it is. Otherwise you wouldn't be correcting me.   I'm upvoting you because you're correct, and smirking because I managed to unwittingly annoy someone. Don't start laughing at my ignorance - this shit has happened to you too and you know it.
1	I assumed that the accounts are generated together.   That meant I could just increment the lolking url by 1 to find the accounts without knowing their names.   Not all of the accounts were together but the generic sequence was close enough to the OP's findings that I could do the same url iteration with op.gg to make sure all the accounts existed.
1	That's a pretty big lie but what you say isn't wrong either. This is a team game and you can't carry your team always. I got demoted from D5 because in the majority of the cases my team didn't know how to handle the advantage (I'm not saying I did everything right btw but my mistakes weren't as bad (or frequent) as 1 or 2 people did in the progress jof the  game). I watch a lot of streams, watch LCS and even my own replays and I can tell obvious mistakes that are made in a game (mine too ofc)   Edit: I agree with everything else you said
1	Doesn't matter if the sololane is bot or top , summoners rift is symetrical.   Other than that you make a good point.   Did you know beforehand you would have a jungler ?   Was this in a normal ?   Chances are higher u'll have 2 opponents in ur side-solo-lane. One does not simply go singed (or any other melee without range or get-out-skills like riven) in such a situation  ("FU i can only play singed" perhaps ?).
1	knowing when to Baron is a decision that I think should be left to the jungler it makes it easy to decide when and when not to Baron and leaves no questions from the team. When advantage is had the most important thing is that everybody on the team move together and do the same thing.  Any jungler worth his (or her) salt should be studying gameplay and recognize what to do when. Does the jungler say Baron? No? Do something else, solves the problem right away.
0	I originally had a much longer post that also talked about this but had removed it due to trying to be as clear as possible with the point without stretching the content too much.   Basically, of course this isn't a catch-all statement. Just like anything else in the world - especially when you're talking about people (who are all so very different) - you have to take advice with a grain of salt and apply it to your own situations.   To try to go into some depth without writing a book about it, I'll just try sum up to some points   >it's unlikely I'll ever purposefully cook it again.   This is good and where you may personally differ from other people. I've seen parents take their kid's opinion as a joke or a temporary thing - which it may be, but respecting your kid's opinion (when they are of age to have one) could in the long run make your kid trust you because at least they know their opinion is being factored in.   >paraphrasing: "what if the kid does something bad or refuses to x or y?"   These situations are not black and white and therefore cannot be answered as such. In the best of situations, the parent would be smart enough to take the time out to try to give the best response to this, giving only as much force as necessary, while still trying to compromise and talk to the kid like his opinion matters and makes a difference. Like I said before, just forcing seems to often be a desperation act by a parent when they just don't know what else to do - which I can get, of course, but like I said, it's still not the right way to do things all the time.   It doesn't hurt to sometimes - depending on the situation - be assertive and forceful to strike a point. But this attitude need not be applied to anything and everything, such as a kid not eating. This attitude should be reserved for certain situations when it's very serious and necessary. Besides, overusing it merely numbs your kid to the point of the seriousness and could very well develop some parent-child issues.   Like any boss in the real world, sometimes you need to be assertive. If someone is an employee from your store, you need to have some balls to confront them about it and likely fire them. But not everything an employee does is stealing, so you don't need to be confronting every employee and threatening them to be fired based on the smallest things. Being a parent is just being this boss, but with an irrational kid. And just like parents, some bosses are just dicks that seem to be trying to make everything hell all the time, and some are nice and only are harsh when necessary.
1	forced to afk. Nobody forced you to do anything. You speak of maturity yet you go afk in a game because of 2 randomers harming 2 innocent people because of your vanity, next time just mute them and move on I do hope you got reported and banned for afking in a ranked game. People like you are the reason I stopped playing this game, it's so impossible to enjoy the game when people just go afk in the middle of it.
0	You and me both (not lactose intolerant here, but I don't eat much dairy and hate sweet, coffee black, etc. but still break out).   You may try the [oil cleansing method]( seems weird and counterintuitive, but it's very gentle on your face. The washcloth exfoliates but not as hard as a physically abrasive scrub, and the oils used mimic your natural sebum, so it can sort of "turn off" that over-production of oil.   A lot of people also really love and have a lot of success using witch hazel as a toner. I recommend spraying it on and just pressing it into your face; you can also use a cotton ball or cotton pad, but that doesn't really get very much of it on your face.   Either way, you shouldn't have to go between the extremes of dry and oily--this is imbalance and it's what acne LOVES: hey sweet, some dry skin to clog my pores! Ah awesome, some sebum (oil) to really gunk up the dry skin! Let's do this thing!!   Differin, Retin-A, and Tazorac are great for clearing up acne, but they're not exactly non-toxic (really nothing you buy OTC will be very friendly in terms of toxicity. Either way, Tazorac was the last thing I used that really really cleared up my skin.   Check out the book [No More Dirty Looks]( It's written by two ladies who have battled with cystic acne and trying to fight that with more gentle, less toxic means. I've used a lot of their recommendations with pretty good success. The makeup I use is so light and non-toxic that I don't really wash my face; I just stick it under warm water at night and then use some witch hazel out of the shower, slide on some [argan oil]( and on really dry days, put on some [lightweight, oil-based moisturizer]( over that.
0	It's extremely hard to "be yourself" in situations and social groups that don't engage you. You may notice that the people who are extremely loud and obnoxious seem to have everyone flock to them, but it's mainly because they are basically throwing their arms in the air, exposing their personality to anyone willing to listen. It gives most people the sort of ice breaker he/she needs to find someone to gravitate to:  loud person (lets call this person Bill for simplicity's sake) Bill appreciates quiet person Sue (again, only for simplicity) because Sue is willing to listen and empathize with Bill; Sue appreciates Bill because Bill fills the void, makes the jokes laughs when Sue makes the occasional joke and is generally good company. While this works, if    Bill stays this goofball who keeps the spotlight firmly on himself and doesn't try to engage with Sue, then Sue will develop this hollow feeling because Bill is not letting her express herself and it will seem like any remark Bill says, Sue agrees with because Sue won't be showing any form of expression aside from embarrassment.  In the meantime, Sue cannot simply leave Bill to engage her because that is forcing Bill to combat a problem that is not being brought to his attention, denying this makes it worse three-fold AT MINIMUM. Wallflowers must voice their opinion as well, for complaining that no one engages them simply begs the question why they haven't engaged others: the answers will be strikingly similar.   This example happens in many different aspects, even family. A way to combat this tense nature: Sue invites Bill to things roughly as often as Bill invites Sue. By making Bill the guest and Sue the host, it gives Sue this established presence that she is the host, which welcomes Bill into her life, it gives Bill a chance to meet on Sue's terms instead of vice versa.
1	I definitely would have clicked smurf when I first started if I knew I would get xp/ip boosts for it.  Sure, I would lose most of the first few games, but my MMR would fall rapidly, and basically it would mean losing the first 10-15 games but gaining much more xp and ip than I would have otherwise.  I like getting currency in games (who doesn't?) and the option of getting more for just a couple losses is something that I would take every time.
1	The thing is the DDoS is hitting datacenters. This means it can affect all ISPs equally. Changing ISP or adding more servers WILL NOT fix the problem.   This is what is hitting riot.
1	I think the existance of lolnexus with it´s current functions is the problem. If you get matched with a Plat V player as Gold V and he has no border he must have bought his account. That´s at least what most ppl think. Thinking that is obviously not an issue but commenting on it in-game is. The blame will always be on that guy. I had a silver game with a bronze-plat duo and the plat player got flamed the whole game because he couldn´t do anything against the enemy jungle after we lost the lvl1.   Another bad part and the worst in my opinion is the runes and masteries section. Oh, the enemy sona doesn´t have armor and I´m jungling Lee Sin? Maybe just lanegank the botlane instead of the usual early toplane gank. Bad example, I know but I think you got the point. Runes and masteries shouldn´t be visable to enemies and I don´t think Riot is okay with that either. Unless everyone uses lolnexus there is an advantage for those using it as long as they use it in a positive way for their team because there are also players giving up early because of a high rated opponent and these are the worst because they drag down the whole team in most cases.
1	Tell me the difference between a good morg and a great morg.   Nice argument. Tell me the difference between a good TF and a great TF? Is he easy to play then?   >Q is easy enough to land   Orly? Then what skillshots are hard to land?   Morg is about as "easy" as half the AP roster. Galio takes even less skill than Morg and no one says he's easy. Ryze, Xerath, Swain, Vlad, Kennen, etc.. all easier than Morg, yet not nearly half as many people call them easy.   Actually there are plenty of APs who are not hard (mechanically) at all and people say they're hard to play, good examples being Ori and Karthus. They don't even roam with them, while Morg is kinda reliant on roaming.   >Then have half a brain and make sure your team can follow up.   Just because a champ has a low skillcap  mechanically , doesn't mean he has a  low overall skillcap. Morg takes positioning (Flash has 400 range fyi), teamwork, map awareness and decision making skills.   TF is a pretty good example: he's damn easy to play mechanically but his skillcap is pretty damn high, which becomes kinda obvious when you see Misaya playing him. Why? Because he benefits a lot from good overall game skills, like map awareness, roaming, positioning, decision making ,etc.. Sounds kinda like Morg doesn't it?
1	You know logic, right? If I was to troll, or to play very badly, or to leave every second game etc. I am going to end up in lower elo. Correct? That means: the lower you get, the higher your chances are of having a game with those kind of people. At the same time, there is a good chance of having those sort of people on the enemy team. But you have a great chance of having a streak of horrible games as portrayed by OP. Furthermore, some games are impossible to carry, even if you play like a fucking god. That is what I consider Elohell. And it is very much real. Now naturally, you have those kind of players everywhere, just not as often (which is pure logic). That is true and if you don't agree, please explain in a logical and argumentative way, why you think it is false.
0	or front common yard as proven by apartment B, which houses three sets of people and various regulars in a shitty one bedroom bungalow across from my nice Santa Monica bungalow apartment, where they take up all parking spots plus invented ones which block mine, make it yard to leave, or just confusing by having a couple sleep in a car at night in one of two spots for three months, with three yappy dogs bark and chase all of my visitors day or night (open front door to small common grass area) and stay up nightly trying to perfect the proper mixture high and drunk every night, yet always getting managing to get it off by a wide margin towards the crazy overboard direction, with the tv blaring to the point of having to have their nightly arguments about nothing of any significance louder than the blasting tv , which nobody is paying attention to other than in the case of live sports (in which case they're screaming a cheer for every single play as if to prove they're following along and have, shockingly, a strong opinions of something, and despite the police's frequent visits for noise complaints only cause one occasionally loudest ever voice (loudest is the best argument winning strategy as proven by all precious debates) bellows for everyone to simmer down less the police come back (something they don't bother actually doing because they cops never actually do anything other than ask again nicely) but the turncoat's window vibratingly loud voice (their would be at actually vibrate if the windows and/or front door were ever actually closed) commands the quorum to quiet down, which nineteen times out of twenty only causes louder yet debate over a topic that, yet again, nobody really cares about; otherwise, I wouldn't hear the argument against it in deep in my rear molars until 5am, or whenever it is I manage to fall asleep living next to them.
1	Once I got trashtalked by a wukong top when I ended up feeding my lane. I told him I messed up and that I'm not as pro as him and that I play normals for a reason. Suprisingly enough he apologized too and said he had been in so many games already where people would feed, like I did, but tell everyone they are trash, go afk or just intentionally feeding because "we can't win now GG noob lane feed riven 6/0".
1	The league system you see is the sucker, and the stuff that actually matters is the tootsie roll hidden in the center.
0	I've heard this line of reasoning before, and one of the main issues that I have with it, or rather the issue that I have with people who hold this belief, is the inconsistency between their argument that unsavory people of all races can be niggers and their willingness to actually apply the "nigger" label to people who aren't black without being prodded.   A non-black person being called a nigger rarely, if ever, seems to be something that just happens organically (not counting XBL of course). Normally when I see or hear this phrase, it's after someone calls a black person a nigger and is then presented with the question of whether or not the person would still be a nigger if they weren't black.   You can see this on Reddit quite often. Video of black people fighting? Niggers. Video of non-black people fighting? No niggers found. Or for a real-life example, how many times have you heard Jerry Sandusky referred to as a nigger for molesting and raping multiple children?   I'm sure there are people who truly believe and practice what was stated in the OP, but most of the time it just seems like something that people throw out their to cover their own asses.
0	Here's the thing Supercub   People on the internet are all internet tough guys/gals   Or better put, they all envision themselves doing the 'right' or most heroic thing they can possibly do in every situation. Instead of understanding that not everyone is able to do that safely. In many cases the reason people are apathetic to the plight of others is that good deeds are often paid for.   Most people aren't these heroic figures for a reason after all. It's easy to imagine what you could do when you aren't there. It's also easy to imagine how it could all go wrong for the would-be hero in the situation.
1	but you're thinking about it on too simple of a level.   teams aren't actively giving out their strats, and this is why you rarely see enemy strategy relevant bans, and bans aimed at pocket/comfort/'shit that sucks to play against as your comp'. one example of strategy based bans recently was tristana/corki in the CLG-CRS set, because they didnt want to deal with double adc CRS had been scrimming with - but this information in reality is not always available, and is not because trist is OP - it's because they don't want to play against a double ADC comp, in this example.   tristana is not by far the most overpowered adc. trist/kog/corki/lucian are all pretty much on the same level, they just all serve different functions. for that reason, she is not worth banning for being 'OP', because there are simply too many champions of the same strength.   kassadin was in his own tier for a long time, for various factors. maokai is in a similar spot right now. this is why these champions have almost permaban status or blue side first rotation status, and is why trist doesn't.   i am convinced that just because you see trist winning like 9/10 games in EU/NA LCS, does not mean she is above kog/lucian/corki, it just means that these games are filled with poor execution (which is pretty obvious in watching) and playing games into the hands of the team with tristana.   if it is a result of poor execution, then the issue is not in pick and ban, but in strategy and gameplay.
1	What you need to understand is not that your lucky that your in a position. Its that this is a behavior in all scenes. In all major sports when someone fucks up they get lite up... Sure they don't care because of the money they make, but to the fans that has nothing to do with the amount of money someone makes. If you fuck up in a game of course your going to be made fun on...... That what happens when you say i'm not your average gamer.... i'm a pro if you don't like it then quit.   To the point of you interacting with us and we should be grateful....... I hate to use this analogy but i hope it makes sense. E-sport is like a farm and your the cow... Sure your milk bring us joy we get something out of you. but don't get it twisted if you act up or your milk goes sore you better believe i'm bringing in a new cow to replace you.. You guys are nothing special in terms of being un-replaceable.   And David Beckham and most big sports athletes don't do the same thing as you guys for 2 main reason. One is that they don't have to their scene is developed enough that they can go on with their day without putting in effort. And two is that they are not "personalities"  outside of work they are just athletes you guys on the other hand have to be both to bring in better and more opportunities
1	No, no, I'm not taking his word for it, I'm skeptical, too.  But the post in question was intentionally designed to use a logical trick to intentionally discredit a dissenting opinion, and I called it out solely to be devil's advocate.  This particular guy is more likely a crock of shit than not, yes.  But the reply was obviously and deliberately deceitful to play down the fact that, yes, maybe our community has some problems with how we treat each other.   EDIT: The
0	I actually read that stickied post before the admins went full retard with the ban hammer. In it, the mods explained the situation and said they'd remove all of those pics and keep them off the subreddit, and as far as I know they succeeded in that endeavor.
1	I'm sorry, but I have to call you out here..   "What separates you from the players in lower tiers is not only the LP gains, but the series you fought through where you proved yourself and came out on top."   The tiers mean nothing about who we faced. In fact, the league system means absolutely nothing about who we face. Why is the league system even there if our division means absolutely nothing? Things like this just don't make sense.   "Ranked play is about accepting the challenge of being measured by your skill."   Then please rank us by skill. Either base it off MMR (ELO) or LP/Division system, not both. Our skill ranking is currently MMR, which, again, matches us with people of similar MMR. But this in no way correlates in tandem with the league system, nor is our "skill quotient" visible. I'll use my example from last year (which still happens to a lot of people); people in S1 can be placed against those in gold 2 to even plat players. Why? I understand it's MMR based, then why are they silver if they're playing against Plats?  I understand that there are systems in place now to try to prevent this, but there are still many many issues in relation to this that aren't addressed.
1	He's a really strong laner. At lvl6 you can kill anyone in a single combo every time your ult is up.   He has among the highest (if not  the  highest) AP ratios in the game. Late game he can still nuke anyone squishy or not due to his W.   However he has a harder time (not neccessarily worse though) late game than many other AP carries.   His main problem (and this is a big problem) is that his only hard CC is really situational. He needs his ult to nuke someone but that also puts himself at a tremendous risk due to rooting himself. Plus, as you probably know, A Qicksilver Sash cleanses both his Q, E, and R, all of which are detrimental to be able to put out DPS.   That said he can still do very well before iniating by poking with Q and E if you gan get in range. A well placed Q can be just as good of an initiation as a Malphite ult or a Tibbers drop. Though if he can catch someone out of position then they're dead, simple as that.
1	I totally agree. I pretty much want S4's gameplay to slightly de-emphasize 'this is the way to win lategame' strategies and be more about the individual game: who is farmed, who has what items, what are the team comps, how is that going to effect gameplay, etc. "How are we going to interact with our enemy". It's so much deeper that I find it so surprising to see people in this thread say, "I like seeing one team take an inhibitor and win in 30:00, as it leads to shorter games". It's just so uninteresting!   Right now pushing comes first, vision comes second, everything else comes third. The crappiest team comp in the world could take bot inhibitor and do a baron dance. Compare this to Dota (since you are bringing up the comparison) where moments like "The Play" utilize so many distinctive gameplay interactions: hero-to-hero, skill-to-item, utilizing Smoke ganks, etc. LoL has very little of that while gameplay revolves around a slow squeezing push after a lead has been built.   The general late game flow should be; use what you've got to best mitigate the strengths of the enemy team -> push whatever advantage you gain -> dampen whatever weaknesses you lose. The stuff that happens  in the heat of the moment  that is game specific is the interesting gameplay...not watching a baron'd up team slowly push turret after turret over the course of four minutes.   If you make baron buff last half as long, remove the HP5, increase the offensive stats (AD/AP) you get, you'll see much more 'explosive' late game action. If a team is weaker and they get aced two or three times, you'll see games end in the same amount of time. If a team doesn't 'deserve' to lose yet and still have a fight in them, structures more resilient to pushing will keep the game going longer while it's still close and interesting
0	i wish there were more teachers like you. good teachers don't get enough credit, and admittedly i forget the names of the really good teachers i've had. unfortunately the one i remember the most was the one that actually bullied her students.   she was this shriveled up little woman in her late 60s, and she taught 6th-7th grade english at my middle school. luckily, i had her both years and had her as my advisory class (class period when you can do whatever, kinda like a break between classes). she would literally break kids' self-esteems like it was her job. i was a pretty obnoxiously happy kid, but like all kids around that age i was very insecure and had low self-esteem. i quickly became her favorite target.   in one instance i remember i had a homework assignment due and i had forgotten to do it. she came over to my desk (i sat in the middle of the class) and took away the book i was supposed to be reading, and asked "where's your homework YodgeDurango?" this being after 2 quarters of bullying, i quietly responded "i forgot it -insert name-, sorry," at which point she started getting in my face and yelling at me about how stupid i was and how i wasn't going to amount to anything, in front of the entire class. i started tearing up and she started yelling at me about that, and about how much trouble i'd be in if i started crying. so i just sat there, crying as silently as i could, until she went back to her table. at this point the entire class was staring, and of course that didn't help my predicament. after class i called my mom and told her i was sick and went home.   that was 8 years ago, and that one of the few things i remember about middle school. that class fucked me up pretty bad emotionally. people like that shouldn't be allowed near kids, let alone teach them.
1	Vlad is amazing because of how resourceful he can be with his builds along with his range. Want to sustain the entire lane and whittle them down? Spell Vamp for you to go along with your vamp Q. How about damage, want to nuke them like crazy? Go ahead and build yourself an ap nuke item like DFG, his ultimate combined with the DFG is a boosted 32% damage! Maybe you want to be tanky and still deal damage. No problem, liandrys torment is waiting for you along with that sweet magic pen along with the synergy of your passive. Straight tanky vlad? That Warmogs, Zhonyas and Spirit Visage will do you lovely.
1	You play on na server, here in eu plat is hell cause ppl are the most toxic f*ckers ever. I've started to refuse playing with ppl when they start the rage. I'm on my smurf in plat 5 so i can't drop lower. So far nearly 23 games lost in a row and I will keep on refusing to play with ppl that rage more than 2 times on a mate. Only way to cure this game. Diamond is pure heaven though, you can play what you want as long as you know what you're doing and don't ruin the game on purpose/trolling.
1	It's not clogging up anything! It's the stupid memes and other BS that was clogging up this subreddit. Your discussions are something I look forward to each day now to read about how different people play champs.   Don't listen to the pissers and whiners and let the downvotes speak for themselves.
0	This is what actually happens: I decide to cancel class for some reason. I call my department and the registrar. They send someone out to put up a note. It's not my note. That is technically the end of my obligations.   Then, I email you if I can, but if I'm on my iPhone, there's a good chance the student contact interface (Blackboard or portal or whatever) isn't going to work well with a mobile OS, so it might not go through Alternately, I'm in an emergency where all I can manage is a 3 minute phone call and not the however many minutes it takes to send data from the middle of a hospital.   But how many of you actually check your email the moment before you leave for class? Given how few of you check your email to look for homework assignment instructions, not very many. If it takes you 30 minutes to drive to class and 20 minutes before class, I start throwing up (it has happened), you're screwed anyway.
0	Not the same trait at all.  While smoking is a way of damaging health and the lungs what he is talking about it vastly different.  He speaks of dedication to exercise and eating right (possibly).  Smoking dosn't make you fat and if you exercise regularly you won't notice the lung capacity issue for a long time.
0	Yes, in some cases that is the case.  But if he had a DNA test done come back and they are not his there is a very good chance he will not have to pay.   Signing the birth certificate really doesn't matter.  The bigger point is how long he has raised them and if they are or are not married.   I tried a case several years ago and the court found the "father" to not have to pay child support after a DNA test came back and said the child was not his.  The child was 18 months.   I assumed when I was commenting the DNA tests was done within a reasonable time after birth.
1	If you are in silver 5, but playing agaainst bronze 5's.... You got carried to silver(feel lucky). It means your mmr is so low you should be bronze 4-5. Also its not smurfs making you lose, its you and your team... People don't waste their time smurfing in bronze, in fact unless that player deserves bronze, the smurf will end up silver+ like their other accts from placements.
1	Get used to it. I have lost my series like five+ times, the most recent with a Vel support that fed Lucian five kills in lane phase, in a row, like a meatgrinder, and then a 4v5 that we just barely lost despite the disadvantage.   Get good enough and you'll climb despite the stupid. Unfortunately, you can't be, say, Gold 1 material and easily climb through Gold 5-2. You pretty much need to be Mid-plat material if you want to climb on your own merit through gold, and Diamond material to climb through the low levels of plat on your own merit. Otherwise, you're at the mercy of matchmaking. Sure, MAYBE you could hold your own a few tiers higher, but unless you can hard-carry, you'll need to hope for the best.
1	It really depends.  Sometimes you should camp a lane, sometimes you should just stand in a lane and push with your laner, and other times you should be everywhere on the map.  It really depends on the lane match up and the jungler you picked.   I don't want to type too much but I'll give two examples to show how you need to adapt to your character and the game.     Say you are olaf jungle.  Your other lanes are getting destroyed.  Not so much that they instadie to the other laner, but so much that they cant leave tower.  Now sometimes it might be helpful to gank for them.  But in this particular situation the lanes were so far gone that me trying to help them was pointless.  What I did was went top lane with our nidalee who was doing alright and I basically laned with her.  We just kept shoving down top and they couldnt stop us without sending 3+ people.  We destroyed them in a 2v2 top/jungler vs top/jungler since our combo was so strong.  This forced their mid to leave and basically let ours kill tower and roam.  We caught up in gold and won the game even though the enemy bot lane was up 4-5 kills and tower diving ours.     The next example is a nunu game.  Basically your goal is to make their jungler non-existant.  If he ganks you counter gank.  If he does something you screw him over hard for it.  You make it so he cant move.  If somehow via the enemy team out playing your laners or you letting their jungler gank end up with you and your team being behind, you won't be able to pull the same cheeky push top and win strategy that olaf/nid used to win in the earlier game.  So in this situation how you tackle the game is totally different.  You need to look for opportunities to give your team an advantage.  Sneaking early dragons or stealing blue from the enemy are all things you can do to try and come back.  However the biggest thing you can do to change the game is buy lots of wards for everyone and counter gank their jungler.  This will take a lot of effort on your part to explain to your team.  But basically if you are still close enough in the game to win a 2v2 when they overextend for a kill then this will work and is your best bet to win in a situation like this.  Ward up and have your laner bait a gank.  Then show up to counter gank and generally you will get a double kill or a spree and sometimes a dragon out of it.       Each of these situations is totally different because of the champions that are being used in the jungle and in other lanes.  It's not something you can just say do x or do y, but in a detailed description of something/replay you can usually work out the correct answer to winning or to camping.
0	Cartman gets pissed at this dude named Scott, because he sold him pubes and Cartman found out buying pubes is stupid or something like that. So Cartman challenges Scott to a chili making competition. They eat each other's chili, and Scott's laughing because he put pubes in his chili, and Cartman just ate his pubes. Then Cartman explains how he killed Scott's parents, cooked them into chili, and fed them to Scott.
0	I also work inside a retailer for a 3rd party cell phone company.  I have the worst of all customers.  She came into my store and my employee added a line to her account per her request.  She stated that she worked for the company that she was with.  She then stated not to add anything to her account besides the minimum because she wanted someone at work to add the other stuff for her.  We give every customer the standard speech (including her) that you have 14 days to flat out return without a cancellation fee, 30 days to exchange, etc. She comes back in on day 15 and says that she wants to flat out return her phone.  I inform her that she is over her 14 days and that she would have an early termination fee.  She asks if she can get her company to waive it if she can return it.  I say this is no problem I will take it back up to 30 days.  She then returns on day 31 and says that there is no insurance on her phone and that she wants insurance.  I inform her that we gave her the speech that it must be added within 30 days and that she stated that she didn't want it added at the time that she purchased her phone.  She ends up throwing a tantrum right there in the store.  I am as calm as I can be and just explain everything I can as best I can.  She then leaves complains all the way to the retail store's corporate office and my company's corporate office.  It all comes back on me.  Looks like she was never informed and that I was very rude to her. My boss says just exchange the phone and put insurance on the new phone.  Come to find out that she had swapped the phones (first line now had added phone, second line now had her original phone).  She had insurance on the line we added but not her original line.  She tried to return her broken phone that was originally on her first line.  She was just trying to scam us.  But in the process got me talked to by some very high up people that believed her lines of crap.  Even more, we recently just switched companies in the store and so if you purchased your phone before a certain date you have to call a number if you have issues with your phone.  She came back in and tried to return her phone again!  I gave her the number and sent her on her way.  Nice thing about it is I got to report her to my old company, to my new company, and to her cell phone company (her employer).
0	Jesus I could fill a book with all the comments you've made in here.  We get it.  It's a shitty meme meant to be a joke.  If people take their relationship tips from Advice Animals, and think it's actually good advice, they're too stupid to be in a relationship anyways.
0	Bf invites to bar •Gets drunk •Starts starring at chicks  •Chicks start feeling him up •Tell him I'm uncomfortable in the situation •Since one of the waitress' is all up on him too he tells me in order to satisfy me in "not getting too close" he can't order me anymore drinks -_- yet he can for himself •Group of girls all up on him..  •Try to introduce myself as the Gf •Punches the table •Drags me outside and tells me that he is about to punch me in the face if I don't leave  •Kicks me out of bar and home (And then he asks why I don't want to go to the bar everyday)
0	I was suspended for 3 days once, because I saw this kid poke holes in the back of a bus seat with a pencil (it looked so fun).  So I immediately took a pencil out of my bag and started poking (so satisfying). That's when this same kid proceeded to rat me out to the bus driver. Of course, nothing happened to him. My three day sentence spanned a weekend and landed on a Friday, Monday and Tuesday. My parents, surprisingly, were not that angry with me after their initial outburst and my only punishment was to fold laundry. Best part was Monday was HALLOWEEN. I remember on Tuesday, I just ate all my candy and played video games all day! Then when I walked into school on Wednesday it was like nothing happened. Most kids and teachers thought i was sick. Just had to make up some of the work. I did not learn my lesson.
1	nice write up :) Although it may have been implied, you might add in the support tips to buy wards with all your extra cash after you buy.  So many supports will just get ruby sightstone and not buy anymore greens.  If you spend all your extra cash on pinks thats cool, but in some cases I like to buy a full 5 stack (or 2 sometimes!) of greens and just litter them everywhere as I move around with my team.  This is especially good in solo queue, where unless you have a lee sin jungle, lots of times you're the only person that buys ANY WARDS after the lane phase.
1	the reason why people in low elo say that nasus is OP in soloq is because they refuse to use lane swaps because at low gold and below they just aren't used to it, (s5 here so no god at the game) but if you put your incredibly bursty ranged mid laner against nasus while yours just sits back and gets any farm its possible to get you set the nasus back for the early game. you then proceed to push the top lane towers repeatedly and when nasus starts trying to farm the jungle you push it even harder, you make every single stack that nasus tried to get come at a very large cost. i know this sounds like a rant but its really the only  way ive found to beat nasus and it only works when im playing with my friends and they trust me enough to do this. try it in your next game against nasus it may be more effective than you think
0	No, this is not what "white privilege" means, and anyone suggesting the color of your skin makes you immune to bad shit is fucking stupid. White privilege means that as a result of hundreds of years of history and culture, the fact that you are white grants you status in a lot of situations. It means that you are generally the benefactor of a shit-ton of cultural, political, economic, and historical policy. It means, for example, that you are more likely to be hired for a job than a similarly-qualified non-white person, more likely to earn a higher income than that same similarly qualified non-white person, and less likely to face discrimination at the same level as a non-white person. I say "likely" because, again, white skin is not a free pass. It's just a highly discounted one.   Here's an example of the moment I realized what white privilege meant to me. I am American but ethnically Portuguese, i.e., Western European. To most people I've encountered in my life (including myself), this counts as "white." However, there's a good number of people that lump Portuguese in with Hispanic or Latino, particularly in areas where there are huge Portuguese/Brazilian/Latino immigrant populations. For me, this has meant that my location relative to such a community has been known to determine whether people see me as white or not--when I'm hanging out in the suburbs, I'm white. When I'm places like Newark, NJ (particularly in the Ironbound) or Elizabeth, NJ--places with huge Portuguese/Brazilian/Latino immigrant communities--I'm no longer white.   I realized what white privilege was when I got into an argument with a professor who was insisting I was Latina because my parents speak a "Latin" language. No, I said, I was white--I was about as western European as one can get, just because my parents speak a romance language (of which some are spoken by people considered non-white) didn't make me non-white. I'm white. No no no, says the professor, you're Latina. Americans don't even know the difference between Portuguese and Spanish anyway, you are definitely Latina.   So this went on for a while and I was getting pretty upset and offended trying to "prove" my whiteness, when it occurred to me--who the fuck cares? And why the fuck do  I  care whether this dude thinks I'm white or not? Why is "being white" something I feel like I have to defend or prove when it's called into question? WHY IS THIS SUCH A FUCKING BIG DEAL? And then I realized: it wasn't just "being white" that was called into question, it was my access to the resources, status, and everything that goes along with "being white" that was being doubted. And  that  is why I got so up in arms trying to defend and prove my whiteness. In a perfect world, it wouldn't fucking matter what color you were, but we don't live in a perfect world, and on some level, I recognized this in my fight to be recognized as "white" even though at the time I didn't actually know  why  I was doing it.   That is what "white privilege" is. You don't even realize what an impact it has on your life until the possibility that it might get taken away arises.
1	It was an extremely hard nerf. In terms of a DPS nerf, there hasn't been one this bad since Tristana. Almost all of his lategame damage comes from W lategame. I mean his lategame was already bad, considering he basically becomes a very short range ADC with no hard escape. But this nerf made it even worse.   It was so unnecessary too. He was never pick or ban during competitive play. He turned into more of a couterpick to Rumble and a pocket pick for those who are  very  good with him (Pawn, Dade, Narakyle). Litereally  all  they should have done was remove W's ability to crit.
1	I too come from sc2 master player background. Also i am new to lol (just hit 30 started playing ranked at the start of season 3). You only get good with champs if you play them over and over.  Comparing playing different champions in LoL to all ing in Sc2 is dumb. All ing take less skill to pull off than macro play in sc2 while in LoL if all you do is play one role and one champion you become an expert in that champ. That makes you good. You being able to play every position equally good doesn't make you better than the person who plays one role extremely well. It just makes you more flexible and a team player in champ select.   Look at Destiny he was stuck around 1500 elo for the longest time when he started playing Draven. Now he is like 1800 elo now. He plays Draven adc 95% of games. He mastered Draven and because of that he rose in elo. because playing one champ does increase your skill in LoL. Every game you play you mistakes no matter how good you are with a champ. If you learn from these mistakes you will also be increasing your skill level in LoL.
0	According to [How to be a gentleman, a timely guide for timeless manners]( you should always tip 15% or more if the service is great. In the event of a service so bad that you think that no tip should be given, ask to see the manager and explain to him why you did not tip.
1	That's all fine and well, but what I am talking about is separate.  The contractual/legal shit is why  some  teams weren't paid, HOWEVER a bunch of teams had their payments DELAYED because NACL claimed they got fucked on funding.  I don't think NACL are bad guys or crooks.  Just incompetent at this early stage of their life
1	Teemo is an extremely fun to play champ that punishes bruisers  who don't know how to play.   This is the keyword righ here. Teemo is a squishy champ that relies on kiting to do his damage, bruisers and AD casters will wreck him if he doesn't know how how to kite, eg. if he stays in range of Riven RIP, Pantheon/Talon beat him 9/10 times, and bruisers with gapclosers can usually burst him down early and snowball on him (Irelia/Jax). Also playing Olaf and storming him with ult+ghost+axes is so funny - mad viking running after a little rat and throwing axes - run Teemo run.
1	As far as the roaming counter jungler goes I am afraid its old news, the original roaming counter jungler was eve if I remember correctly, she would start smite/ignite and steal your blue and attempt to kill you straight after. It is pretty popular actually M5 recently did this but I can't remember when or who it was against, what I do remember was Gosupepper (m5's support player) took alistar it was assumed was a regular pick.   What M5 did was pure genious, with an urgot bot and a shyvana, (I think I am not 100% sure) they invaded the opposition's blue and gave it to urgot allowing him the capacity to 1v2 from there ali and shiv went around ganking and jungling and it pretty much gave them the win.   The real genius play was in my opinion to pick Ali, whilst other champs are suited to this role as a roaming counter jungler Ali has a few traits that make him especially suited for the job.     Inconspicous pick, you see an ali being picked up on a support player you assume he is going to support, and do not prepare for the counter jungling and roaming that is about to occur   High base damage on his spells.   Excellant ganking potential.   Is very strong even when underleveled this is important because he did drop behind in levels quite quickly which on someone like shaco would probably mean he would be too squishy and may often die while ganking.   Can himself jungle.     The other picks were of interest as well shyv has an ultra fast clear time meaning when she is partnered with ali they can blast through the jungle quickly. Urgot was a solid pick just because of the 1v2 and of course he got the early game blue. I don't remember the mid and top picks I am sure they had some synergy with the rest of the team they are just not essential for the strategy.   My favourite play was when Gosupepper went into the oppositions wraith camp flashed over the wall and headbutted the enemy's mid right into M5's which turned into a kill pretty fast.
0	Sorry, that wasn't meant to be taken literally. I was referring to being taxed at a 90% rate as "maximum wage." Thus the quotation marks.   This tax structure was in place until Reagan started screwing things up.   The problem, these days, is that such big tax breaks have been given to so few top rich people, they literally can't spend the money fast enough to stimulate the economy. So even though you may deserve more money, it doesn't do the economy good, and everybody suffers.   Right now, America is a rich country, but all of the wealth is stuck at the top 1%. Money makes the world go around, but they can't spend it fast enough.
1	Well, it is bullshit that we don't get any real compensation. I have spent hundreds of dollars on this game, and when the servers were down for a week (after I requested 3 days off from work to go to a wedding/play copious amounts of League) I was pissed. And I believe, rightly so. Do I feel like I "own" the game, and I am entitled to play it? Yes.   I have spent money on a toy, and I intend to use that toy. Riot, stop taking away my fucking toy and then telling me that I should get over it.
1	I don't think this is a very good suggestion. Not to sound like I'm one of those "exclusive" assholes per se, but I paid real money for skins that I like and want to show off.   -If Lee Sin is free, I want to play him. In champ select everyone and their mother is thinking " oh god its free week lee prepare to kick away from team ". Then loading screen pops up with the Dragon Fist splash art. While it might not mean I'm a pro at the champion I'm playing, for some one to own an expensive champion AND a skin means they are at least a bit seasoned with that champ.   -This  doesn't always hold true , but skins=skill to  SOME EXTENT . I have invested 1820 RP into Brolaf, but only after playing him for an  extremely  long time. If someone has a skin, then  logically  they plan on playing that champion for a long time/have already played them.   -I know we all know that person who buys a champion and skin with them straight away, or the people who are new to a champ and have a skin that was on sale, but the general majority of people who own skins have an idea of what they're doing with that champion. Making skins free for freeweek champs would cause unnecessary confusion while also decreasing sales. Why should I have to convince a random person that I own Lee Sin and X of his skins just because Lee is free? What if I suck at Galio but I am using Gatekeeper and I miss an ult "GG this freeweek skin but 0 skill" or "this noob says he have galio legen. skin look he missed fkin ult".   -One of the reasons I personally believe riot doesn't implement a direct skin viewer tool is because the image the skin splash has as opposed to the in-game model. I would have never bought Muay Thai Lee while knowing what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happen to be a Lee main, and I wanted to own all his skins (plus the splash looks really good).
0	Dude, you are 15, everyone I know who started tripping at that age is a borderline schizophrenic now. Wait until you are 18 when your brain is a little more developed, hell you should barely have started smoking green at 15 man.
0	I just wanted to dispel something before this thread got too out of hand. I DO have currently have friends to celebrate my birthday with. And a wonderful, wonderful wife.   I get depressed during my birthdays, and I'm think many other people do for similar reasons. I didn't have a lot of friends growing up. I was always too embarrassed to invite schoolmates over to my place. My parents were immigrants and I always felt like my household was too poor and too weird (minority) for my white friends to hold a party. It was also right after the school year, so it was even more awkward for me to think about calling up schoolmates that I never hung out with outside of school. Not having childhood birthday parties with friends was very depressing as a kid, and it's one of the few reasons for me to still get depressed as an adult.   I apologize immensely if I misled anybody in this post. I should have told everybody sooner than now. Seeing so many redditors come out and mutually celebrating not only my birthday, but the birthdays of so many other redditors was too good of a feeling. I just didn't want to stop people from celebrating.   To any redditors who feel cheated by me, I am very, very sorry! Please continue to shower birthday wishes upon those who deserve it!   To any redditors whose birthdays are today (or tomorrow or any other day) and feel Forever Alone: You are not alone! You will always have the reddit community. You will likely have your family. You will likely have friends around you that you didn't realize. And if you don't, you can send me a message and I'll try call you up myself and wish you a happy birthday! (I apologize in advance if I am a day or two late.)
0	For my birthday a few weeks ago, my girlfriend invited me to meet her at the movie theater she works at so we could see a movie. I absolutely love movies so I was okay with this. Then I found out she worked until six and she had told me to meet her at noon. She said I could go see a movie, and she would probably get off early. I went to Looper by myself, which turned out to be an amazing movie. When it was over it turned out she still wasn't off so I decided to wander the empty mall that this theater was located in. I ended up passing out in the hall because I had worked until 4am that night and woke up early for the movie. After she finally got off LATE I just decided we would go home for some good old fashioned birthday sex. We ended up falling asleep at 7pm on my birthday. Quite the birthday.
0	Two similar experiences:   Ordered indian food from this awesome place nearby, it was valentine's so they were super busy (My GFs idea, not mine, so don't hate on me for ordering takeout on V-Day) and they said it'd be about 1.5 hours, so I said sure, we could wait. 1.5 hours later, no food yet. So I phone to check on the status, they said the driver just left with our order and a few others so I should see it shortly, awesome! 20 minutes later, no food... Phone again, they say they delivered it. So I made them double check the address and it wasn't mine, turns out they lost my order and never cooked it at all. They then offered to make my order and send it to me for 10% off, but I'd have to wait.  Said fuck it, hung up on them, ordered pizza, arrived 15 minutes after phone call.   Second time: Ordered two large pizzas with my old roommate, they said 40 minutes or free. 90 minutes later the pizza guy shows up and i call him out, saying the pizza was free because it took so long (The pizza place was like 5 blocks from my house, no excuse honestly) So he phones his manager and the manager tells him to give me the pizza for free. He's annoyed, but he gives us the pizza. When we went inside, we noticed he had given us three pizzas instead of two.
1	Its a matter of how many chances / misplays the enemy team lets you make before they capitalize on them and win. Some guys are pretty good on doing that still (CLG, C9, Gambit) and others are not (SHC etc). If you die once in a random level 1 fight, thats ok. But if you die again and lose a turret, dragon or baron things might shift into the enemy teams favour.
0	You are absolutely correct. r/spacedicks is good for people who like fapping to gore when /b/ doesn't have interesting going. That and people who just like to fap to gore and who just happen to be redditors.
1	I think people value scrims way too much. Sure It's a good thing to practice your communication and team comps, but you can not just go out and say scrims are everything, ranked games are shit.   What NA needs is more 5v5 teams, which means giving more respect towards solo queue and getting teammates, even in bronze, people should make teams and try to learn game together, which is a more effective way to also improve your solo queue games as you learn what other people tend to think playing ranked 5's.   I know people in EU run some crazy shit in ranked 5s that effect the way our pros play and improve their playstyle. Even if you lose a game really hard against a pro team, you can teach them a thing or two if they had the mindset for it.
0	Well, it DOES affect us on a much deeper level of our psychology. Our sexuality is more or less the foundation of our personality. It sets the mood for how we will interact with others based on our reaction to their physical appearance. This is altered by our actual interactions with them after we first see them, but if you apply chaos theory, then the initial state has great influence on the end result.   Getting myself back on topic, rape IS just another crime, but it affects us in a different way. When the part of our brain that deals with sexuality is traumatized, and our sexuality directly affects our interaction with others, the trauma very easily and noticeably affects our interactions with others from that point on more than other types of crime.   That being said, I think the reason society views rape as so different and horrible is because most religious mores include the idea of sex being objectively sinful except for the purpose of a husband and wife making a child. That stacked on top of the fact that it was a nonconsensual, usually aggressive criminal act, makes it seem twice as bad to those who place great value in tradition and religion, which is most Americans.
0	Am I the only one who grew up in the  everyone gets a trophy age  that thought those trophies didn't mean shit? I remember being young and thinking they don't matter if everyone has one. I would get way more excited scoring goals or blocking shots then I ever did over a trophy. I feel like older generations just want a benign excuse to call malignant because they were "doing so well till we came along, must be too many trophies." Also how come no one ever mentions that maybe our generation isn't focused on the future cause we are not even certain what that future holds? I remember coming home to my dad saying his retirement fund lost so much during 2008 and he would now have to delay his retirement for 5-10 years he looked so crushed and lost money trying to be responsible. Why would I strive for that when I have seen it blow up in his face?  Now I have to figure out if I should follow in his footsteps knowing it could all be for nothing, or try something different
0	Well if someone uses your brand name and a) is poorly run or damaging to the brand, or b) off message, for example raising money for a different issue - then yeah it would make sense to try and shut that down. They can open back up with another name. You want to control your brand and image.   Going after someone very small however can just make you look like a jerk and tarnish your brand anyway. Defense requires a sound strategy, and  my guess is that they haven't (or hadn't) quite figured it out. (Ex. "We'll go after EVERY infringement we find to send a message not to use our brand" ...well message received, but probably not the one you wanted).
1	Frankly, no. That's not an incentive structure you want to build. When someone misinterprets a noob as  a troll and reports, if he gets a negative feedback he'll see that as no more disinsentive to troll. And even in a successful report you'd only be distributing retributive  catharsus, which only reproduces harmfully. That's not even getting into troll-baiting.
1	After carrying out of terrible elo it'd be great to get more queue dodgers, more afkers, and more bad kids in the games I play....   Low elo players fail to play the game mechanically correct, in terms of just hitting buttons and clicking right, they lack any game theory concepts of how they should be playing and thus play semi-randomly, and lack any sense of timing. Everything that separates a chess match from coin flipping is lacking in their play.   1700 players have shown a grasp of the game and it's concepts and thus can improve on the aspects of their play that lack. Like starcraft a huge determining factor in pro play is based on timing and timing counters, so players at that level can learn from that. A new player can't learn from this because he has no framework of ideas to place it in, and doesn't understand the reasoning behind many of the decisions made.
1	Who is the Editor? Not a fan of serious online articles having spelling/grammatical errors.   As far as the content, I feel that outside of the Compendium, I didn't see what the other 2 points would do for Riot. As I posted in another thread, League isn't so difficult from a newbie perspective that a person can't explain to their friends with no experience in the game what is going on at a basic level. Riot's recent game design philosophy of "clarity" is actually quite well done and the LCS casters are very good at explaining the simple things repetitively (red buff ticks/slow, blue buff mana regen/CDR, Dragon $$$, Baron buff, champion basics).   The Double Elimination is a matter of preference for viewers. I personally feel like a Loser's Bracket cheapens competition because it takes away from the legitimate strategy of "cheesing" your opponent with something they couldn't have prepared for by allowing them to continue to compete after being knocked out by a team that may not be as good mechanically but was able to come up with a strategy the "better" team wasn't ready for and executing it. The best team does not always win a tournament and that is why you watch. If Samsung White/Blue somehow loses in QuarterFinals to (insert B-tier NA/EU team here) but then comes back from the Loser's Bracket for a rematch and wipes the floor with them, then the team that pulled the upset loses out because the better team had an extra chance. You can't pull out the same cheesy strat twice in a tournament against the same team of the highest caliber and expect it to work, so we never see the cheese at all. Most everyone wants to see someone other than Koreans win it (Koreans excluded) because this WC would be way more exciting if it didn't go to the region everyone expected to take it since OGN Winter started. Competition and tournaments are all about showing up on the day of the game and competing. No second chances. You have your set, you play your set, winner stays loser goes home. When the Patriots beat the Rams in the SuperBowl, the Rams would have likely won 8/10 times. They didn't get a rematch because on the actual day of the game they didn't play well enough to win it. This is all of course personal preference, but I don't believe tournaments should be to crown the "best team" around, but to crown the "best team" of the tournament. That would include being the best to adapt to a patch, the best to out-strategize your opponents that you have for the tourney. As far as I'm concerned, either of the Najin or perhaps even the Jin Air teams would be the best team in the WC. That doesn't mean they should be given an "accident forgiveness" bracket to "right the wrong" of them not showing up for a match against a team they underestimated or didn't prepare for.   That said, an NLB-style bracket that holds no weight on the actual tournament would be something I'd love to see Riot implement, perhaps with 1 or 2 extra teams from each region competing against teams that drop from Groups and the Elim Rounds. That way we could see more teams from "weaker" regions against top-tier teams and increase the amount of worldwide participation for the teams that will probably be bounced from Groups before it even starts.   No
1	The issue I see here isn't about breaking the meta.  It's about the fact that many LoL players do not know how to play certain positions.   The most difficult two being jungle and support (not because they're hard, but because very few people play them, they don't want the responsibility of that position).   IMO the part of LoL that needs to change are the people who are queuing for ranked games that get first picks and force the 4th or 5th pick to go support (even if they've never played it) and then rage at them in the game for playing the position poorly (no shit idiot, they either don't play it or don't play it enough to be good at it).   If the current meta is so crucial then more of these 1st and 2nd pick players would be grabbing support and jungle and leaving top mid and bot carry to the players who have played those positions a lot with champs that they're good at.  Having an entire team playing champs that they know how to play is more important to me than having a support bot lane who doesn't know what the fuck they're doing.  And honestly, if having a support was so important then it would be the first pick in solo queue like it is many times in pro matches.  But solo-queue players are in it for #1 and they only want people to pick a support because "that's how I see it done when I watch streams of good players."   Problem is, you (the player) aren't that good.  So shut the fuck up and let the last picks get champs that they're good with and can play well.  Honestly the only position that I care about is that my team has a jungler so that we have 3 lanes earning solo xp.
1	Yep, they wouldn't listen. It was sad.   Especially the fucking Blakinola
1	I think I will quote "At_Least_100_Wizards" >Thank you for this. Twin Shadows is better on Lux than Lich Bane is in every regard. If you are in basic attack range as Lux then you are fucking up. If you are in basic attack range as Lux and the enemy hasn't dove/killed you already, the enemy team is fucking up. Don't buy an item that requires the enemy to fuck up in order to function well.   So, if you have to die in orther to do damage, you are doing something wrong. I again want to say that it's not a really bad item on her, but there are way better items. You are lux, you HAVE to abuse your range. They shoudlnt get to you in normals situations and if they are chasing you you can use twin shadows or just use them to scout the jungle. Btw, lux has 1767hp at level 18.
1	I wonder if riot is releasing this map as a template to start themed events again.  It seems like a very basic version of our current map.  Then they can easily add new features over it to give us event maps.   So for example the whole void invasion.  Maybe for the next month it will be somewhat destroyed looking from the void infestation happening.   Another cool idea is we will get for another month the Arctic invasion stuff we voted for.   I for one miss the halloween and winter themed maps.
1	So what makes this one guy special? He's probably well off after the fire. He has friends around that legs him get on his feet right? Loans from the bank and a place for a while. Im just saying, instead of donating to some bloke, why not donate it to where it can save a life or give it to people who never had. Habitat for Humanity, gor example. What I dont get is why we should pay for a housefire when this guy clearly doesnt have it as bad while you guys are acting like hes a fucking martyr. He lives in a first world country, he's probably big enough to handle himself, and as for his sentimental value items, that sucks and I sympathize.   Where were your donations to the hundreds of people having housefires and losing their things? Its probably happening right now to them too, and Im saying that the difference between the people who are currently suffering from a fire somewhere in the world and odee is NOTHING.
0	I think a god is necessary for people with an external locus of control. They need to feel they answer for their actions. For people who take responsibility for their actions atheism is fine, but we are few and far between.
0	Yeah I know that feel.. Personally, I hate when my father father punches me in the face repeatedly when I refuse to accept his money.   lol.   But in all seriousness, as an individual that had to grind his whole way through college, whilst working a p/t job, and commuting over an hour to school everyday I will admit in the beginning I was pretty bitter about all my friends having it easier than me.   But looking back, it was worth it. I learned through my hard times to never stay complacent, work hard, expect nothing, and take what you want out of life. But more than anything else I figured out that college is not the real world; it's merely a figurative 'ticket to the game'.   Since graduating, I now out earn and have bested all of my other friends in finance who had the big bank internship experiences that I couldn't afford.   My advice? Stop accepting what isn't earned unless absolutely necessary. If your parents can pay for tuition, take it. But if you're letting them pay for your clothes, food, beer, books, and leisure time you're doing yourself a disservice in the long run.
1	Actually, the sololane is top because the two players on bottom would be able to help with dragon control more than the single solo player during the mid game. If sololane was on bottom, and the enemy sololane was on top then the enemy would have an advantage during dragon contests, etc. Therefore, sololane will be on top.
0	So I googled "racism sociological definition" and came across [the Wikipedia page.](   It starts out with "some sociologists define racism as a system of categorical privilege". Alright, fair enough. Racism exists  systematically  when some races are categorically privileged. That does not imply anything about individual racism however, which is what the people in this thread are referring to, which is, according to Oxford Dictionary:   >"the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics, abilities, or qualities specific to that race, especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races"   You're confusing two separate forms of racism together: systematic and individual. Of course sociologists are going to define racism differently; they're studying the sociological impacts of racism. The whole individual racism this thread is referring to is going to be studied by psychologists, so why are you insisting on using the sociological definition? That's beside the point, though. Here's what sociologist David Wellman defines racism as:   >"culturally sanctioned beliefs, which, regardless of intentions involved, defend the advantages whites have because of the subordinated position of racial minorities"   Now, that's an oddly specific definition of racism for someone studying sociology. What that basically implies is that  there is no such thing as racism against white people . Not only is this downright ridiculous, it completely ignores any previous historical evidence to the contrary,  even those times when white people were subordinated throughout history . Do you really expect any rational person to not see through that steaming pile of bullshit?
1	Well if you stop playing duo bot and move to a solo lane then you won't have any support to worry about.   The whole purpose of the support player is to protect you and make sure you're not absolutely useless later on in the game. The reason he is with the ADC is because ADCs need expensive items to get going and are generally the most vulnerable early-game.   Every other role should be buying wards, but you have a friend doing that for you. Every other role has to set up their own kills, but you have a friend doing that for you. Every other role has to peel for themselves, but you have a friend doing that for you. God forbid your support teammate, the person whose only job in this game is to help you, causes you to miss 40 gold on accident. Now if it happens every time and this person is incapable of securing a cannon minion, tell him kindly in chat that you're going to start taking them. There's nothing wrong with that.   We all somewhat knew the meta when we decided to main a role. If somebody doesn't want to cooperate with one person in lane, then they shouldn't main one of the two roles in the meta which most commonly take part in duo lanes. To be honest, they probably shouldn't play League at all if they don't want to cooperate with others. I'm not trying to be an asshole. Hopefully we will all start thinking like this more often and we can improve our community's attitude as a whole. One step at a time.
1	A letter to the jungler, from your Top lane   Compare all Lanes. Bot is a farm fest. If the players are somwhat good they can be behind and still freeze the lane with eaze. A gank will probably give your bot a good advantage, but thats not game breaking.   So lets go to mid! Mid lane. short. so short. and there is this awfull uncovered distance between the brushes and the actuall Lane. horrible to gank unless someone overextends. And even if you give your mid a kill, the enemy mid will probably start roaming and catch up. Sad.   And there is top lane. so long, your eye can barely see from one turret to the other. All Top Laners have CC. So much room to chase. And the best thing is: 300 gold on your top lane over the enemy top lane, results in a IMMENSE snowball. zoning, tower diving, free dragons... everything possible with a 300 g lead on your top Lane.
1	To me ZoroZero is the best fit. He's played with Dexter, so I think there is a good chance for smooth transition (and the silver lining is that if he has VISA issues - guess who subs in: NIEN!). In what appears to be a more competitive NA LCS Summer split for top 3 and spots for Worlds on the line. We could see LMQ getting in, Dig getting a star midlaner (?), Curse continue to build synergy and teamwork (they got better after BunnyFufu and are giving the top teams some long games, only a matter of time till they start winning a couple of them), as well as Coast having the threat of some really talented playmakers if they're still in LCS, you can expect them to steal some games.   So, you can't really afford to have a slow start to the split and expect to have a good seed going into the playoffs. And in best of threes, usually the higher seed wins these things, first pick matters. In NA, lower seed only won one series (Curse over Dig) and in EU lower seed only won best of three once (ROCCAT over Alliance for 3rd place). That is 10 Bo3 series won by the higher seed and only 2 by the lower. Better team or not, its hard to win against a team that has first pick and played you twice and has figured out your priorities and type of team comp you want to run and the ability to focus their bans a bit better.
1	Scim-reading here but:   You're saying that DDOS is a client issue.  Sadly it's an issue with the nature of the internet and people being assholes.  Simple as that.   Having read that I'll assume that the rest of your wall of text is unnecessary and/or ill-informed.  Giving it a second scim I get anecdotes about issues with the tribunal aaaaand..... that's it?   If you spent more time getting an idea of the challenges involved in developing and maintaining something of the scope that League is at now you would probably just have given out to those people who spoil your experience.
0	This is more important than living with for sure. You can live with friends sometimes and have it be positive. Obviously some aren't and you learn and move on.   MONEY and friendship is a bad recipe. Be it a loan, a group purchase, or a business. I've lost friends out right and lost depth to other relationships because of money.   One of my best friends that I've known for 20 something years dug himself a hole and needed to borrow 4300 dollars. I had it so I loaned it ..he was my buddy. We hung out almost daily. Had lived together.   I was flush at that time amd told him just make monthly payments. If you're sitting good make a bigger pay,ect if not..hell give me 50 bucks. I should have known almost immediately as he missed paying at all the first three months but he said I'm just finishing off my debt that you helped with and once I'm ahead I'm paying. After three months he did start paying. It was almost always 20 dollars. No huge deal I thought because hey he is making payments and I don't need the money.   Times goes on and he gets a new gf and moves to a city 20 mins away and I'm very busy running a 14000 watt three room marijuana grow house amd working about 50 hours a week as well. My life is busy and I don't notice at first that friend hasn't paid me in a few months. Don't see him as often as well. Catch up with him at the casino (I know right wtf is he doing at casino when he too broke to pay his own bills?) mention it and he pays me I believe 200 dollars that night. He was winning.   Fast forward 2 years or so (yes that long) and I've been robbed by some people of well let's say a lot of money ( can't put large amounts of cash in bank they report to IRS at any more than 9999.00) about 20 lbs of marijuana and stupidly of me ...my savings/profit.   Well when they robbed me they cut a hole in the wall of the house I was growing in and left a trail of marijuana debris all the way to the street. Police got involved (pre marijuana legalization) and even though I had used pseudonyms for bills and such I'm connected......you can't run a growing operation that big and let the power company see how use you have...it's massive and obvious....so the power was being stolen (yes my fault yes it was wrong).   So I'm neck deep deep in lawyer bills and fines as well as owing the power company a lot of money. Luckily I had an annuity account from my father passing that I cashed and paid for lawyer and most stuff involved with case and had some money hidden at my moms house. However I had to pay the power company monthly installments and I had a 700 dollar a month car payment...along with everything else.   Life isn't awesome anymore. I don't even have my annuity payments coming in...luckily I kept my job. So lucky there. I'm struggling though. Moved to a small cabin by the puget sound to reduce my bills and am kinda scraping by.   Ask my buddy hey man you still owe me money (like 3500 still) that would really help man...payments or a chunk of cash. This dude was skiing and partying wearing new shoes ect ect ect. Tells me times are tough man I'll try...I think he paid me another 1200 during a six month period. Then payments stopped again and he never came around. New diff gf new town.   Well my luck turned to shit and stayed that way. A year later my house burns down. I lost literally everything but the clothes on my back. Buddy is still living it up whenever I see him or hear about what he is up to. Dude doesn't even call me to say hey man I'm sorry your house burnt. People at work were giving me coats and shoes ect trying to help. People I didn't know (workmates friends) were helping me. Buddy didn't even offer me socks...or payment.   I went the fuck off on him one day. We never talk at all. He still owes me over 2k and sometimes I day dream about burning his truck.   I'm doing fine now. I lost a friend of two decades over money.   Sorry for extremely long post.
0	Quick link...   Gaba and acetylcholine, son.  Understand pesticides produce non intuitive effects in the offspring of affected babies.  I.e. pesticide use peaked in 1982...  And all top pesticides increase acetylcholine...  Well now, your brain in smart, so it drops of excess acetylcholine creation cells   Via the reduction in capacity perennially to create and use acetylcholine...   Our other neurotransmitters are increased...  Serotonin and dopamine...   This is my theory, anyway...  Love to get some tests.  Oh wait there are a ton of studies corroborating this...
1	I agree. Although the one game I played with him post-rework was against a zed, I ate dick all game for misjudging ranges/missing combos/generally sucking, by the end I had started roaming, catching people, and had time to farm/splitpush, (as well as our Bot lane getting stupid Fed and carrying) I ended up just popping a single combo endgame and securing the win with a triple in their base. Even people who were telling me not to play ryze again were commenting on it after game.
1	No you fools... Don't you see? You can buy RP its the only way you can support the game, and if they make everything easy accecible to everyone why would anyone buy RP?! And then they would have to make the game pay to play
0	When I was in the Navy we would go to all these awesome places. We would talk for the months we were at sea about the awesome food we would eat when we would hit port. Ship food is the worst. So when we would get where ever we were going; Spain, Italy, Greece, etc etc, all I could think about was going find different local establishments. But there is always that one asshole in the group who will only eat McDonalds.   We were in Portugal and I found this one place off the beaten path. The owner was super excited to have a bunch of Americans in. So we look at the menu and none of us can really read it, so he tells us he's just going to bring out a bit of everything. The food starts flowing and it is amazing. Dish after dish of local Portuguese food. I didn't and still don't know half of what I was eating, but it was super good. The owner was just taking great care of us. It was an awesome experience. One of the absolute best meals ive ever had. About 20 min in to the meal this 40 year old first class is pretty drunk and starts bitching that there isn't a cheeseburger on the menu and how that's the only thing he would eat. He keeps asking the owner to make him one. And just being a dick. I finally had enough and stepped way out of my rank and blew up on the guy. I basically made him go wait outside. Every time I hear people bitch about Americans over seas I think of this guy.   Fuck you HT1 Martin.
0	There are times that my GF does similar things to me, but I remind myself that I should feel lucky to have someone who wants me around.  Would some time to myself be nice? Yeah sure, but I still get that every now and then. The only actual complaint that I have is when she used to say something like, "I gave you your time, now it's my turn." I have no problem spending the time with you and I would do it by choice, but making it sound like an obligation made it seem hollow.  I talked to her about it and just requested she not say that sort of phrase. Since then it has made a difference because I don't feel like I was guilt tripped into doing whatever she wants to do, which makes me happy, and we do something that we both enjoy.   So my advice to you, is talk to her about it.  Explain how you are feeling, and come to a compromise.  If you just started a second job she might be feeling as neglected as your games are.  I don't want to come off as patronizing or insulting, this is just how I feel you will do the least harm to the relationship.  I have been a passive aggressive person in most of my relationships and it builds animosity in yourself when you do that.  You end up grumpy and resentful toward your significant other, and you will have a much higher chance at destroying the relationship because of it.   I'm already calling the comment that is somehow snarky saying, "Communication makes a relationship work?! Who knew? /s".  Yeah it is obvious, but some of us are fearful of confronting people with things that are negative.
0	There's still made in America, we just don't want to pay for it, and if it truly isn't here anymore then that's because when you don't buy something after too long it goes away.
1	I would say lux. It's obvious that someone like alkali, zed, or any assassin can easily kill him in lane. But the reason Ziggs is such a problem is because of his ability to stall games with insane wave clear until he outscalesa. Ziggs late game team fight utility craps on any one assassin, there is no replacement for late game AOE. If you choose to play an assassin against him you better get fed, help other lanes and win early. If you chose lux however, you can shield your entire team in team fights negating some of his AOE. Also if you land a snare on him or someone else cc's him you can delete him or the adc with e and ult late game.
0	Yeah I know and those are the rules I follow so that I don't unfairly downvote any user, however in the back of my brain I correlate that asshole remark I just saw with an upvote I just gave and it makes me twitch, just a little.   I guess to better explain my point, I can explain my thought process of a non "fuck this" post.  Normally (and I mean normally as it applies to me, because in the subreddits I read most posts aren't "fuck this" posts) over my time on reddit I have learned to correlate seeing a post or picture I agree with or find humorous with the urge to upvote and give the submitter the karma they deserve; and on the other hand, when I see a stupid, unfunny or offensive post my brain has naturally learned to correlate it with the urge to downvote the post.   NOW , consider a "fuck this" post where regardless that the title says the submitter doesnt agree, I see that same stupid, unfunny, or offensive content that my brain has learned to correlate with the urge to downvote.. Now do you see how I feel slightly conflicted by having to upvote it due to it being a "fuck this" post?
1	I play Nasus in Bronze and I have no idea what you're talking about.   Nasus stacks top lane for ~20-25 minutes before he can do stuff in team fights (except dying - that he can do without stacks too).   Also, I always play Nasus with 2 vision wards down, one in every top lane bush.  About ego, you are slightly right. The more stacks, the bigger the ego, the bigger the mistakes.
1	To be very clear, the OP is requesting that characters that already have functionality tied to a toggle functionality:   "/taunt" or ctrl+2   Have it tied to a different toggle, without saying the text that comes with it:   "/toggle" or ctrl+5
1	To be honest it doesn't matter. Why do you play League in the first place? To have fun right? So, if you enjoy watching League and following the competitive scene, then have at it! It is something you do to relax and it entertains you.   Its very similar to watching football or basketball. Most people that watch hardly ever play the actual sport, yet they enjoy watching a high level of competition.
0	Alan watts would say that doing it or not are one in the same and that it doesn't really matter if you are or aren't doing something because they are indistinguishable from each other in the most basic sense of reality. Not doing something doesn't mean you are against it anymore than it means you are for it, just as doing something doesn't mean you are for it anymore than it means you are against it but need to.
1	In general, I want to know how to get better at this game and gain more knowledge. I'm bronze 1 know and I feel like in the past 3 months since capping my skill level has gone nowhere. I never feel like I earn victories or that I'm outplaying anyone. Every game I go into lane and try to poke down my enemy as much as I can then all in and hope I get a kill, but the outcome feels random. I just don't feel like I'm getting better at all, I've tried spamming solo q, learning from streams our youtube guides.
1	I say this a lot in several posts regarding being a beginner in League: Just play bot games.   Story time   I started at the end of Season 1. I quit right away because I was getting thrown apart. I joined again at the end of Season 2.   I played bots games (Beginner) up until level 30. My friends made fun of me for playing Beginner, so I decided to take it up a notch to Intermediate. They still made fun of me. This time, I played normals with them and totally owned -- I caught them off guard.   They were so confused as to how a guy that played Bots all his League career to do so well in normals. Well, once I got the real basics of the game because of bot games, I knew how to use it to my utmost potential.   Playing Normals isn't going to make you get any better any faster. My friend right now plays normals like crazy but he's utterly terrible.   Tip/
0	Yes the Japanese are in the building a lot of hours but much of it isn't spent working.  There are probably 2-3 meetings a day where all that is required of them is to be a warm body in a seat.  Also, when the boss cuts out, most to all work stops because there is no authority figure they need to look busy for.  Yes there are some Japanese people who do work their tails off but no more than anywhere else.  They are at their job late because they tend to solely identify themselves with their job and, as such, so much of their socializing is either done at work or at  enkai  (work parties).  Also leaving "early" without a good excuse is looked down on because it can come across as not wanting to be a part of the team.  You don't necessarily have to be working your ass off when you are there.  You just have to be present.
1	I really think Blizzard got it right, and this harps on what OP was referring to, the players should be able to think on their own and be able to find ways around whatever is considered over powered. I don't think we can completely blame Riot for their nerfing habits because I have yet to play a game at my elo, where someone doesn't comment on at least one of the 10 champions being OP. I'm a believer that unless every single strategy has been implemented and something is still giving players problems then a nerf should be considered. OP mentioned blue flame hellions, which is a great example, but many people forget about the the nerf that Blizzard made to Marines (55 HP decreased to 45 HP), but in WoL, you still see the Marine as a vital component of the Terran army.
0	Absolutely beyond the shadow of a doubt whether you are a guy or girl with no questions asked please for the love of God try to get yourself a SINGLE dorm room next year. Yes. A room all to yourself. Believe me. You will make friends with people on your floor, around town, and in your classes. The last fucking thing you need in college is to share a room with someone. In closing, get yourself a SINGLE if you can.
1	First of all, I'm sorry for my washy English, it's not my mother's tongue.   The reason why Alistar, Blitz and Leona aren't and shouldn't be labeled as supports is for the simple fact that they don't contribute with any real support-power.   Now what I mean by that is not that they shouldn't be played as support, by all means, that's where they fit in the meta, but they don't contribute with any real supporting power, except for alistar wich i DO think could be labeled as support. Let's take Blitzcrank as an example, his Q is the infamous hook, it's a great support(by means of meta) ability, but doesn't give any buffs to your allies, your W, E and R works by the same principles, they do not affect allies.   If you look at other support, they all have something to contribute to ones allies with, for example; Nunu's W gives a buff to allies, thresh lantern gives an ally a shield (and obviusly great survivability), and I'd say Soraka speaks for herself.   Riot can't adjust the definition of a champion or role simply because the meta is what it is.   I do however agree with what many of earlier comments have said, to be able to make your own, personalised character tabs.
1	i know this will be buried but i have games like that all the time in normals (i know you dont believe me) but im in a community that has made me able to lose 8 games in a row and admit my mistakes and still go for one more game
1	This right here is why i stopped jungling. almost without fail, I will have a lane who bitches that they never get ganks even though they have the enemy hugging their own tower because they pushed it so hard. Then they get ganked because they dont have a river ward. So i put my wriggles ward down there for them instead of warding objectives or jungle. Or the best is when im getting blue or red and gank the lane closest to the buff and the lane furthest away is like wtf man why you gank lane closest to you?
0	as someone who has experiences depression, anxiety, social awkwardness, and recently of a few years extreme paranoia, I have always had the option to take drugs. i avoided it with all my strength and have never taken a pill for anything, however living with these various things and taking nothing for it is a bittersweet reality on the one hand i don't do great in school, have very little friends who i believe don't like being around me, have been bullied my entire life for always being like this, and have wanted to kill my self a few times. on the other hand i have had 2 other friends (i use that term loosely) who where fairly calm but who failed a bunch of classes because they just couldn't keep themselves down, they got hooked on these anti-blank drugs did great but once they could no longer afford it one lived a enriching life of going nuts and killing himself the other robbed a convenient store and is now facing 5 years in prison. in the end at least i didn't end up like them
0	I currently work here, as I have for almost two years now with 75% being service, I'm trained in all areas(baby, electronics, service and even BOH) and I will say almost all our calls other than "do you have this" or what time we open is filled with calls complaining about either the online site or another store. If it's a good call, take the survey at the top of the receipt, and call corporate if trilled with the service. If you need to complain call the store first, I promise we'll try to make it right(at least at our store here in VT), and if we can't and you're still angry, go ahead call corporate. I know I and all my managers will try to make a problem right. People also have to realise we have nothing to do with the online store(call 1.800.TOY.SRUS
1	Gold V is good now?   It is better than average, but if you actually read my post, you'll see I never said I was good.   > It has way more to do with the team's strategy and individual skill to an extent than it does "making plays"   By making plays I didn't mean singular player plays, although those do happen often. I meant that at least once per game, I'll see a team do something amazing. Whether it's a great strategy that they pull off, or a masterfully executed team fight, they, as a team, make a great play.   > It's not that they are all "Better" mechanically or some shit. Asian people are not born with some super human mechanical league skill.   I'm not sure if this is a response to me specifically, but if you reread what I wrote I never said they were better mechanically. You're putting words in my figurative mouth.   > It's that they are way more practiced and coordinated. Everything they do seems to have a clear and concise purpose and matches well with the teams goals and strategy for that game.   Yes, you're right. That's actually sort of my point, asian teams as a whole appear to be very strong.   >
1	I used to enjoy watching Phantom's stream but it's a simple fact he rages and flames way too much.  I've seen him argue for strange picks at champ select and demanding picks, while his teammates are picking  in  order and following the standard meta.   Then he'll pick anything he wants and instructs his "student" to do the same because "Hey, I'm fucking phantom lord and I'm giving this dude lessons, and you guys are fucking lucky to have us carry you.  Now let me put on a Seether song and have my goatee carry you."  Only to get out-laned and blame his teammates.   When it goes well sure it's fun to watch sometimes, but when it doesn't you should prepare yourself to hear excuses the whole time regardless of who's fault it is and that's where the frustration comes in for me while Im watching.
1	He's not a champion anymore, but the pre-rework Heimerdinger was the most underrated for his time. I mained him and reached Diamond playing him with a 64% win rate, but picking him back then was ridiculous. I often had people literally begging me to pick any other champion in the game, others would start up with the 'gg thanks heimer', some would flat out troll and pick a mid laner after I did hoping to cause enough chaos to cause a dodge.   It got to the point where I had to link my lolking and explain I'm not a troll every time I picked him to try and keep the team calm, and even then people wouldn't care.   Side story: I remember a game where I first picked Heimer, the team was immediately pissed off so second pick chose Shaco and third pick took Teemo, other rage inducing picks. The last two picks took Lulu and Corki to round out the Yordle comp, and we completely destroyed them. AP Shaco, Heimer (Old Heimer where he turrets didn't deactivate) and Teemo was probably one of the ridiculous things I've ever seen. All we had to do was stand around Baron, wait for them to try and get to us and they'd die without a fight starting.
0	Here, let me give you a little backstory so you can understand where i am coming from. I will keep it short and sweet.   I grew up on a farm, working was a major part of my childhood. We werent rich farmers. We were poor self-sufficient pig farmers and there a few very bad years.   I joined the Navy because of the GI bill with dreams of becoming the first person in my family to obtain a college education.   After I served my time I attended one of the most reputable Universities in the world and obtained my ME ( Mechanical). I worked a full time job the entire time.   After that I always took advantage of every opportunity to increase my income, skill, training and education. Even if that meant moving 900 miles away.   Currently, I have an upper-level management position (facilities and maintenance) at a Fortune 500 company in the Austin, Tx area and things have never been better   I deal with higher-ups everyday. I see all of the shenanigans and bullshit first-hand. I see all of the incompetence and the out of whack income levels. Those people got to that level because they are fucking smart....smarter than me and I assure you that I am pretty fucking smart.   Not everyone will be a CEO. I personally dont desire it. I am hands on with my subordinates and have their respect which is more important.
1	I think it's interesting how up to Season 2, and even for a lot of Season 3, ADCs were ticking timebombs of "you can't deal with this" three shotting tanks, and when they are finally brought more in line with other roles everyone loses their minds.   There was a great post on the forums a while ago that highlighted this attitude. ADCs getting bursted too hard? Better nerf burst mages and assassins. ADCs not doing enough damage? Better nerf tanks and tanky items. ADCs were the center focus of balance for the LONGEST time, mostly because they were the center focus of every team comp and strategy for the longest time.   Now other roles can carry just as well, but it feels like ADCs are so much weaker. While they are weaker comparatively to Season 2 and 3, they are more in line with other roles, and we should really only be more concerned if they have less impact than any other role.   Riot has decided that every role should have the opportunity to carry in some form, ADCs were the strongest role for the majority of the game's history; significantly stronger than top lane, slightly stronger than mid, and incredibly stronger than support or jungle. Now junglers and supports are much better, ADCs are slightly worse(lets not pretend they don't hurt with a crit item or two), mid lane was a bit better for most of Season 3 and 4, but is more in line after the last slew of assassin nerfs. Top lane is kind of a wild card, with picks like Jax or Nasus that can hypercarry, but other picks that can have questionable effects on the overall pace and direction of the game, to the point of borderline uselessness.
0	I don't think I've ever met a girl who wore something provocative and then didn't expect to get hit on. In fact, when I dress nicely and go to a club, I don't have a problem with guys asking me to dance or if I'd like a drink. I'll decline just as politely as they've asked.   I'll say that I've literally been grabbed so hard on a dance floor that I've had to use grappling moves to get away, and have guys not take 'no' for an answer till I can get the attention of a male friend.
1	As for the first part, I have to disagree with your outlook on it because I don't think it's that simple.  Let's say what Athene says was true, and that he gets a lot of trolls every day because he has a large hater-base.  If the sole intent of the troll is to make the game hard for him, then there are ever so many ways to make the game hard for him without leaving a trail of evidence for tribunal.  For example, banning his champions is not going to show up on tribunal, neither will summoner names for people to know that he's really Athene.  If a person doesn't get to ban his champions and goes into the game with their goal of making it harder for him to win in mind, they may play a champion that they aren't good at on purpose, or they may intentionally perform badly.  Tribunal will not be able to tell if they are "trolling" unless they make it obvious in the chat, in items, or have too many deaths, and it's really easy to get away with it if you aren't dumb about it.   I do agree that he should learn how to play other champions though.
0	Look at it this way. You have countless options to try to turn your life around and instead of committing to one of them or multiples you are choosing to view the negativity of life and therefor think the only option out is to die. Choosing to kill yourself is an extremely simple way to 'resolve' the emotions that you are feeling and cannot deal with. It's for this reason that people assume it's selfish. You've thought only of yourself in making that decision because you can't deal with your issues in what most people would consider an appropriate manner.
1	I think to fix kha'zix they have to make all his evo viable while not all at once. They should hard nerf his normal q but super buff the isolation damage on evo q and scale harder off items. This will make it so he's more like an assassin if you want to build him that way and cant just go into 5 people and kill a adc while being tanky. They should also make his w a more sustain/cc (heal of all explosions and maybe 50% slow) aoe tool if you want to be in the middle of fights. E is great. His r should give less DR (maybe 30%) when evolved but make it so when unevolved he gets like 10% when in stealth so it's not an priority to evo unless you wanna be a full tank and also maybe less MS. So if you want to go assassin glass cannon you go q e w and kill or chase isolated targets. Or if you want to go tank you go w e r. If they go without e they have a huge lose in utility but more a immobile bruiser.
0	I had roommates with this logic. It's not exactly fair though. When my boyfriend moved in with me we showered together, watched tv at the same time, and shared a laptop, there's no way he contributed more to utilities. My roommate however ran a huge desktop computer 24/7 and then had to run a/c constantly to cool his room because the computer produced so much heat. Our power bill went up $100 in a month and he tried to blame it on my bf. He went so far as to claim that opening the fridge more often was the reason the power went up. At the same time he'd have his "sex slave" over for half the month who would bring her own laptop and shower separately. There was no resolution, my boyfriend and I had to move out and I still "owe" one roommate $100 for power that the other roommate should be paying for.
0	Rule #1: Just because you are a male, does not mean you need constant "coaching" at cooking. Especially if you are a professional chef. It's also not "cute" when a male is trying to cook, and obviously has the right experience and knowledge...   Rule #2: Do not assume you are better at cooking from other people just because you have been cooking for a long while. There is a huge difference between a cook and a chef.
0	Just think for a few seconds.   This post is on the front page.  To get on the front page a post must accrue a high number of upvotes.  To get upvotes a post has to be seen, digested, then judged by a redditor.   You might notice that many people (over 4000) have viewed this post and furthermore one might observe that 700+ of those people have left comments.   Equiped with this knowledge and the fact that comments are governed by the same upvote/downvote system as posts, we recognize that most of the comments you see are what have been filtered by the same audience that deigned to view and assess this post.   Given the facts that the OP dumped a girl and left her 45 minutes away from home, and the appraisers of this post found this acceptable or even humorous (given the post has a positive number of upvotes), we can come to the realization that White Knights and Feminazis would be a minority in the viewers.   If we note that the post was 5 hours old by the time that you  thoroughly  browsed the comment section we could come to the conclusion that if there were White Knights and Feminazis, they would quite likely be buried under comments that the audience of this post found more appealing.   If you would have given it a few seconds thought before posting you wouldn't have been downvoted and I wouldn't have wasted 5 minutes of my life explaining how to use deductive reasoning.
1	As a support main, I legitimately miss Season3. Sure we were dedicated ward-bots, but we had our own special niche. We controlled lane phase through naturally higher base damages, and we could carry mid and late game simply by providing vision where it was needed, a smart support only needs 6-8 wards to cover 85%(arbitrary but fairly accurate) of the map. We didn't have items with an overabundance of CDR and mana regen, and items geared towards supports were truly efficient.   Now we have very nice GP5 items, but aside from those we're reduced to either building the same AP items but on a much tighter budget, or wasting tons of gold efficiency buying the same stats over and over just to get that Mikael's/Locket active. Yes, it's easier to snowball into a damage carry as support now, but I always thought of support as the most "meta" position: less reliant on mechanics, but much more dependent on controlling the overall flow of the game through smarter item choices, through less ability spamming and more thoughtful use thereof.   Riot clearly wants to make all 5 positions equally desirable in SoloQueue, but I think the truth of the matter is that there are 4 real gold sources on the map: 3 lanes and a jungle. With 5 players, someone has to be missing out on gold, therefore items, and therefore scaling. That player, then, has to make the most use of their brains over their brawn. No, they won't be able to 1v1 anyone else on the enemy team, but through good management of their abilities and what limited actives they can afford, they generally provided more CC and anti-CC than the other 4 players.
1	Each team gets 15 minutes of the pause timer. Think of it like a basketball game where each team gets a certain amount of timeouts. Once they are out of timeouts, they can't stop the game no matter what the reason is.   In this situation, TBD's support player disconnected and could not reconnect within the 15 minutes allotted to each team. Velocity should not have to waste their pause time because of something that is wrong on TBD's side.   Granted, this type of situation would not happen in a LAN setting, but because it is an online tournament, there are rules that must be followed to ensure equal gameplay across each match.   Even though Velocity was behind significantly when Bubba DCed, they should not be forced to remake/forfeit because of a problem on the other team.   A good comparison would be soccer. If a player is found to be continually violating the rules, they get a red card and are forced to leave the game. This puts that player's team at a handicap. Even if that team is up 3-0, the losing team gets a chance to come back and wouldn't have to surrender. In this game, TBD used up 15 minutes of pause time (a rule set my the tournament), and their player was not back in time. To continue to pause the game would be a violation of the rule, and could be subject to an automatic forfeit (don't know the exact rules/punishments). Instead of forfeiting due to pause time, they started the game up handicapped, which Velocity has all the right to come back and try to win.
0	Imagine there is a circuit of relay races...different paths to "success" and there is one group (whites) of people that designed the circuits, defined, enforced the rules and, for everyone that chooses to, they race among themselves. Each time the baton is passed, look at that as a new generation in a family and, eventually, families begin to work together to increase the likelihood of them being about to succeed. This happens over the course of over 100 years so, the path & steps needed to reach success are at least understood by everyone.   Now, imagine there's another group (minorities) of people that for hundreds of years weren't allowed to watch the races then over the course of a generation were then told, they may watch the races but, only on the other groups terms. Meaning, they could only watch certain parts of certain races. This goes on for 100 years and after a lot of protests, violence etc. the group demands the ability to not only watch all the races but also compete in them. This group has a few stand outs that succeed and then other people try to follow suit and, as new paths to success are identified by this group, they recognize in order to build a successful foundation for their younger generations, their needs change. Unfairly, a lot of people from the former group have already honed in their skills and have had a foundation built for them that allows them to succeed.
1	This game has become too fucking competitive for it to be fun anymore.  There has to be an in between.  Every champ, build, game, is either tryhard or troll.  What happened to tryhard casual?  If you are getting paid to play this game, or you are an exceptionally good player with dreams of one day getting paid to play this game, my post does not apply to you.  I love competitive league of legends, and watch every lcs/ogn game I can (kinda hard with my work schedule, but I try.   I just hate when people play things that make the game boring.  Especially if it is boring for both players.  If you are an adc that ACTUALLY LIKES playing caitlyn, a support who actually enjoys sona, a top laner who actually likes gragas, maokai, or alistar, go for it.  If you think its a boring champion that lanes safely and will "carry you through this elo"  dont do it.  Everyone hates you.   This does not mean I advocate trolling.  If you enter a ranked game with me, you pick soraka adc and you rush runaan's hurricane, because "banna splits op"  I hate you.  But if you really enjoy quinn or urgot, and admit they are lower tier champs right now (as botlane adcs, I know they are both monsters toplane) GO FOR IT ANYWAYS.
1	exactly. And, as a jungler, it's really easy to fall a few levels behind due to ganking and lane pressuring... So you don't scale properly on that regard either.
0	When I first was comfortable driving stick on the road (5 speed 1996 Ford Contour) anytime I was at a light on a hill, and the person behind me was really close, I would stick my hand out my sun roof signaling the driver behind me to back up. I would do pretty much anything a motorist could do to inform the driver behind me that he was too close.   One time that I actually got hit was because of a steep hill pretty much on a 35 degree. Only scuffed up my bumper a bit but the driver and I got out and he was angry that I allowed his car to hit me. I told him that I drove a stick and he apologized. He gave me $50 to buffer the scuff in my bumper (and not involve insurance). Also he taught me to try to use the e-brake in lieu of the foot brake when I am going, so I can have better control of my car.   Eight years later today, I would say that I do not have this problem anymore, but still it is courtesy to never be up someones ass while driving.
0	I declined an offer to a uni first because I didn't know what I wanted to do, didn't have the money, and it was the best decision I ever made. I can't stand the people who trash talk community college. I saved so much money, all my professors taught at other really good schools like ucla and Loyola Marymount college, and I had a lot more options to change my mind about my major. All my friends on the east coast still have that bias against community colleges and think they're just for people who aren't smart enough to get in a "real" school but in California they have a transfer program that feeds directly into the big universities. Now that I'm at a UC I literally haven't met anyone who didn't go to a CC first. Save your money kids! You'll get just as good of an education, you have smaller classes where your Professors actually know your name and your not being taught by some TA who you're paying $2,000 for with no experience and it's a much better transition from high school into a four year school.
0	When I went into labor with my first child, my water broke on the floor. Anyone who's had a child can tell you it is not technically "water" but a substance that dries to a crunchy consistency on carpet. So that night after baby is born, my husband goes home to clean it up and finds dog eating it.
0	I wouldn't be so quick to judge the guy, I don't go to my dad or my sister's graves, haven't in about 5 years.   It's not because I'm not over it, they both died a long time ago. I just don't see the point in going. That's doesn't make me a scumbag, just like OP's cousin isn't a scumbag.   I'm only 21 so maybe in a few years I'll start visiting and maybe in a few years OP's cousin will change his mind too.
1	Play better. Dodge them. Build MR. Buy Banshee's.
0	I'm not from the states so it hard to accurately comment on their issues, however; from my point of view, it's a mix of a lot of things that need to be fixed.   Mental health is always going to be an issue in society, you can't just cute it, so greater measures need to be taken to better diagnose, and treat people with mental disabilities. One massive thing that needs to change, and it's the same here in Australia, the stigma surrounding mental health needs to be dropped. People need to be able to go get help without the fear of people judging them.   Secondly, guns are an issues. Too many guns too freely available. I know Americans don't like to hear it, but not everyone should be able to just go buy any gun they want so easily. Background checks, restrictions and regulations on the safe storage of guns and ammunition will lower deaths caused by guns. Even if it is just lowering suicide rates, it is a good thing.   Now to what I think is the biggest issue. Economic inequality in the population. The rich earn far too much, and the poor earn far too little. How is this a gun issue? If people don't think burglary and hold ups are the only way they can keep their heads above water, the won't do it. If that happens, I'll take a stab in the dark and say murder rates with guns will drop.   I'm on my phone so it's a little hard to type this out, but hopefully I got my point across.
0	Unfortunately just about every state in the US has pretty strict doctor-patient confidentiality laws. There is no way in hell your therapist would be allowed to testify or reveal anything she said to him/her.   Have you actually discussed this matter with your lawyer? I think you're heading for a rude awakening. If you don't live in a 1-party state the recording won't be admissible. Even if that's not the case, the fact she cheated on you doesn't actually matter. To date, there is no case law that specifically addresses adultery. But the law is very clear that alimony awards have to be based on what is 'just', which means taking into account the obligee's ability to support themselves and the obligor's ability to pay, and that fault can't be considered. Judges have to write alimony orders "without regard to misconduct." This means that the family court can't consider any kind of fault or marital misconduct, including adultery, when it makes decisions about alimony.   What will happen is the family court will want you two to work out an agreement, if you can't come to one the judge will look over all the pertinent information (financial obligations held by either party, standard of living during the marriage, length of marriage, etc). The judge will then determine how much and how long you will have to pay. The goal in the judges decision will be to achieve approximate equality.
1	this is the least of Draven's problems. any frequent Draven player will tell you that you will 'feel' where your axes will land. 90% of the time you shouldn't need an indicator.   -While it would be nice to see where it lands, consider it a benefit. You know where the axe is headed better than the enemy. A huge problem with Draven since the blood nerf is that it isn't worth it to tell the enemy where you're going to stand in a second because you can't deal enough damage (unless youve already cashed out a few times and begun to snowball).   -
1	It's nice to see riot are trying new things but shouty black guy's
0	Had a friend who dared me to "flick off" another friend at the lunch table.  So, as the cool 5th grader that I was, I did the nonchalant middle finger rubbing the eye trick.  Little did I know, my annoying childhood friend had already told the very meanest lunchlady of my endeavors. I had to sit at the "red light" table for a week.
1	Masteries make no sense.... you dont need 2 points in wealth just the single point gets you the extra ward. You do not need the enhanced recall or the enhanced ward vision.   9 in defense is pretty silly when you can take 4 in AP and 3 in CDR with 2 points in Armor
1	None of the changes listed will fix this.   You identified the problem area pretty well. I'm 1900+ rated and when I'm unfortunate enough to get a 1600 player in my games, I can usually tell that they're 1600 just by the way they play; generally, very poorly.   The problem is that the number of people between 1200 and 1600 is so high that skill completely gets thrown out the door. Instead, your team composition and how much bad is on each team decides almost every game. Winning and losing is completely luck, no matter how good or bad you are.   Because of this, really bad players can stay hovering in the 1200-1700 range for a long time, when they actually belong below 1200.   Once you break 1700, everyone above that rating is generally skilled. I very rarely have a game where anyone on my team feeds or does horribly. When I do, it's usually a 1600 or even lower duo queue. In most of these games, there's zero chance of carrying a bad player; if you have one on your team, you'll usually lose without having a chance of winning.   I would suggest adding a way to rate players on both teams after games (this person did good, this person did bad). If a person is consistently getting good ratings, give them some extra rating for their wins. If the person is consistently getting bad ratings, give them less rating or take more for their losses. This would help fix the bad players who manage to keep their rating solely due to luck.   Another solution would be to consider games played as part of matchmaking. If you reduce the entry point, you're sticking new players or even smurfs into the cesspool of terrible players, and their skill level is disregarded. An old 1200 player with 1000 ranked games played shouldn't be able to drag down a new 1200 player with 2 ranked games played. By keeping matches close in number of games played, you don't have this problem.   Yet another thing that would help is an option to set how long you're willing to sit in the queue, or what rating difference you're willing to play with. At higher rating, you often get terrible match ups (i.e. difference between highest and lowest on your team is 300+ rating). These games are usually very undesirable. I think I speak for most high rated players when I say that we would rather sit in the queue for 5-10 minutes and get a good game with close ratings, rather than sit in the queue for 1 minute and get a team with huge rating differences.
1	TBH can't tell if sarcasm or not, but I will still answer this.   The thing is IMO you should only cs when you are going to cap a turret alone to cap it faster. Otherwise it is too time consuming because being at the turret 10secs faster can really make a difference in winning or losing the game.   Also capping the turret before all enemies spawn again is really a must. I see so many people pushing cs while they couldve gotten the turret for 'free' and by the time they and the cs arrive at the turret the enemy is already back.   You get enough gold for capping turrets, kills and assists.
1	ok even though this might not get read at all ill just go ahead since i got nothing else to do atm.   yes, it is true that EUW looks like its being treated under the average, and i dont deny that maybe boycott could work, but it could also not work, since RIOT is already working on getting new servers. the thing is, they really care about their players in general, and they do a lot to help the players. They have no obligation for example to give you the 3RP you need for that skin you love in exchange for a sketch. They listen to what the players ask, they try to improve with our constant complaints, they make skins based on what we think it would be awesome, these are just a few examples. so, yes, you can be mad that your favorite FREE game is having some issues on a certain server, but you also have to understand that it is not easy to run a huge community without some down times.
0	Yes.  Great.  Other jobs, as ways to get out of the shit job of being a cashier for people like you, are getting outsourced.  Awesome, and I'm supposed to feel good about this?   As for manning up.  Here, how about I assault your ears with same fucking jokes every day for a year, and then tell me how easy it is to smile and laugh after hearing them yet again.  As for what my job is, I'm only a supplementary cashier, I'm only ringing people up less than half the time, unless it's really busy.  And I'm still sick of the jokes.  Doesn't mean I can't crack a smile, chuckle, and joke right back.  But when I get people telling others that it's basically my job to be your doormat, you're immediately a shit excuse for a human.  From how you're pointing things out, you're probably the person that goes out of their way to make things hard on cashiers, then feels justified for doing so for some odd reason.   As for if it matters... Yes.  Yes it does matter.  If it wasn't for people being there to stock the shelves, to ring you out, to clean up your trail of shit after you leave, how the fuck would you get anything?  And what of those who are doing the job for a little bit to try and have some form of income while going to school?  What of those still in high school that the only place that will take them is the fast food industry or being a cashier at some place?
1	Not particularly.  It's true her skill set is great and she is still a strong champion individually.  The problem is that there are many other top laners that fill her role  better  than she does.  She gets pretty stomped on by Udyr, Lee Sin, Riven, etc. and they fill very similar roles at every point in the game.  If you enjoy Irelia by all means, go for it. Like you said, she's still pretty strong - it's just not the best choice you can make in most situations.   This is coming from someone with 150 ranked games on Irelia (and at least a few hundred normals - I usually play w/ friends) @ a ~60% win rate in season 1.  Certainly not god-like but I know Irelia pretty well.  I switched to prioritizing Udyr when I needed to fill the bruiser/carry-killer role and my win rate on him is 72% this season while doing a job that is basically identical (smothering carries and absorbing damage).  Sure, Udyr does have a few general counter picks (slows like Nunu's iceball make it hard for him to jump on carries) but you have to try pretty damn hard to lose your lane.  He beats nearly every champ top lane.
1	It's hard to respond to this post because I think you're just ignorant on so many aspects of the game.  I think you're also looking back at Season 1 with some seriously rose-tinted glasses. Yes the meta has evolved a little bit since Season 1, but I don't see why that's a bad thing.   Oh no, things are different! That must mean it's bad!   Then you go on this strange Dominion rant.  Oh you can troll build in Dominion?  Good for you.  I don't want to see that shit in Summoners Rift because I like competitive matches where people play the most effective builds.  I don't even get why you list Athene's Grail on Orianna, as if you can't build that in Summoner Rift?  I build that all the time on certain champions.
0	Since you mention Amazon...   My book store started to upload a page where they "compared" prices to other websites like half.com and Abebooks.com. However, I noticed that there were no Amazon prices listed. Originally I just assumed that the Amazon books were a lot more expensive than the list comparing the other "cheapest" 15 prices. I became curious because some of the other prices on the list were 5 times more expensive than the price the book store offered, and usually Amazon is pretty cheap. I checked out Amazon and it turns out most of my books were half the price the book store offered. The book store left the Amazon prices off the list! Was it on purpose? I think so!
0	It's funny that I came across this because I used to feel the exact same way about it. Now I am currently dating a woman with a son. I had a thing for her years ago but it never went anywhere because of age differences. She had a kid at 16, she's almost 19 now. I was really upset about it because I wanted a relationship with her, but when I heard she was having kid I went off my rocker because of how I felt, that I could never ever be with a woman with a kid. Not just because of feeling OP's way, but also because I zero experience with children, being an only child, and have never made any effort to change that. I honestly couldn't stand being around them for even 5 minutes. I was even angry at her for getting pregnant, and she was so confident that her ex was going to see her through it, even gave the kid his last name.   I decided to just go for it and change my mindset. I'm certainly not in a position in life to have any children of my own yet (24, still want to finish my education & such), but I'm taking it as a learning experience for when I do want one or two of my own someday. I've already learned a lot, and she is okay with the fact that I'm just not experienced. I'm not comfortable enough yet to be changing his diaper or really holding him or getting physically close, and I still have my beliefs about it all looming over me, but I've gotten a lot more comfortable and I've learned how to deal with him in certain circumstances. We live some ways apart and I only see her for a few days a week (when finances permit, sometimes a couple weeks), so I'm certainly not "raising" the kid, and I really don't know what I would say if he ever asked me "would you love me as much as your own kid?"   I still have a long ways to go, and there are definitely better candidates out there for her as far as having a man to help raise her son, but I'm trying and I'm learning, and I am happy that I was able to get over my past beliefs about it all and be in a relationship with someone I love and care a great deal for. I hope that I do get better with it all so that I actually can help raise him and be better prepared for when I have my own.
1	Trolling when you don't get your pick is stupid.   Being a douche about having an earlier pick and making a big show about taking what someone else called or asked for is asking for trolls and butthurts.  The army that marches with butthurts loses every time.
0	An observation that I've seen, and that I'll probably get yelled at for, but this is just what I've noticed in my 21 years:   Lesbians aren't "feared" by women because most women don't think their lesbian friend is out to fuck them unless they outright make a confession or make a move. Meanwhile, I see a gay guy talk to a male stranger and you can instantly watch a guy's expression change. Men seem to think that all gay men are out to turn them gay. It's not everyone, but I've seen a lot of men do it and no woman under the age of 50 react the same to a gay man or woman.
0	The science behind this additionally explains why careful parents can end up leaving their children I their cars. What occurs here is that you are mainly using different parts of your brain; your basal ganglia to less than consciously drive while using your hippocampus to provide actual thought. The basal ganglia deals with natural routes and routines, and one can train it to do new things like help with, say, routes during driving. Now this is where your brain becomes the biggest scumbag on the planet. When parents can go to take their kids to daycare in the morning,, sometimes the basal ganglia (which is very small by the way) takes over and sends them on their usual route to their workplace, or their local grocery, etc. Hell, this can even continue as they walk into the facility and do what they would normally do. The basal ganglia conveniently sends one along, as you think about the plot twist on your favorite show, or how your wife's back condition has been deteriorating, or how your infant daughter is... Oh shit. Your daughter. And thats's how it ends. That's when your brain switches off the autopilot and you are back to regular conscious thought. That's where your basal ganglia should just shut up and walk away for a while.
0	This is a well thought-out post. The only issue is that there  are  programs that exist, but unless a mentally ill or deficient person is a danger to themself or others, they have the choice whether or not to participate and many times they choose not to. It's not really up to us (I believe), as a society, to decide what is the  right  thing for people to do. Maybe drinking maddog outside the liquor store makes them happier than working a desk job ever would.   People do what they do for a reason- even if they don't understand it. People do not do things that aren't rewarding to them. When you have people that don't fit into society, it's because they are more sensitive to the rewards of something than a normal person, or less sensitive to the punishments than a normal person. Here's my example: a rapist is someone more motivated to commit acts of sexual aggression than the average person and/or less deterred by the possibility of hurting someone or getting caught. This could be because they don't properly understand or predict the consequences of their actions due to a mental deficiency, or because at the time they commit the rape, the reward in the moment is outweighing any deterrent (which could be caused by any number of factors e.g. drug use).   I picked rape as an example because I wanted a vivid example of an activity that is not acceptable in society, but occurs anyway. I'm saying that being homeless is equivalent (clearly). But people make decisions that we don't understand and so long as they aren't harming anyone, we don't have the power to change those decisions. What we can change however, is  how  rewarding or punishing something is. Example: if a homeless population is alcoholic, let them drink on the job. (okay maybe a bad example. a better idea would be to treat them for alcoholism first, but since many see treatment as a punishment, that's not going to happen either...)   Hm that went on for much longer than I intended.
0	Look, this is not the common core.  This misconception drives me crazy. The common core asks educators to make sure that students understand methods rather than merely get results.  It does NOT require the particular methods that everybody says.  These are decisions that SCHOOLS and TEACHERS make in implementing the common core, because they are still thinking in dumb pre-core terms: they want grading to be easily quantifiable like it was when only the answer mattered. So they make one formula "the answer."  Common core actually asks for MORE FLEXIBILITY (so students can get MORE credit if they understand which formula to apply and why, but transpose a number in the answer, getting it "wrong").
1	Shouldn't have rushed the Spirit of Ancient Golem if the enemy team has a Katarina...   If it wasn't a straight rush (aka midgame) then you should have auxiliary MR items (Runic Bulwark's item tree comes to mind).   To be honest, a straight rush of the Spirit Stone upgrade items is actually not very optimal because part of the item's stats is only effective vs jungle creeps and not vs champions.   Mercury Treads have a combine cost of 850 gold from regular boots while the Negatron Cloak costs 810 gold total and offers 45 MR vs 25. Once again, Katarina has no cc.
0	I tell you what grinds my gears.  Any stories that are based on lists.  Like "Top 10 Anything" but the author of the stories refuses to use numbers or bullet points.  Because they think their story is so god damn special they don't want people skipping through just reading the highlights.  They're forcing you to read the whole damn thing and you have to discern for yourself what the top ten points actually were.   Well screw you.  Number it or use bullet points or it's
0	You're getting downvoted, but I couldn't agree with you more. I was just accepted into ob/gyn residency program. Going into medschool I NEVER thought I'd be interested in this specialty, but I love it. I do a lot of prevention programs in the inner city with at-risk teens. As far as "the pill" goes, yes, it fails- but not nearly as much as one would think. You wouldn't believe how many people come in, find out they are pregnant and say "...but that's not possible! I was on the pill!" I'm talking like one out of fifteen people. Statistically, that's not possible. Then when you start talking to them in depth, 9 times out of 10 it's a factor of incorrect use. "But I've only skipped a few days!"...."I try to take it every day, but sometimes I forget." IF YOU ARE TAKING YOUR BIRTH CONTROL PILL  CORRECTLY  THE CHANCES OF PREGNANCY ARE VERY, VERY SLIM. That's why I stress to these young adults- find a time within a 2 hour window that will work for you most days, such as when you first wake up, or eat lunch. The best way is to set an alarm on your phone and take it at the same time every day. Missed a day? If you have been on the pill for 2 months or more, that most likely won't be a problem. However, always use a backup method such as a condom.   I'm sure a bunch of people will reply with their story about how they got pregnant even though they used the pill correctly- Yes, I get it- that can happen too. But it's fairly rare. If you don't want to get pregnant, use 2 methods.
0	I knew a guy on a road trip that stopped in Virginia at a reststop to sleep in his car for the night instead of an hotel. He drank a few beers before he went to sleep. About an hour after he fell asleep in his car a cop did a random patrol and saw a car turned off. Thats somewhat unusual because normally only truckers and rv's are at rest stops to sleep. The cop woke him up to make sure he was ok and smelt alcohol. He blows around a .09 and gets taken to jail. He decides to take it to trial by jury. He was in his 50's with no criminal record and had  faith that he did nothing wrong. The law in Virginia says if you possess keys in a vehicle while intoxicated its a dui. Because he took it to jury the judge threw the max penalty at him of 1 year in jail.
1	This is just a minor thing. The point is pros/celebrities are always expected much more than the average person. Froggen represents League of Legends by being one of the top players in the world, and he should act like it too. If I were a random person who didn't play League of Legends and I would see a guy who is a professional League gamer who makes a lot of money and plays all over the world talk shit like Froggen did, I would think League of Legends is just a game for kids who like to flame and be arrogant, somewhat like Call of Duty.   It's not about "treating Froggen like a human". It's about Froggen respecting his "pro status" and acting accordingly. THIS is the one and ONLY reason video games are still considered childish or a waste of time by many people - because people like Froggen (and pretty much 90% of pro players) make it seem like it really is a bunch of little kids with their nose held high telling everyone else that they suck.   eSports will never ever be as big/mainstream as other forms of media/sports until people like Froggen are started to be considered unfitting for professional play, since they are not professional whatsoever. This is also the reason why I don't root for any American or European teams - because they're mostly a bunch of kids who happen to be really good at the game (I'm talking about their attitude, not their age. I'm only 20). Just my 2 cents. (and please don't downvote me just because I said I don't like TSM)
1	For the people asking me about a solo queue tier list, I'll just type a short one real quick:   Tier 1:   Lucian  - Overall really strong kit, can be picked in any situation, strong laning phase, mid game and late. Good at snowballing and can take control of lane once you get a lead really easily. Has no real drawbacks.   Twitch  - Decent laning phase, snowballs really hard, amazing late game, the only ADC to have map pressure past mid game due to his stealth and can pick easily, and his ult just tears through teamfights. However has no escape once his stealth is used other than slow.   Tier 2:   Draven  - Extremely strong throughout the game, and can snowball because of passive, however lack of mobility makes him a risky pick. Ult can be used to snipe people across the map, and can use his E to interrupt gapclosers (Lee Q, Jax Q midway thru animation etc,) Hard to play mechanically, but gets easier to play after you learn how to juggle axes   Jinx  - Decent laning phase, can snowball due to passive and ult, great mid and late game + really good at taking towers down. Extremely immobile however has a great self peel kit with w and e.   Caitlyn  - Extremely strong lane, decent mid game and great late game. Great at poking, and can snowball advantage by going to other lanes and sieging.   Tier 3:   Kog'Maw & Corki & Miss Fortune & Sivir  - Don't have that much personal experience with this tier, but Corki and MF are both really strong laners, and I think we will see a resurgence of MF soon. Kog'maw seems to be decent as well with Botrk > Trinity. Sivir has a weak laning phase but can just push into tower all day and her ult is great for teamfights.   Tier 4:   Graves  - Weak early due to range, but has a massive powerspike once you get bloodthirster. Can snowball pretty hard. Decent mid and late game. Easy to grab kills with Q R, and a well placed W can turn the tide of a lot of fights.   Ezreal  - Weak laning phase, ok mid game and ok late game, one of the most mobile AD carries, easy to carry with if you can snowball early. If you fall behind, very very difficult to come back from and has a lot less damage than other ADs if you're not fed. Really fun to play tho   Vayne  - Shittiest laning phase out of all AD carries, needs a lot of jungle pressure early or make really decisive trades, make one mistake and you're fucked, however if you get a lot of help and you get ahead then you can snowball, great in small skirmishes and 1v1s, has a lot of outplay potential, and great vs tanks. Decent midgame and decent late game. Short range sucks tho.   Tier 5  - The rest of them
1	League of Legends and other MOBA games create the "perfect storm" for encountering bad mannered players. In my eyes, the biggest factors are:   1.) The anonymity of the internet. You can be the biggest asshole on the internet without feeling guilty or facing any significant consequence.   2.) LoL is a team-based game. It is always easier to blame your teammates for a loss than to criticize yourself for not playing perfectly. Additionally, blaming someone else takes attention away from your own mistakes.   3.) The majority of LoL players have a very shallow understand of general game strategy. I'm referring to players not understanding the roles of certain heroes, strengths and weaknesses of one team composition vs. another team composition, map positioning and awareness, etc.   4.) Differences in playing styles and expectations. For example, some players lane extremely aggressively and have a very gank-oriented play-style. Other players are more passive/defensive in lane and have farm-oriented play-styles. Consider a scenario where the aggro player tower dives for a kill and the passive player hesitates to tower dive. If one of them dives and dies, often times you will hear the aggro player say "zzz why didn't you tower dive?" and the passive player say "zzz why DID you tower dive?" In reality, if both players tower dived they would probably get the kill and not die. On the other hand, if neither player tower dived, they would both be fine as well. This is just a lack of player synergy.
0	I was really sick during my first few week in Basic Training I knew there was a lot of mucus but I couldn't get it out no matter how much I blew, I felt like I was going to die. I went to sick call a few times but nothing helped. The 2nd week we had to go through the gas chamber and when I breathed in the tear gas, I instantly felt the snot dripping out and when I blew, this clear and green comes shooting out to the ground and I instantly felt so much better. Way better than any cold medicine.
1	Vlad loses to GP early. If this was draft mode, he sees you pick vlad, picks gp, equips crit page to shit on you. If gp was up against another matchup he would have gotten another rune page or forgo the gp pick altogether. I watched your video and you bought an amplifying tome instead of armor on your trip back. When you're losing you want to get defensive items so you can still farm without taking too much damage.
0	I'm not so arrogant as to toss that aside, but she did say once when we were dating and she was pissed at me (which I deserved a little bit as I was teasing her about baseball) that she was going to "go to the fucking pub and dance with every fucking guy right in front of you so you can see what you're missing when you go home and choke your little dick." I told her if that's what she wanted then she should go ahead, that I'm not the jealous type.   In all, it was a shitty relationship. I am somewhat even-footed, easy going, and like having a good time. When I am upset I don't snap, but I am vocal about what is upsetting me (whether I am right or wrong). She has the propensity to be the same, but in the snap of a second she can be derisive, vindictive, and vengeful. I should have known better when she told me that she only had 1 adult friend, and then went on a tear about how she only runs into assholes, and how everybody has had it out for her, or treats her like shit, whatever.   Was I a perfect boyfriend? No. Was I bad, manipulative, abusive? Not at all. I like to think I was good to her. I was not, however, going to be pushed around and manipulated by her, and made that clear that I was my own person and that she needed to treat me with the same respect I showed her. Now she comes to the bar every few weeks, tries to make me jealous, texts me at 4 when she's drunk that she wants to snuggle, then the next day texts me that I'm a piece of shit and that that pub ruined her life, or something equally melodramatic. IT was some vindictive Gossip Girl nonsense.
0	Return the favor, but not maliciously.  It's really hard to explain.  One accidentally snuck out of my SO at the time during the worst possible moment, the worst possible moment!  We just laughed because it killed the mood.  It didn't gross me out, just blew my hair back a lil.  My point is is; you have to be comfortable with who you are, and the person you are opening up to (hopefully they will be comfortable with you as well).   Now back to returning the favor.  There is, of course, the dutch oven (needs no explanation).  The "I swear I'm awake release" where you smile, snuggle your SO and let go of everything.  There is also "scoop and feed" but that is best done betwixed bros with serious braggadocio of the stench.  The subtle lean to the "side and let it slide" is my  specialty (sitting on the sofa and my knee hurts and needs to be stretched?  Yeah, its not my knee! I often "have knee problems" with the knee not next to her just so I can lean to that side and let one fly).  The last method I can think of is pretty devious, and has come back to bite me (I shampooed every seat in her car).  In a car on a road trip let it go, force it out if necessary(where I ran into trouble) and make sure the windows are UP, then open their window so all of the gas has to pass them on the way out.
1	If you get mad playing an online game, during your second online match ever,you should probably just not play online games. It's the internet. Get over the idea that everyone should be everyones friend. By waiting until level 30 to play PvP games, you handicapped your level 30 team who all know how to play the game, by only having a clue how to play against bots.   The reason people actually play PvP at low level is to A. learn how to play against humans who have some what of a clue. and B. You get matched against people in your relative skill zone, unless you get matched against smurfs, in which case, you probably lose.
0	In all honesty, i find it intresting what people care about these days. So to make it short here's a
1	From a competitive person, yes.   In-game:  Rank usually determines the chances of success between fights of similar level, i.e. if a gold and a silver on one team 2v2 a silver and a silver on the enemy team, I'd expect the gold and the silver to get more out of it 60-70% of the time.   On the other hand when I play jungle, if I know that my mid laner is 2-3 divisions behind the enemy, I either camp that lane to death or just make the judgment that I can't save mid and focus another lane. ex. I had a diamond V lane against a level 20 and I avoided midlane like the plague   out of game  I take advice hands from anyone who is higher rank than me, no questions asked. Around 70% of all my friends are boosted to gold so I treat them like low silvers, and proceed to tell them every game not to facecheck the bushes.
0	I am average looking...but as the more attractive one amongst my siblings, it's also sucks when people are constantly pointing it out especially in front of my siblings. I wince everytime and do not enjoy the compliment.   One one hand I don't want my siblings to feel self conscious about their looks. Or feel like constantly in someone else's shadow over something so superficial.   Plus I don't want to be objectified.   Don't get me wrong; I'm grateful for what I have, but c'mon people use your common sense.
1	lmao you actually buy the "mids were more average, like in other regions"  it might be true if other regions were replaced by NA, but alas 3 quality players in froggen ai and xpeke doesnt make eu suddenly the BEST MIDS ALL WORLD.
0	don't like   In my experience they don't really care. African-American is such a buzzword since the 90s, everyone's just sort of used to it. Then there's the pretentious black people who try to "get back to their African roots" in all the wrong ways, who might see this as affirmation.
1	But blue build got nerfed and EZ's ratios are still bad. He has to be god tier to even equal an average Lucian, Twitch or Jinx.   Twitch also benefited from the fact when he became popular was when the then current trinity got nerfed. It wasn't the VU that made him popular again. Graves, Sivir and EZ fell out of play. Jinx got nerfed. Tanks got buffed and late games ADCs were gaining popularity. My favorite adc Ashe was a thing awhile.   WW my main is a thing right now because of his shred. Malphite has been relatively untouched but comes in and out the meta because of nerfs to people who fit the same niche as him. It's not that people find a new build, it's that people get nerfed or items do. Olaf, EZ, Galio, GP, Old Skarner, Old Rengar, Old Riven are examples of their items getting nerfed or them themselves being nerfed to the ground so they got pushed out the meta.   Riven came back with buffs and buffs to the items she uses. This is actually needed by some old champions.
1	I'm a hugeeeeee advocate of not adding surrender, at least not in it form in league or hon.  A game of dota is not over typically until one team can push a rax down, and even then you can come back. Typically in dota, team comps that are strong early, tail off later, and team comps that are weak early, become stronger later.   Surrenders also seem to promote giving up, once someone on your team has waved the white flag, your moral is definitely going to take a hit. Add in not wanting to surrender because you think the game salvagable, and players getting mad at you for this, and it doesn't create a great environment.   DotA follows a MUCH different meta-game then LoL. There isn't a 'snowball meta', and I've seen pro games where the team down 12-1 in kills is actually up on exp and gold (and went on to absolutely stomp the other team).
1	I usually start the lae with either  Crystalline Flask  or  Cloth Armor . I try to rush  Fiendish Codex  into  Nashor's Tooth . The next item is  Zhonya's  followed up by another  Fiendish Codex  and a  Giant's belt . I turn the codex into either  Morellonomicon  or  Deathfire Grasp  for the CDR and situationally the passive from Morellos. The reason I don't get an early  Kage's Lucky Pick  for a Morellos is because I never play passive. I either fight a lot in lane or roam around to pick up some kills for my team by ganking/counterganking our lanes. From here, I finish the build situationally, pick up a  Randuin's Omen  for  Duelling (most duelists benefit from kiting or attackspeed) or a  Rylai's Crystal Scepter  if I think my team lacks  CC . The 6th item is almost always  Rabadon's Deathcap  or  Abyssal Scepter  if they are a heavy magic damage team.
1	To OP, Op.gg doesn't show ALL games, i'm currently trying to find a game to talk about and give evidence   but recently i played an elise jungle game, we were blue side so I started red and on my way to wolves i look at our mid lane karthus at 20% HP and he is pinging me for help, I wasn't even half way done with my first clear.   I tell him to back and heal, CS is not worth more to you than a death, so I do my wolves, half way though doing my blue I see "First blood", it was karthus. He immediately got on to all chat @ minute 3 and said "report noob elise" I told him again he should have backed and let me at least do my first clear before complaining, I had no coocoon I was level 2 when he was pinging me.   After that he went back to lane and CS'd while I ganked bot and got them rolling, we eventually won and he said sorry and gave me an honor.   The people who go into games with pent up rage are what cost most games, not kids.   Never go into a NEW game on tilt, always take a break if you fell like you aren't clear in your mind.   In my experience people get salty really quickly not just in ranked.   this would help if they took more break and didn't go on 8 hour grinds to get LP.
1	Enlighten me with insults? Way to go "old man".   I don't care what is your % of leaver rate, because if you (or anybody else for that matter) have technical issues with your ISP and your internet connection, then it automatically means you are resposnable for more games ruined than other people who have better internet.   You leave more than others? You deal with the consequences, not the other players. Simple as that. Private leagues in DotA have always worked like that, and it has always worked fine.   FYI, a friend of mine has been testing the threshold of left games for the past 2 months, and he managed to not get banned by Leaver Buster with a percentaghe of 12 games left out of 100.
0	A very common insurance scam is to cause accidents in purpose by driving in front of someone and then slamming on the brakes. This is completely illegal and immoral. The only difference between this and what OP did is that OP didn't make any money out of it.   People in this thread keep saying that that the person who rear ends someone is always at fault. This is true in the case of accidents. OP was not in an accident. He took an action with malice and forethought  knowing that it would cause an accident. That's against the law.   If someone runs a red light and I swerve to hit them I'm still at fault.   Also OP says he brake checked the driver. That makes no sense because brake checking someone doesn't involve actually braking. You just tap your brakes to make the driver think you are braking.
1	Lane swapping is perfectly fine if one of the lanes is counterpicked and realizes it. As for Lulu, she is perfectly capable of bullying and stomping lane.
1	My motivation? I love this game. The plays, the shameful fails, the laughs and giggles when something unexpected happens, I feel so immersed in the game when I play it, a rare experience for me.   With most games, they don't capture my attention, I can pause them (if they're pause-able) or just step away from them so easily, I have time to answer text messages and little things like that. But this game, it captures my emotion, once I start a game, I can't look away, I often forget that I received a text message or ignored a phone call while playing.... the game captures me.   Also I play a lot of dominion, I like the game mode better and the community that plays dominion is much smaller. I often run into the same players over and over again like how I see high elo streamers running into Fabyyy, SilSol, Arthelon, and other soloque stars. I really enjoy when I enter into a game with someone I have played with or against before. Playing games with these guys, after they've played with and against me in so many games, its really enjoyable and I hope that I'll some day be among the dominion stars.
0	I'd like to offer a fairly straight forward explanation. See men are typically direct. We say "hey you, you I like" and expect some sort of reciprocation. If the girl says "I like you, but as a friend" and we find it worth it, we go on as friends.   Ladies are not always very direct, though sometimes they are. So a girl that says "I like you, but as a friend" could mean it several different ways such as:     I'm just wanting casual sex right now     I'm not sure I know you well enough to date right now     I'm getting over a bad emotional issue     I'm focused on school / work / etc.. at the moment and dont want to waste your time     I'm actually really in to you, but telling you that would weaken my perception of you and I want you to figure it out     I think you're attractive enough to be seen with in public but probably not enough to have sex with until... oh damn that girls prettier than me and she likes you so now I do too     I really don't like you that much and really don't want to be friends, more like casual acquaintances     I really want to be your friend, though I have zero sexual attraction to you       Knowing this, the male will take 1 of 3 roads; attempt to be friends and carry on with his life, pretend to be friends while secretly trying to still hookup, walk away and not care. Ironically the 3rd action and the 1st are  often the most successful as they both show not caring, something that modern ladies are attracted too for some god awful reason until around their late 20's / early 30's. The described lady in this scenario is narcissistic, knew the guy liked her at one point, and now wants that power back, not happy that another girl is getting more sexually motivated attention and therefore sabotages all efforts. As catty as women can be, for some reason if a girl poses as a good / best friend of a guy and says something shitty about him the other girl almost never informs the guy and almost always trust her over the guy.
0	Look at it this way; when kids these days watch an NBA game, they don't stop and think "man, I'm so damn short. I'm never going to get anywhere in life."   The same should be said when thinking of wood. When you want to be comfortable with your wood, don't go looking at professional league wood. You'll be disappointing yourself if you compare yourself to it.
1	If you're being CC'ed as vayne, it's already too late.  Her best defense is to stay on the edge of fights and avoid focus with her stealth tumbles.  She is so squishy that, if someone wants you dead, you're dead.  My core build is zerker's, followed by a rushed black cleaver and a madred's.  From there I usually go survivability, since the attack speed provides extraordinary damage on vayne, going for a banshee's, frozen mallet, atma's, or possibly the cloak and dagger IF I'm failing and being focused a lot.  I often break up the madred's with a survive item halfway through.  Don't waste your gold on a trinity, it is incredibly overrated on vayne.  You get way more bang for you buck in terms of cost efficiency just stacking AS.
1	You know what would keep people in the game more than punishment if they don't play? How about Rito makes the game to where comebacks in lane are actually possible. If you go 0/2 early in lane its over, no matter how good you are. It needs to become actually possible for you to comeback in lane so there's actually hope in continuing playing the game.
0	Yeah it really depends how you define the awkward situation here.   Is it OP for mentioning that something sounds like a bonfire?  Not really a socially awkward penguin question (in and of itself).   Is it OP for just walking away instead of saying something like "Sorry to hear that, are you ok?  Is the damage serious?"  Kind of, but that is not the intent of the meme from OP's perspective.   Is it the coworker who said his house was on fire?  Basically, even though it's just an honest, factual statement, it created the awkward situation.   So the seal would be the most appropriate here if you identify the coworker's statement as the awkward situation.
1	They wouldn't need to hire a sports psychologist full-time.   Psychological issues usually aren't just solved over night like that.  I'm sure some people have those "Eureka!" moments and just change but it's a long term process and for any real results it would be a lot of money relative to the amount of money in esports.  Also it's not guaranteed results, either: the treatment can be ineffective, and there is a chance his emotional problems can be solved without psychiatric attention (better team bonding, etc.).
0	Studying" art != art.   Yes. We should all learn how to build robots. You can still create art. In fact, robots are a form of art themselves, so is Kraftwerk, so what's your point?   I guess this subreddit is full of butthurt art students.   Well... it's /r/AdviceAnimals after all and the creation of these memes is exactly what the majority of art students will amount to in their life other than working at Starbucks.   But hey, don't get demotivated. It's just that people studying science can also create art AND have a real job.
0	I'm adopted. The way I see it, I was loved even more than other kids. My birth mother was 16 when she got knocked up. She could've done what many people do with unwanted pregnancies and had me aborted. Instead, she made the sacrifice of going through pregnancy with all of its discomforts, WHILE going through high school which is already uncomfortable for some. She realized that she was not ready for a child and opted to arrange an adoption.   Now we get to my adoptive parents. They wanted to have children SO BAD that they went through years (7, to be exact) of interviews, waiting lists, false leads, etc just to get the opportunity to raise a child. I'm that child. I feel lucky to have been so important that so many people were involved in my birth. I feel immensely loved.   For anyone wondering, I met my birth mom at my college graduation and met my birth father shortly after that. We are all kind of like extended family and constantly talk to each other. My adoptive parents will always be my parents, but I will never forget the sacrifice my birth mom made to give me the best life she could.
0	The exact same happened to me, bro. Years ago, my mother took out a giant loan to help my sixteen-year-old brother start a lawn business. Of course, little brother has to help, too. I was promised good money, and the clients' checks showed it, too. However, expenses were always paid off before I got paid, which makes no sense at all if he had paid some random friend to help him out.
0	I'm sincerely glad to hear that op and most of these other posters still have their family members despite them being diagnosed with something as fatal as cancer. But the number of posts on this thread that contain the words 'battle' and 'victory' underscores what I think is a particularly insidious and harmful phenomenon that has permeated mainstream thought on the subject. Look, it sucks when people get sick, and it sucks even worse than they die. But the implication that this involves competitions with winners and losers is offensive to the memory of every 'loser' and their surviving loved ones, who don't need to hear that their beloved dead just 'lost,' as if they might have lived had they tried harder.   It is difficult enough to accept the death of a loved one without the metaphor of winners and losers. Be glad your loved ones survived, and I am sincerely glad for you. But realize that your mother's 'victories' imply that a whole lot of folks are just not trying hard enough, which is absurd and harmful.
1	Well, I would love to continue this conversation with you if you could wrap your head around the idea of "trolling a little bit" but I have a feeling you're just going to troll me by shooting down whatever I have to say.   For the off chance that you are actually reading and trying to understand this then here's my reason behind my troll actions.   First of all, I don't play LoL alone, I just don't.  I play with friends and family.  Just like in real life you would play little pranks with your friends and family, I do so in a game of LoL as well.  I see my brother walking from top lane to bot for a large wave of minions? I'll teleport in when he's 70% of the way to steal it all just in time for him to catch the last 1 or 2.  Would I do it if he said "hey, I need 400g for my next item"? probably not, but things like these makes me laugh... way harder than it should.
0	A little explanation.   I joined Retro Fitness almost two years ago.  When I signed up it was a "one year contract".  My first mistake was not realizing that the "one year contract" automatically renewed each year.  At the end of the first year I stopped going to the gym and started exercise at home.  I had wrongly assumed after one year my membership would be up.  But after a few months the payments were still going.  So I called.  Every time I got the answer "our manager isn't in but I'll have him call you when he is", but never any call back.   So I decided to call my bank and have them block any charges from Retro Fitness.  It wasn't too soon after that I started to receive phone calls and emails from ABC Financial telling me that the credit card I had on file was "cancelled" and if I wanted to be able to use the gym I would have to put a new card on file.  I went to my account on Retro Fitness's website and it said my account was cancelled, so I was like "okay, that works".   I keep receiving automated phone calls and emails and I finally replied back to one saying that my account is already canceled.  They replied and said that it wasn't and I need to provide documentation of the cancellation, or send in a letter stating I would like to cancel my account.   Now hold on.  I need to send in a fucking letter?  They can email me, and call me, and have an accessible online account but I need to send in a fucking letter.  So fine, I sent in the letter with the necessary information and a big   "Go Fuck Yourself,   (My name)."   A week passes and I receive an email telling me I need to pay all past due payments or the account won't be able to be cancelled.   So now I have to pay everything, or they'll keep just billing me.  So I say fuck it, I don't want this on my credit score.  I call them up.  The first guy who answer I told "I'm paying off my fucking account and I'm not fucking sending in a motherfucking check.  You've obviously demonstrated the ability to take a fucking credit card for the past fucking two years so you can have that." (Obviously I'm very pissed off at this point).  He says I'll transfer you to payment services.  I get put on hold for 40 minutes.   I hang up, call back and get a woman on the phone.  I tell her my situation and she takes the credit card right then and there.   My membership is now cancelled.  With the exception of the two months of payments that will occur while my cancellation is processed.
1	This probably sounds scummy and a bit ridiculous, but sometimes when there is a troll, you can bait a dodge.   Ex: Dude locks old eve 2nd pick because he is pissed he didn't get mid.  1st pick got mid.   You are 3rd pick - lock leblanc or some other champion that your team doesn't need and say "fuck this, so sick of trolls" or "fuck this, I'm afk." Put on useless summoners.  Chances are, someone else will dodge.  Wait until 3-1 seconds are left to see if they do. Worst case, you dodge and play ARAM.   I know its shitty and definitely not right to do, but I still think its better than having to wait 30 minutes because some asshole felt like trolling in the first place.
1	Actually, I expected this argument and was excited for it.   crackes knuckles  Here's the thing kiddo, Riot uses a system of project management/software development known as SCRUM.  Within SCRUM organizations are broken down into  small teams  which are then assigned tasks.  The tasks in this case would be like:     Pulsefire modeling   Pulsefire SFX   Pulsefire Animations   Pulsefire Engine Triggers   Pulsefire Particles  and each could have as many as 5 people working on it or as few as one in any given "Sprint".  So even though the company itself is a respectable size, the team working on this skin was probably fairly small.  Not to mention that there are dependencies within each of these.  For example, the animations need the model and rigging to be done, the particles need the animations to be done, the SFX need the animations to be done, I have no idea where the engine triggers fit in here either.
0	The problem is that all parties are guilty of perpetuating racism, for example, I am mixed (Black, White, and Indian) and I am relatively well spoken, advanced vocabulary, proper grammar, etcetera.  A lot of people in the white community say I'm black due to the color of my skin  and everyone in the black community say I'm white due to the lighter color of my skin and the way I speak. However I choose not to identify with a race but everyone behaves as if I need to.
0	Here's an aspect that hasn't been covered yet. When you have a girlfriend all of the other "sure things" remain sure things that you just never followed up on. When you're single, you follow up on the "sure thing" to discover that several of them evaporate.
1	I've recently bump into the guy on my pre30 account. He asked if anyone wants to duo with him after the game, and I thought "why not". We've chatted a bit, and he said that he is starting a game, having a lot of fun, watching streams to improve and enjoying improving at the game a lot. Ingame his knowledge was on silver soloq level easily (I've been playing soloq in silver4-plat3 range lately) and he was only lvl20. His attitude was awesome, and I could've said without any doubt that he's gonna be much better player in a month or two.
0	This is what I do not understand. It is also what makes me believe all of these stories are entirely bullshit.   If you can't handle a poor client attitude, you've basically got no possible chance at success in the real world. Why? Because  everyone  has a different opinion, a lot of people are assholes for whatever their own reason, and most of these stories are coming off as a kid that had his feelings hurt.   If I found out I had a contract with someone who did this, regardless of their motives? I'd file a lawsuit against them for malicious defamation of character, because that is exactly what this is. And this is exactly how any client is going to act the second he finds out he is being fucked over on his contract.
1	I love how you point out picking mechanics over numbers.   In LoL the team with most damage to throw brainlessly at each other will win 90% of the times.   Try to pick pure damage heroes in dota such as lycan, ursa, skeleton king, etc and you will fail miserably.   Punishment : I think the biggest issue LoL has, in terms of restrictions, is the lack of punishment for dying, thats why you dont often see comebacks and most games are just lulstomps.   "Oh hey im playing cait, died 4 times on the first 15 minutes, oh well, nevermind, i will just keep farming and eventually if we dont loose before 50 minutes i will be pretty much oneshotting everyone else.   Oh i died 8 more times, that wont slow down my nobrainer Boots, IE, PD, LW for long, i just have to wait to respawn and keep farming"   Summoner Spells : like really you cant consider a game "competitive" if you give them a free out of jail card (yes, im looking at you Flash), you want flash? GET A MOTHERFUCKING ASSWHOOPING 2150g BLINK DAGGER WHICH WILL GIVE YOU ZERO STATS, this is a double edged sword, you will be able to do amazing initiations and will eventually make the dagger worth it, but if you want to be bad and rely on flash to save your sorry ass because you didnt see the enemy coming (ON A GAME WHERE WARDS ARE ALWAYS AVAILABLE, YOU CAN BUY AS MANY AS YOU WANT) then thats your pennalty.   Towers : They deal WAY too much damage, it increases the passivenes of the game by a bloody lot, there isnt a way to make things go faster, you cant pull jungle creeps, you cant deny, on TI2 mouz was taking tier 1 towers in TWO MINUTES, it speeds up the game a lot, making it a lot more dynamic
1	What you write (and what the analyst says) is by no means in contradiction to what the OP has posted. Quite the opposite in fact. It's the simple rules of supply and demand in economy. The lower you set up the prices, the more people are going to buy your product because the price is in range of what is acceptable for them. The magic is in the fact, that this relationship is not linear and companies need to find the balance where they make the most money. So setting the rune page price lower would 100% sure help it's sales and probably the monetization percentage figure overall. The question is, how it would influence the revenue and (because the costs are unrelated to the product in this case, because it is virtual) thus the profit.   Also the analyst does not recommend other games price like LoL, because such pricing works only if you have such a high player base. But he doesn't think about the fact, that maybe LoL has such a high player base partially due to the setup of their pricing.   BTW: I also pay money for league. But I only pay for value-added items, like champs and skins. Runes are just numbers. I don't find value in numbers.   Edit:
1	It's definitely a possibility that voice communication with strangers might not actually increase your chances of winning, considering people will make mistakes in shotcalling (and instead of that 1 guy fucking up, the entire team follows and you get aced), people might get nervous, annoyed, etc etc etc.   You seem to think it's really obvious that voice communication improves winrates (which it MIGHT), but there is no proof of that. Obviously it's great in professional games but that's simply an entirely different story.
0	I hate myself for commenting on this.   The issue isn't one of being too grandstandy or making an ass of yourself. The reason pride parades are the way they are is that parts of the movement have no interest in giving up the aspects of their life that make them 'deviant' and feel that the answer to the problem isn't convincing straight people that gay people are just like straight people, but rather that all 'deviant' sexuality between consenting adults needs to be okay. Not just the stuff that people are comfortable with.   It's true that working from a more tame or sober position gets more done - however for some parts of the queer community it is a totally unacceptable compromise of integrity and amounts to 'playing straight' in order to gain traction in civil rights.
0	Here is a preamble to the story.  My father is the second owner of a 74 vette whose engine he customized.  I remember a neighbor kid once touching it and dad saying, "Is there dirt on your hand?" [Yes]  "And what is dirt made of?" [no answer] "Tiny pieces of gravel.  Same thing sandpaper is made of..."  Anyway, one night he come's out of the Cajun's Wharf, and sees a guy leaning against the back of the car talking to another guy.  Dad says something and gets cold-cocked.  Dad's eye is split open and he looks and smiles.  It's on.  He fights until he no longer has them separated, so he reaches into the car and grabs his .357.  Predictably, they run as he lowers it.  Their truck is parked next to his, so he unloads all five rounds into it.  Then drives to the emergency room to get stitches.  circa 1985
1	The damage control is insane. The best thing you guys, as representatives for the F5 management and team, can do right now is to realize that the battle is lost, that people don't believe that you're sincere, and that you have both, as well as the F5 management, handled this situation horribly. First the justification thread for prototype started by mizzpeach and then this blunt article trying to justify mizzpeach.
1	dude, the feral flare is just a time bomb like any other champs (vayne, ryze, jinx, lucian, and lots more) you just have to deal with it by counter jungling the opposing jungler, warding, etc. plus this is a good way to bring out some unpopular champs back to the scene. Remember when you only had lee/elise/kha/vi ? they just increased the number of stacks needed (even if the tooltip on the buff still says 25) along with the numbers of junglers that could be played without having a great disadvantage (even if it creates a bigger advantage on the endgame).
1	guys guys guys...hear me out. this worry me A LOT. lets review what the issues are about this 3-country-event that for the love of RITO is really^3^x risky.     3 countries = 3 go for your VISA     we already know what happened to gambit. and how many weeks would it take after ALL TOURNAMENTS are over? by then we will know who will represent KR, SEA, CH, EU, NA... but is it enough time for the winners to apply for their visa and be given a GO? (to all who says "NBA isn't hosted in just one state", you dont need a VISA to go from state to state)     coordination and expected live viewers     lets be honest, how many percent of people will be willing to fly to 3 countries, book for a hotel on each countries, just to watch the groups? would it be wiser if it was just held in one place, to offer more security and save time/money for their prospect live viewers from other country to watch all the event? is it really wise to divide the expected numbers of audience to 3 places? what if you have a bracket of teams that are so weak? would people still want to spend money to go and watch that? and also, will the teams in the bracket be announced weeks before the actual games?     korean community     in my opinion, it is such a disrespect to all KR summoners to be let-down like this. most will agree that we see KR as the mecha of competitive PC gaming. they were promised a chance to host a world tournament, but instead they will only see a few teams who will play. what if the foreign teams that they are looking forward to meet gets ousted in the group stage? they wont have a chance to meet them before then. not only do they have issues with the city(mayor) that will hold the Finals, but they are also awarded with the last few games which, so very likely, a match between korean teams aswell! they already saw them a couple of times, would they still want to watch a re-enactment of their own OGN finals?     bad PR, bad management     a lot has been said, but i'll add this to the list of all the things people are saying about Riot's PR and management problems. the stadium can accommodate 60~70k people. the problem is, they already decided their expected live viewers to 3 separate countries. what are the chances that those same numbers who will go to the separate location will combine to fill up the 60k+ seats for the finals? add to that, the threat of boycotting from the possible KR viewers. i dont blame them. i'd be pissed too if i were them.
1	Not so fast! Lulu is most likely significantly younger than what you think she is.   What I gathered from  her lore  for that long.   It is entirely possible (and in my mind, likely) that she was only there for, say, a year or two (GTRF) before realizing that she had been living here instead of in Bandle City, as it was her former home that she probably felt she belonged to. So in the GTRF, Lulu may have only aged one or two years before returning home to the BCTRF. What has actually aged several hundred years is Bandle City though, not Lulu. Lulu's body may have  existed  for several hundred years in the BCTRF, but because of the time spent in the GTRF, Lulu would not actually have experienced all of those years, and would be significantly younger.   Because that was probably the worst explanation you have ever read in your entire life, let me put this another way. Suppose Lulu has been living in Bandle City for 20 years. Then she goes to the Glade for one year and comes back. Her body would be 21 years old, and in her mind she would be 21 years old. But in the BCTRF, because hundreds of years have passed, she would be at least 320.   It's like putting a "time traveler" in perfect stasis outside of time and waking them up hundreds of years later. They may have  existed  for several hundred years, but they have not  aged  several hundred years. If you accept that logic, then Lulu would have also not aged by being in the GTRF.   Only real issue here is what her age is before she went into the Glade, which is not stated anywhere in lore that I have seen. However, judging by her voice compared to a more "adult" yordle, Poppy, it is not unreasonable to suggest that Lulu is in her early/mid youth.
1	I dont know about anyone else, but for me.. honestly i dont know if i can still be a fan of MRN anymore if this change stays.  I loved neintonsoh's play in the LCS and he did very well, im not saying that hes not good or anything and that this roster change wont be better for the team but... this just isn't the same MRN that i've come to love and be a fan of.   Even just taking out one player from the team is just depressing.  The MRN I am a fan of is the same MRN that got into the LCS Qualifiers just mere hours before the deadline, the MRN that made a huge upset going 2-0 in the group stages, then coming back from the losers bracket to beat not only one (Meat Playground) of the "better/team's to win" but TWO of them (DirtNap).  Both series of those games made me so excited to watch these games cause they were extremely entertaining and fun to watch. I instantly became a fan and cheered them on for every game they played and it was so awesome to watch them win their games especially against CLG and TSM. I was gonna buy a shirt from the site sometime soon and represent it, but now... no way can i do that.   This change might be better off for the team, but i gotta say, I dont know if anyone else out there agrees with me or not, but, im no longer gonna be a fan of team MRN.
0	Its freshman year, chill the fuck out man. Sure is good to be able to wake up early for the real world, but take it from a recent grad, worry about your overall happiness now (take the extra sleep and enjoy your slightly later classes) and I am pretty certain you will be able to reformat your sleep schedule in four years to whatever you want.
1	Honestly everyone,  what  do you want? It was an unforeseen incident that happened. That's it. There is no way to to make the process go any faster, so we all just have to buckle down and deal with it! I understand that we have paid for it. Some of us have paid a LOT for it. But it's not like Riot is kicking back and laughing maniacally while they light cigars with $20 bills, leaving this problem for us to just live with, right? They are fixing it! Don't you all remember when we were waiting up to 3 hours to join the game? And that was just a couple of days ago!  Obviously  the problem is on its way to getting fixed. Riot, I know you're doing all you can short of shutting off the game to fix it. You guys are awesome!
1	Carry.   On other note, people doesnt appreciate what supports does, strong cvs and wards win games.  Also... people doesnt appreciate what jungler does, strong counter junglings win games.   All you will heard is : SORAKA HEAL ME GIEB ME MANA HURR NOOB SORAKA 0-2 WHATS THAT NEGATIVE SCORE LOL?   TRUNDLE WTF IS THIS SHIT, Y U NO GANKING, IM PUSHING HIM TO TOWER AND TOWERS KILL ME U JUST DONT COME TO KILL THIS NOOB THAT CANT FARM WITH MY OVEREXTENDING CAUSE IM GOOD!!!!1!!
0	I think the people who have replied thus far are simplifying it just a smidge, but sex is primarily about procreation and feeling good. If it wasn't meant to be something enjoyable, it wouldn't feel good. It's not something artificial like candy. It's something nearly everyone can enjoy.   Shame and fear and all this secretive bullcrap is tied to religion and modesty. I'm a Christian, so it's not like this is some atheist-bashing-religion, but a long time ago we were much more care free.   Watching porn is not cheating in any way, shape, or form. However, if you have agreed not to watch porn and then go ahead and do it, that's a violation of trust just the same. Trust is important in any relationship and to violate it is to undo everything you've done to get to that level of trust.   Some people don't like porn because it's gross. Some people don't like it because they think it should be a private affair. People who think it's cheating have deeper issues and they should explore that. You're not getting emotionally or physically invested with the people on the screen. It's literally no different than watching people play basketball on TV in that regard. You're not actually playing basketball. You're watching them.   It's voyuerism at best.
0	Honestly - does it matter if it's fake? Maybe the message we should be taking is to be this person in whatever way you can. Sure, not everyone can afford to buy a bunch of clothes for strangers, but I'm betting there's some way we can all be generous - be it with our money, our food, our old clothes, our food, or what have you.
1	Not that most of you guys care, but I have met Regi a couple of times at various places and he was always super nice to everyone. I don't think many of you all realize that he and /u/Hotshotgg pretty much literally created the League pro scene. There were times before it was heavily monetized where the teams would get dinner and no one would have money and they would pick up the tabs for their friends/players. Really nice people despite what you think.   I would bet money that not a single person on this forum has gone through life without having a moment where they were an asshole/rude/angry that was maybe unjustifiable or excessive, Regi's only downfall was doing it on a stream. Dyrus has said this before but none of you really understand how much Regi has done for this scene, and you've basically scared him into a position where he has to operate behind a curtain to further TSM's interests.
1	I agree that people should be allowed to play what they want, but at least be competent, if you want to dick around with crappy champions, go do customs or bots, in normals you should at least be adequate with the champion you want to play, or else you are just bringing down the experience of the other people on your team. Despite that, sometimes people are just being tools, I was just in a game where I was duoqueueing bot with someone, and some other guys were duoqueueing too, and they wanted to double jungle, wouldn't listen to me when I told them it was a bad idea (three solos, less xp, etc etc). And eventually they only switched when I told them I was staying in a duo (I had already locked in thresh) so unless they wanted to leave top open all game they would switch. Regardless, they blamed me for every little thing, and would not join in teamfights all game. So yeah.
0	Nobody can be on the right side of everything all the time. The biggest problem with this website is that you guys do exactly what Putin talks about in his contribution, you divide the world into "with us" or "against us" regardless of the situation. For once Putin is the only reasonable voice in a complete crapshoot of a situation. Yes, the guy is a reprehensible human being for most of his policies, but his foreign policy is very solid and happens to be standing on the sensible side of a horrible situation.
1	Just cos I love morons and kids like you I will set it out plain and simple.   The person whose case you have currently listed has obviously been punished previously or has already achieved a high track record. Then someone, whose reports clearly matter because he doesn't simply spam them, has reported him for more negative behavior.   Therefore, the person is sent to the tribunal because he has not corrected his behavior from previous times he has broken the summoners code and put "on trial" for breaking his "parole".
0	Funny how you think you all would stand on the same side if invaded. Every person has to make a choice: "What do I do to survive this?"   That choice is not always solely dependent on previous alliances.   Norway was occupied during the war. Many chose to side with the germans. They even fought on the eastern front for them. Many joined the police forces controlled by the germans and went around and arrested their old neighbours for being anti-nazi etc.   I don't think you realise what mindfucks come up once your safe and risk free life is taken away from you.
1	I assume this is an AP interpretation of Doran's Blade. The problem with this is that the spellvamp would require repeated spell usage to take advantage of it, causing mana problems and a 3% spellvamp is hardly noticeable at early levels. Higher values of spellvamp would make it an alternative to a hextech revolver, but would have balancing issues on manaless casters (mainly vlad).   Lifesteal is different in that it does not require any resources to utilize it, nothing but smart autoattacking and lane control.
0	Medical student here:   It's okay to continue having sex without a condom during the week with inactive pills.  The reason for a week of inactive pills is to temporarily return hormone levels to their appropriate levels, allowing the woman to menstruate (if you took all active pills, you would skip periods, which has negative affects).   During the week of menstruation, the uterine wall is sloughing off its lining, which is the location where a fertilized egg would implant if the woman was pregnant (but birth control prevents ovulation anyway).  So, with no place for it to attach, it leaves the body with the rest of the menses.  Any sperm present will decay, as it is 14 days until the next egg would be released (which won't even happen if continuing birth control)
1	Assuming you are good and not the feeder)  Then the enemy team has 5 players and you have 4 players and 1 good player.  now the enemy team then has 5 players which would mean they have a higher chance of getting a good player (no matter what cant be better then your assuming) and a higher chance of getter worse feeder lame players who have no desire to get better.  but you have 4 people that can be better (but not better than you cause you have to be the best overall)  and less of a chance to get the feeder people.
0	It's true. Eating healthy for an overweight or obese person feels terrible. It's because the brain receives stimulus if you typically consume large amounts of sugar and/or fats.
1	I find that bottom lane is more about building what you want for the team more than countering their lane, and is picked for more of a long term strategy.  if you want an early game monster to secure towers and dragons before 20 mins, i would go cait or graves, knowing that late game may be harder.  if your team is built around late game fights i would grab trist or ashe.  if your team is CC heavy and you need a hypercarry, grab vayne or kog.  your support role should reflect how you want your lane to play in the short term.  sustain is great for ensuring that you will get CS, but lets your enemy get CS easier too.  running a kill support (blitz, leona) or a harasser (nid, yorick) is great for denying CS and getting kills, but can lead to deaths.
1	Ya, but your theory doesn't work.   See the system balanced mmr with every match, so you can't inflate the system(which is what would happen if what you said did).   If you want 4 players to receieve half mmr(let's give it a random number of 12 base)   That's 6 6 6 6, or 24 mmr not taken from the team. Meaning that if you want to pile this on to the leaver, he'd lose 3x the normal amount, so instead of 12, he'd lose 36.   This is the only way for your system to be implemented without causing massive elo inflation.
0	No matter what someone tries to tell you, women's clothes have changed over time for the purpose of looking better to game the gene pool - accenting curves/legs/etc - a better mate that is attracted makes for better lineage. Men clothes have always been for the purpose of comfort/defense or to be respectfully well presented - all of those being quite unisex traits.   Whether someone subjectively believe it or not, the common man is not "beautiful" especially in the modern day when the gym is more of a health necessity than being fit which is a luxury and a hobby and there's no need to argue otherwise. Even when men do want to express their attractiveness it would be through showing their muscles with tank tops or short sleeves and their outgoing-ness with easy to move in clothing. Simply because those are the traits the majority of women unconsciously or not find attractive.   It's important to not forget that some things we do because "some dude said so" and some because of how we evolved. It's still leftover in our DNA that men are strong to protect their family and women need to be healthy and well built to bear children. This is not something we can make go away by "well, there's no need for these things to exist, we live in modern age". It will slowly go away as our genetic code is programmed that there's no need to be strong when there's no conflict and that not only the healthy women can give birth, but through doctors assistance even those who normally wouldn't be able.
1	I am currently diamond 5 and you can't expect to be god-like at a new position.  Back when I was silver/gold, I expected to win every game and thought I had a major factor in every game which wasn't the case.  My knowledge of the game at that point was not the greatest, for example, builds, when to exchange, etc. so i watched streams to improve in that aspect.  Next is my mechanics (positioning, last hitting, orb walking and etc) I just played a lot, and learn from mistakes with a cool and calm head.  I stopped blaming the team and learned take responsibility for my bonehead plays.  And as hard as it sounds, LoL is a team game, so you have to have some faith in your teammates.  You are as good as your team is my philosophy :D   Even pros have losing streaks.  Have the thought that you can't win every game.  Set goals to each day to help improve   As for the raging part, I'm no psychology major or have the quantification in that department but what I do now, is I try to keep a level head before and during each game.  Also I keep a tennis ball to help cope with my anger if i do get angry at the game :D   dont give up op tho, it only gets better :D
1	Karma is good, her problem is she lacks any CC. Sona has AoE ult, Janna has a knock-up, Alistar is Alistar, Taric has his stun and gems, Soraka has a 3 second silence. Karma has a slow. Slows are nice, especially for kiting but lacks power in 5v5 brawls. That is why she is currently out classed as supports goes. Her AP Ratios are not that good and is why she gets out classed by AP carries. With Supports going into the role of battle supports though I think Karma will get a lot more love in the future.
1	Im thinking they wanted her to jungle.  Remember she came out during the farm fest days of jungle in season 2 and she has a great farm jungle oriented kit.  Her shield allows her really to never worry about hp after the first clear and she is then only mana gated which blue solves.  The biggest problem they have is the shield scales on ap.  So people realized well if I have 600 ap I get a massive shield times 2.  Then they say well since im now building ap holy crap my ratios on q and r are pretty darn good to and oh my passive also has a decent ratio and assassin diana is born.  She became akali 2.0 with a decent pre 6 laning phase and post 6 she became one of the most dangerous champs to lane vs.
1	I added that to the post, sorry guys i'm a newb, i didn't even know what
1	I like the idea behind those changes that allow carry junglers to farm up and become a threat mid-late game, but I am really concerned about the way its going to work out. You mentioned that Wriggle's Lantern will become a "farm jungler" item, but if I decide to buy this item does that mean that I won't be ganking or roaming around, at all? Let's take Nocturne for example (since he needs items to stay relevant later in the game) - One of the reasons why I love playing Nocturne is that he can farm up the jungle and still remain a very mobile ganker (and sometimes from very wierd positions) with Paranoia, and still have very decent ganks before level 6. However, does that mean that as Nocturne, if I decide to buy Wriggle's Lantern, I'll have to farm jungle creeps for my gold income and barely do any ganks? And if I decide to go for Spirit of the Ancient Golem, does that mean that I will have to gank for my gold income without farming  the jungle?
1	W8 till the Game starts and /mute all and max your music volume. srsly that helps a lot. and most of the time they're just trollin in champ select.   1 of many examples: My friend is a Irelia-mid-Main and ofc there was a troll cryin about it and stuff. He instalocked Riven and said he'll go feed. guess what. he played normal.
1	Normal draft is really not an answer to learning how to play new roles or champions for a player in a high division.   Normal games have their own hidden MMR, making them just as difficult as ranked games for a player who has played an equal number of both.   There WILL be a plat player against me on the other team who will very likely play to that level.   I will not be playing like a plat player at all because that isn't where my skill level is with what I'm playing even though that's what the system THINKS I will be.   I'm a player learning how to top lane, having been an adc/support/jungle main since season 1.   Where am I expected to learn how to play top, assuming that I will be stomped without mercy by any gold or plat top main?   A smurf account seems the perfect way to learn and I see it as a nicer thing to do than to intentionally throw games by trying to play something I know I will lose with on my main account.   Trying to learn a new role and new champions on my main account isn't fair to anyone on my team.   To players in silver 4 I'm just an average top laner.   To players in plat I'm the troll who went 0/8 and needs to be reported for intentional feed and ruining the game.
1	Learn to last hit minions. It can be hard to last hit minions while avoiding damage from enemy champions, but last hitting is the single most important thing you can learn to do that will impact your game the most. Later you will notice that some roles on each team do not need to worry about last hitting as much (one champion known as the support generally shares bottom lane with a glass cannon physical damage dealer known as the ad carry, the supports job is to protect the adc and let the adc get all the last hits). But even a support can benefit from a solid understanding of last hitting ad it helps with more advanced lacking tactics later on.
0	This happened to me a few weeks ago. The teacher used a computer grading system, said I had 44%. I worried about this grade for the next week, being the nice teacher he is he would let me retake it. He was going to circle the questions I got wrong and let me study them, then retake the test. As he circled the questions, he got confused and looks through the test again. He only circled a few questions. He scans the test through again and it turns out I got 88%, double of what it previously said. It was also way above the class average. Made my day.
0	There's been some jokes going around, because somebody bought the transcriber gold earlier. Also, they've been messing with it a lot. Sarpedonx is (I imagine) somewhat joking about the Reddit Trend of the Day, and somewhat being sarcastic.
0	What if I told you that unnecessary stress on a pregnant woman could lead to birth defects. Don't roll over, but maybe be an adult, realize that she cannot control her reactions as well as she can when not pregnant due to hormone imbalance, and wait for her to be calm to try and retort. Or don't get someone pregnant that you can't have intelligent debates/disagreements with.
0	Normally I'm a very patient customer, and generally a good tipper (25-30% if service is excellent, 15-20% if good/average, 10% below average, anything below I deem the whole restaurant responsible and do not visit again, pay the bill 10% tip)   One time I was with a group of friends (13 of us).  First they split us up into two tables.  Our food took over two hours to come out, as we watched other people get served (definitely not a terribly busy day, seemed very average).  This is not the fault of the servers, but they lied to us frequently about when it would be coming out.  They then brought us our food 5 minutes apart for each group of 4 people.  Our drinks took 20 minutes after we ordered them.  It was faster for us to go to the bar ourselves (which was not busy at all).  Water sat empty for 15 minutes at a time.  After splitting us up into two groups they then put on Gratuity for parties of more than 8.  We refused to pay the gratuity and certainly didn't leave a tip of our own, and paid as much of the bill in small change as possible. The bill was about $270.
1	becausde the tank meta was ridiculous. How can a tank , who gets bullied ALL game , huddles under a tower , and takes pity CS win games due to just playing as passive as possible and just pressing R in a teamfight later. ITs stupid and shouldnt happen , tanks were RETARDED before teh ADC item changes and NOW they feel the same pain as everyone else felt when u saw a renekton with 4k hp and a stupid movement speed slow (randuins) run at you.   You either as a tank go FULL tank and just soak up dmg , or you go for the one R and therefore build more utility such as movement slows and aoe auras/ CC . You DONT go both , and are perfectly happy sitting in the middle of the team doing magic dmg on an AD champ and just soaking up dmg for about 15 seconds in a teamfight (cough cough renekton). Basically , renekton was the lee sin of top lane , which is completely toxic.   And your argument about AP champs being viable top is flawed, with the fall of renekton , you have people like Gnar , Irelia , Jax , Ryze , Maokai , Gragas ,  Lulu , Jarvan , Mundo , Shyvana , Swain . Compared to the Mundo/Shyvana/Renekton we saw for the first half of this season , im all for this much variety.
1	But then you can't hear the commentators, and a lot of people want that.  One thing it does help however, is that quite a few people will watch it via spectator mode and not the stream, which reduces the number of people watching the stream, which reduces the load that twitch.tv has to handle, which is what they have been struggling with for tournaments.
0	My brother, being a bartender, wouldn't get home until around 2am. His fiancé didn't understand that. I had really bad insomnia, and when I stayed the summer with them after graduation, I wound up in an armchair, on the laptop until about four, sitting with him for about an hour or two as we both smoked some pot for him to unwind. He'd go to bed around three, I at around four, then I'd get up around 7. His fiancé didn't understand that I had problems getting to sleep, while he was getting a regular nights worth. So, I asked her to stay up a few nights and see how it felt. She took me up on that offer, and by night three, she didn't question his sleeping schedule again, cause she saw how it was.
0	Something that can only be said by someone who's never juggled wages.   Firstly, you should always pay someone what they're worth +'to your business'. It is completely impossible to pay someone what they are worth, people are invaluable. Inevitably this means that some employees can earn more elsewhere - this is a good thing.   Secondly, there are many companies willing to pay too much for IT staff, out of fear. Competing against such companies on salary alone is pointless.  When I speak to IT students I remind them that an over paid job in a company where they are the only one who understands what they're doing is a recipe for a brief career. To be successful in IT you must surround yourself with people who will teach you and help you to continuously improve - even better if you can contribute to the climate of learning.  Such jobs are worth their weight in gold.   Finally, if your SO was really the only person that understood the systems, then in the medium term the company is better off without her.  Her departure will force them to review their dependencies and ensure that they have the right kind of knowledge capture going forward.  With luck they'll learn from their mistake (which wasn't letting her go).
1	I personally chalk it up to the difference in how i acted as a teenager as to how current teenagers now act, im 24 now when i was 13-16 playing cs:s/wow ALOT the community was a hell of a lot nicer but nowadays kids are complete utter little shits, just my personal opinion on why its like that.   I may be completely wrong who knows..
1	People can be dicks, just live with it' is basically the paraphrasing of a teacher who doesn't want to do anything about bullying. Toxicity in the form of people a) throwing the game deliberately in response to some (perceived) slight or b) abusing other people is bad sportsmanship, bad for the community and bad for outsiders' perceptions of LoL.   You may not find it that bad, but being called a 'f*g' or a 'n*gger' or a  'c*nt' becomes rather grating after the fiftieth or sixtieth time — I play this game for fun, and I don't want to have to put up with that. Even worse, in a team game it's not conducive to team play — are you really inclined to help or  trust  a player that's been abusive all game?
1	Riven represents the ideal Noxus: a society that upholds strength, and no matter your origin or background, one is ultimately judged and awarded by their strength. It's basically a meritocracy. However, Noxus grew corrupt, hence the chemical warfare and the genocide. Riven exiled herself because she rose through the ranks by her strength, only to see this ideal destroyed by Singed's weapons, which killed everyone regardless of strength. Darius has the similar attitude (he killed his own officer for being a coward), and has teamed up with Swain to restore Noxus to its old ways.
0	You have a completely warped view of the world. If you seriously believe that the millions of people making up the organization that is the Catholic Church are for the most part "pedophiles, hypocrites, narcissists, and criminals" then I have a few conspiracy theories to sell you on. Nevermind that it is literally the world's largest charitable organization, or that the percentage of child molesters in the Church is  actually lower than the average in our school systems, government, child-care services, or in most other major religions  (Read about it, the Catholic Church just gets more media attention because it's easy to attack it for being extra-hypocritical--again, people are fallible and individuals did stupid, terrible things). And if you seriously think that the scientific accomplishments were simply the ability of monks to copy Greek texts then you need a serious history lesson. Also--trying to trivialize the  incredible  act of actually preserving countless irreplaceable, priceless historical texts that literally  sparked the Renaissance  is fucking pathetic. Oh and you know what other group preserved those texts? The Arabs under their new religious revival, Islam. Yep, two religions are directly responsible for modern science and thought.   Oh and you clearly don't know shit about the Catholic Church if you think that:   > On the one hand, the Church actively persecuted (read: tortured and murdered) anybody who disagreed with a LITERAL (remember that? yeah, turns out it was important) interpretation of the bible for hundreds of years.   HA. HA. HA. Dude, you do understand that the Catholic Church has been  defined  by it's different interpretation of the Bible since essentially it's earliest days? What the fuck do you think all of those conclaves and debates were about? Those Christian sects that actually attempted to do exactly what you said--interpret the Bible literally, were many times throughout history, even  before  the Protestant Reformation ( WHICH WAS A BREAK FROM CATHOLICISM BECAUSE PEOPLE WANTED TO INTERPRET THE BIBLE LITERALLY. TAKE A HISTORY LESSON. ) labeled heretics and persecuted. Where do you think for example the Catholic views on the Saints came from? Sure as hell wasn't dictated in the Bible--yet Saints have been a critical aspect of the Church for it's entire history! Wow! I wonder how they accomplished that if they were  just interpreting the Bible literally?  Give me a break. The Catholic Church straight up has always been a  combination  of the Scriptures, Church Catechisms, Tradition, and Papal Interpretation. You  think  you know about the Catholic Church but all you have ever learned was a completely inadequate description you read on /r/atheism, and then a bunch of circlejerking nonsense about it being an evil crew of pedophile hypocrites. But God forbid anyone tells you that you  don't  actually know what it's about because that would imply that they know something that you don't about a thing you've convinced yourself you have "all figured out"! Go read the damn wikipedia article about the Catholic Church buddy, you literally have no idea what you're talking about and you're spouting classic /r/atheism conspiracy theory bullshit. You're what we call a pseudo-intellectual. You literally fake being an intellectual on subjects in order to validate yourself, but really you actually don't know what you're talking about at all and are forced to fall back on cliched, uninformed, misguided arguments that don't hold up in an actual intellectual debate. And the funny thing is I'm not even using anything more than (actual)  basic  knowledge of the Catholic Church here yet I'm still 1000 times more right than you've been this entire discussion. Pseudo-intellectuals like yourself are the cancer that plagues reddit.   You are far too concerned with trying to just win some giant struggle of "science vs Christianity" to ever have an unbiased, objective view on the overall discussion of "science  and  Christianity". You keep trying to change the topic of discussion because you don't care about the discussion itself, you just want to make religion out to be bad, and thus you are actually a  bad debater , just as biased and narrow-minded on this subject as any right-wing evangelical nut-job would be. It's pretty ironic isn't it?
0	polo shirt on sale $40, or teefury shirt $15   levis on sale at amazon $20  (which also go great with CW boots)   timberand steel toes $140.  alternatives(in the office) are retired running shoes($120 new, but after running a few hundred miles you don't shouldn't run in them anymore) or previously mentioned two stepping boots.   I call it the, I work in a office sometimes, but on other days I get my hands dirty with real work look.
1	That actually doesn't really make sense, every time someone wins a lane someone else loses it. If everyone has won their lane the game was pretty unbalanced and a stomp. Normally someone will lose their lane, and if it's not you, it's your job to carry them. If it's you, it's your job to help your team carring you as good as possible.   Or to say it different: If you assume that you're the best on your team, that means there will be someone equal good on the enemy team (Matchmaking), and if he isn't laning against you, he will probably win his lane. Which means that one role should be undecided, which means that you can influence it (depending on you and his role) to make him win the lane. With two won lanes, teamfighting gets much easier.
1	No. Riot will not implement a voice chat because the game has pretty much plateaued at this point. The whole "it will lead to "negative behaviour" based on "data" they collected" is complete bullshit.   Talking to people on voice will humanize the other players and your team mates. It may seem insignificant but the simple fact that you hear people's voices will on a subconscious level greatly affect the way you interact with them. Voice comms will greatly diminish miscommunication between players. In the middle of a tower dive, you won't stop and type "I'll tank" or "you tank"; if it fails you won't have the players rage at each other. In the middle of a fight, you won't stop for 10 sec to type something like "zed is flanking, peel back and then re-engage when flanks are secure" and even if you did, no one would have the luxury to read that. In voice chat, all you have to say is "zed flanking. back off"- takes 2? secs.   There's more I can say about it but I'm too lazy.
1	im new on reddit what does
0	I used to sell movie tickets and I'd use "mam" and "man". Sucks when you can't tell.
0	My GPA is good, too (but I'm writing this instead of studying for an impending exam so maybe not for long), my best friend from high school has decided to become a pervert (so we've fallen out of contact), my other friends from high school are in a university in another city, the only person I made a meaningful connection with in first year has a crippling League of Legends addiction that prevents me from ever talking to/hanging out with him, and I haven't really gelled with anyone else. I blame being a non-drinker in a de facto relationship who isn't living on a college compounded with a complete lack of interest in any of the clubs/societies on campus as well as my personality and niche interests being incompatible with my peers, but it's actually social anxiety reinforced by past failures preventing me from bothering with meaningful friendships.
1	When someone makes a nigger joke, and we call them a racist, there is nothing questionable about that. When someone makes a rape joke, and we call them out for being indecent, there is no question about that. When the person who tells the joke himself more often than not admits to such jokes being in poor taste, there's no questions about that.   Exactly. I'll admit that I do occasionally use the word 'nigger' as a bit of a joke. I'll admit that it is a racist term and I may be racist for using it.   However, I use it around friends that I know and are aware that they will not be offended, I wouldn't dare use it in a public setting.   Not in fear of getting an ass beating or anything but because when one is in public they have the right to be comfortable within the bounds of reason. [EG: I'll not use offensive words [nigger, rape, chink, etc] But I will be comfortable in my gender identity and sexuality, Whichever one I am comfortable with identifying as at that moment and I won't restrict myself because someone may be offended by that because those things are a part of me that I value enough to be unwilling to restrict myself in that regard. [I won't go around and flaunt it, If I'm feeling like a woman that day and am expressing myself as such, I won't go around stating that I have a penis. That's too much information and I don't believe anyone would want to hear about someone talking about their genitals anyway :P]   Offensive humor is not a part of me that I value greatly, I'll gladly omit from using it so I don't make anyone feel uncomfortable.   Which makes me wonder, Should I not use words like that at all, even around friends?   Are we not suppose to question your uses of shithumor?   I know you're not speaking to me but if I were told that it is offensive, even in the company of friends that wouldn't find it as such and I had been told so in a logical, non-patronizing manner [EG: Yes, It is racist to continue to use those words in that context, Yes you are at least slightly racist.]   I'll happily stop doing it.
0	Saying that a geographic location is the reason for racial bias is almost as ignorant as the racism itself. Plain and simple Birmingham is growing at an extremely fast pace with more and more local businesses and a large DIY culture. It's easy to say that the Alabama is full of hicks /hobunks/hillbillies without having been here and experienced the hospitality and kindness of complete strangers. Bottom line I know that unlike sexual orientation racism is a choice, I grew up around my grandfather who was one of the backward-minded individuals fighting against civil rights, luckily I was able to make a choice to work on a person to person basis and form my opinions with character and actions considered.
1	And the ending:   Baron Nashor's Blessing was evidently cursed and that was the final turning point of the game.  The rest of our pushes weren't without resistance but they couldn't afford another full engagement, each of their towers and inhibitors fell.   We kept their respawns staggered, holding off killing their team so that they wouldn't be able to all respawn and homeguard rush us for an ace, they stopped moving in and waited for the others to respawn though and made a final engagement.   The Sona ult went out and their entire team disappeared simultaneously. Towers down and the Nexus falls.   The gratuitous "Noob team" "So fing lucky win" and the odd "go die" from the enemy team and I was facing a Victory screen.   Final Score, 20/8/19   Conclusion   At 20 minutes this looked like one of the worst games I'd ever had the misfortune to play, I was tempted to start the surrender vote myself. But something told me to just click no and carry on with the game, and you know what? I'm glad I did.  I'd resigned myself to the loss but I was driven to just play it until it's end to  get better , not to win, just for practice and so that I could play better next game and take any lessons I'd learnt away with me.   Because my team didn't flame, and because they kept working together no matter how grim the game looked we ended up winning through coordination.   After the game every member of the team added each other and spammed each other with GGs and "HOLY SHIT HOW DID WE WIN", I made 4 good friends today, and I had an excellent win, +17LP may not be much but I feel like I worked for each and every point.   Oh, and I still only got 1 honour, 'Friendly'.   Really?
1	Compared to popular tournament bruiser picks like Jax and Irelia he does not do shit in team fights. He can clear up well, if he gets in range to ult repeatedly. But then again Jax paired with your AD carry would've done the same without any problems whatsoever. Only that it would be a double kill for Jax and a triple kill for Vayne - for example.   His laning phase is pretty strong, but his Q harass forces him to push 24/7 and as a result he is one of the easiest gank targets in the game. No escape, no natural tankiness, always pushing. Ironically champions who outpush him and thereby outlevel him  him win lange against him very convincingly, because he can't win trades when he is a level behind. Think of Cho'gath and Yorick.   I am a bit sick of all these "ZOMFG DARIUS SO OP!"-posts, because he really isn't. People complain that his skill set is just perfect and way too strong. Perfect for what? No gap closer, very short ranged hook, mediocre slow, kill secure ability that will keep your AD carry from getting fed. The type of bruiser that has proven itself in high elo and tournament play and that is the most fitting for the current meta is an assassin type with natural tankiness a long ranged gap closer on a very short cooldown and some form of hard CC. Jax and Irelia are basically the perfect example. Darius is completely different and his skill set has way too many flaws to make him a popular tournament pick. He will remain a niche champion at high level play - just like Tryndamere. Once in a while we see a professional top laner pick him if the enemy team is lacking counter measures and then he will rape faces and get incredibly fed (Think of Rainman's Tryndamere at IPL and Kiev), but that's it. Darius roflstomps low and mid elo solo queue, maybe even lower platinum at times, but he will never be pick or ban at a major offline event.
0	We're actually in one of the most peaceful generations in history right now. It's just that every small modern event gets broadcasted everywhere, while we only hear the
1	Considering your question asked for a team of Western players and not the best players from the west in each position I believe this team would be the strongest:   Top: Dyrus.  Highly consistent and constantly adaptive, Dyrus has the makings of an elite world-level top laner. His champion pool consists of supportive style, tank style, and even carry style so he would have no issues fitting on pretty much any team.   Jungle: Crumbzz.  A surprising pick, I actually believe that Crumbzz would fit on the team I am building more so due to his relaxed and mature personality as well as his supportive style of playing. He never really is the one to step up and carry the team from the jungle, but he makes incredible use of his gold and invests heavily into his laners with warding that is pretty much unmatched in the Western scene. As well, I believe Crumbzz would make a good shot caller given the right circumstance.   Mid: Bjergsen.  Froggen is certainly the stronger proven talent, however Bjergsen is younger and could easily be placed in a conversation with Froggen. Bjergsen's a natural leader and mechanical genius with great knowledge of the middle lane. Putting these all together makes for an easy pick for the top 3 mid laners of the west. Why him over Froggen, though? Because I believe that Bjergsen would be more willing to give up the shot calling position to another person on his team than Froggen would be. As well, I believe that removing him from that position of responsibility allows Bjergsen to shine as THE carry of the team as he would likely demand.   ADC: Rekkles.  Certainly the best talent the West has seen in terms of ADC and his youth and drive to compete makes him a person willing to join these established veterans in an attempt to make the strongest team. Rekkles seems like the consistent ADC that this team would need. Not necessarily the person that will go for the big play, he will if it is asked of him and his talents and skills lends to the ability to do it.   Support: Xpecial.  Consistently considered one of the best supports in the West, his wide champion pool and incredible mechanical skill are added to his long-time status as a professional. He is calculated in his aggression but that does not mean he is not willing to go on the offensive. Rarely getting caught out, a support that can be counted on to perform his job phenomenally Xpecial would likely be a shining pillar on this team.   This team combines the new with the old perfectly. And the team would have solid leadership from someone no matter what is going on and with the consistent style of these players we would likely only see losses in situations where the team was out-picked or simply beaten overall on a mechanical level. The team play from this squad would likely make for the best NA or EU would ever see.
0	I did one in my first year of uni that was due at 12:00. Because I was basically Lazy College Senior in first year I started the process of going online to submit it about 11:56ish, but then the internet went really slow and it was received at 12:00:50. I nearly started crying, panicked (knowing it was my own fault for leaving it so late kind of made it worse) and rushed into the school to see what the procedure was. Turns out at my school they still accept it as on time until 12:00:59 if the deadline for that specific piece of work for that specific module is phrased as  at  12:00, not  by  12:00, which it was. The lady at Student Services was looking at me like I was the worst person and kept telling me I was really lucky and should plan better. Which was true.  That was the closest call I ever had and I am so lucky that that module leader at my school worked that way as pretty much anywhere else I'd have failed.
1	Yes you can blame someone who could have taken the higher road. He wasn't 'lynched' by the community, and he has never been a godlike midlaner. The fact is, even if you don't blame him for his poor performance, if they are wanting to compete with CLG, C9, TL, they needed an upgrade. He could have just recognized that fact and left gracefully without a mark against him on his resume (I count blasting your former employer as a mark against him, because that's how future employers will see it), but he is too young and immature for that so he burned a bridge.
1	No one is obligated to follow the meta. Problem is solved if people think about this. The only problem that'd make players flame is that the first/second or whatever pick the champion the last or 4th pick wants. Taking a role shouldn't make anyone angry. If first pick takes top champion I can also take a top champion and no one can stop me from doing so. Nowadays people think that lacking on a role in the team composition will end the game with a loss. Last night I played a ranked with a friend of mine. He was last pick and he said he's going tank. Second and 3rd pick just said: "tank is not a role noob, and i'm top". I told them that tank IS a role and top is a lane. Their reaction? " omfg how do you have more elo than me (being first pick) and be such a noob". Since this thing happened, i realised that elo hell exists and the first ten matches are elo lottery.
1	Just for your information considering future announcements like this:     give details, not just lines like  >I've completed some levels in it, without going fully ham on the details and gfx yet, and there's still alot of coding to do to, but yea     you are talking about a pretty big software project, so people are interested in technologies you are using. You can link your GitHub repository for example.     it is usually not very wise to post in such an early stage of your "idea". It feels like you are just a dude who wants to be in the spotlight. Complete a few minutes of playable content, create a small website where people can try it and afterwards you should post here.
1	You say this like it's an original idea.  People have been doing this for every IP since 3D printers have been available to the public, and they almost always get shut down because it's illegal.
1	As a diamond player what people don't realize is that all tier levels are similar. There's ragers everywhere, trolls everywhere, people with bad strategy, bad mechanics, blunderful people who aren't even paying attention.   In diamond, today, I had a first pick vayne who doesn't ban thresh, and then wonders how he loses the game vs thresh+draven and draven kills everyone because of snowball. Then the very next game, he picks something he's actually good at in mid and wins his lane, and because it's anivia you can't counterpush and he kills everyone due to snowball (so basically I lost two games because of this guy).   Then the next game, the enemy team has a completely stupid vayne that I completely outplay in every level---but this is a guy with incredibly good stats with vayne.   So my score for the day is 1 win - 2 losses. But 2 of the games had really not much to do with me.   But the only difference in diamond is, people are more quiet, less rageful. Less likely to troll fully. But they still don't know basic strategy etc., or they forget for that 1 game. That 1st game vayne, didn't even realize that when she showed bot, the enemy did baron. Like the most obvious blunders that ruined the game, this guy is plat 1 though. People are just incredibly inconsistent.
1	It's hard to make a plot for a plotless game, without ruining the thoughts around champions. Someone is gonna see their favorite champion being different from what they imagined and then give riot a lot of mess. The cinematics so far have been "ingame" based and champions only displaying play styles, giving them a 100% personality would ruin a lot of fun, would make your main very different to play. Each cinematic costs and takes ages to make, a whole movie would ruin them currently. And who would be the protagonist? I don't think Riot choosing one person above others would fall well with the fans. And with summoners a not being a relevant thing they can't use that. The only way I see, as far as writing the movie goes, is it being players themselves coming in and applying their own personality to the champions they play, where some of course some change their IRL personality to what they think the champion should be like. And then we just need QTPie to be there and say "you just have to do it, it's easy. But if you can't then your garbage", and the movie would be ready to sail if they make a decent budget that they still can afford.
0	Initially this, of course, makes sense. You've got so many experiences in your life ahead of you. Having a baby at 16 is crazy. Crazy!   Oh, but wait!   If you have a kid at 16, by the time  they're  16, you'll be 32. Maths, innit?   By the time they're 18 and off to university or whatever to start their own adult adventures you'll be 34. 34! The age I was 4 years ago, and I'm still waiting to grow up. At 34 you can physically and mentally do everything you could at 24 and you're probably earning more money with it.   Interesting...   But what if they follow your example and  also  have a kid at 16? Hmm. Well then you've got the responsibility of helping your teenage child raise their child (aka your grandchild - keep up at the back). No reclaiming your youth for you.   To conclude (aka
1	you just were complaining it was a "new build" yet several of those builds are almost exactly the same as the ones they are building now.   so you are changing your arguement now that you are proven wrong, with proof that this isint a "new" build. you even said you had 10k games and never saw fizz top.   champs may roam at slighlty different times, but they are under the same circumstances. anyone who plays tops, especially pros, have a sense when its a good idea to roam or not, when to push when to freeze ect. although yes it varies slightly from champ to champ based on power spikes and items, farm team comp and everything else, the fact is overall, the feel for top stays the same. Theres basically a checklsit you go through and if roaming warrants it, then you do it. its not like i hit X level or i got X item, that means off i go!   irelia and riven for instance may roam slightly different, but under the same circumstances, they try to push the wave or push the other laner out, and then roam for free. while the time line may differ the general strategy is the same.   power spikes in lane, are not really different unless you are taking a really bad skill level path. items vary, but not much, as fizz needs the burst from a sheen item and the sustain synergy from botrk to be effective. weather you go sheen or cutlas first both will give you a decent power spike at relatively the same time.
0	I made the same mistake.   Around the time the first one came out on DVD, I made the mistake of buying it. So I decided to watch it over one of my various breaks alone at around 1 am in bed on my Xbox with my turtle beach headset. So all the noises jump scares were amplified. Once it ended I had to piss so bad, mind you it's like 3 in the am, so I walk into the hallway. I have to pass my parents room to use the bathroom, and there door was open and my father was sitting on the edge of the bed staring into the hallway not saying a word. I scampered into the bathroom, quickly peed and ran back to bed. Neither of us spoke of it and I nearly pissed myself that night.
0	That's not how genetics work.  Gingers will be extinct if gingers and carriers of the ginger gene stop having kids.  What's happening is that there are less and less gingers because the ginger gene is being spread out over the population.  If two gingers have kids, all of their kids will be gingers; if a ginger and someone without the gene have kids, all the kids will be non-ginger, but carry the gene; if two ginger carriers have kids, 1/4 will be ginger, 2/4 will be carriers, and 1/4 will be non-ginger; if a non-ginger and a carrier have kids, half will be carriers, half won't; and if a ginger and a carrier have kids, half will be ginger, and half will be carriers.
0	I know we're all here for a laugh, but I would really like to emphasize how important this is with a quick story.   I was in a lab environment where safety was lax, and no one wore safety glasses.  I knew better but followed suit anyway.  Due to a miscommunication with a labmate, I thought a 1 L flask held highly dilute H2SO4.  It did not.  Instead, it held 98% H2SO4.  Some splashed on my face and neck.  I was so very fortunate though.  Only my eyelids were burned and not my eyeballs.  Furthermore, I immediately began rinsing until I received medical attention.  After it was over, my recovery was swift and thorough.  After a week's time, it was almost impossible to tell that I was ever burned.  I am not a believer, but a part of me wants to attribute it to an act of god.  I got very lucky.  A quick Google search of H2SO4 burns can tell you that many do not.
1	I have always been bothered by trolls in games, until I played and won my first troll game.   We got into a game and at least two of my teammates weren't co-operating, two people called jungle, picked smite as summoner and refused to change.  In response, my friend who I queued with also picked smite... I followed suite and all of a sudden we have four smites, five revives and one promote (it turned out our anivia was a veteran troll and knew that promote would be necessary to push when we finally decided to stop ganking and go all mid)   We started by invading and smiting their blue to death.  We picked up first blood and another kill or two as well, then we ran around ganking, pushing lanes when necessary and stealing every buff with our superior smite coverage.   We ended up winning that game.  I had the best K/D/A score as jungle Zilean, and my friend was a close second with jungle twitch.  Needless to say, it was one of the funnest games I've played on LoL, and the only ones upset about our trolling were the enemy team.  Sometimes people troll, but if the whole team makes the unspoken pact to troll together... magic happens.
0	I actually work at a daycare and I have to say, I think this a LOT.   One instance is a 3y/o child who cries like a baby. She has an infant sister and her mother once was holding the infant in a car seat, 2 bags (diaper bag and milk bag) and was upset her 3y/o child "insisted" on being carried.   I kept on wondering why she just didn't have the damn child WALK. She's 3 and is still in diapers, never uses actual words, and just cries and points to what she wants.
1	You are either younger than myself and still have hope or more optimistic than myself and still think that French people can learn English and more than that, wants to learn it.   Go on any Video games forum and check the forums concerning any game that chose not to translate the game in french.   You will find countless of "this game is great but in english so nope".   Our country (I'm obviously french too) is full of despise for english, on top of that the way we learn it at school is awful. I learned english in 1 year when I decided I needed to be able to understand series instead of waiting for the subtitles ;p. Most people can't even go to a movie if it's in english, outside of Paris, you can have a hard time finding a theater with movies in english.   So yes, french casters are mandatory.   But even without this, when you are in a country, a way to show respect to the audience is to give them some confort. And in France we speak french, so you have to make the presentation in french. And don't forget that the game is playable at the age of 12, and try to remember the young 12 yo You and his ability to speak and understand english, except if you are out of the norm, must a terrible memory :p.
1	As a support and ADC main, I feel the harsh bullcrap that supports go through and that ADCs inflict on my supports, giving me an epiphany in terms of how to act when playing.
0	I was bullied for the first half of sixth grade because I was short and skinny.   One day I got shoved right as I was going outside for recess by one of the most popular kids in school. He shoved me in the middle of a large crowd of our peers and I had this moment of clarity where I knew what I had to do.   I told him what I wanted to say in a very calm but VERY loud voice so that everyone already outside and coming out of the building would hear and turn towards us see what was going on, and they did.   I told the guy that if he wanted to fight, fair enough, I would fight him. Right here, right now, with everyone watching. I told him that I wouldn't take it easy on him, and that he had no idea what he was getting into. If he wanted to take that chance, then this was his opportunity.   Another kid had tried to sucker punch me in the face earlier that week during recess and I had grabbed his fist out of the air mid-punch and just stared at the guy who did it with a burning anger in my eyes (I might have been small but goddamn if I don't have ridiculous reflexes). This gave me confidence. I knew that the bully I was confronting now had seen me pull off this ninja shit earlier, so he knew I wasn't fucking around and that I wasn't as weak as I appeared.   With everyone in our grade slowly gathering around us, he decided that the chance of his ego and face getting bruised in front of our peers was not a risk he was willing to take. There were some other people who were friends of his who were in this crowd who had bullied me that year as well. They all took note.   I never got bullied again, all through high school they remembered that I wasn't a pushover and never again did I get shoved or threatened.
1	My story with Rumble is that I bought him when he was on sale cause I too had heard so much about how fun he is.   I did SO badly my first 10 games with him. I seemed to get dominated in lane even though Rumble is supposed to be the bully in lane. I couldn't seem to control the creepwave and kept pushing and getting ganked. I couldn't even do basic things like last hit with him cause my Q couldn't seem to tick at the right time.   Slowly though, I started to understand how to use him and slowly I got better and better with him. And now I consider Rumble one of my best champs.   So
1	For those who didn't watch:   Blaze is down three inhibitors and 8k gold.   Woong and Shy dive almost into the fountain, get annihilated.   Cpt Jack trades T3 Boots for Zephyr.   Woong gets caught... Blaze wins :D
0	I've actually used "I'll probably get downvoted for this" a few times, but when I do, it's to make it apparent to the person I'm commenting on that I really don't care that what I'm saying won't be agreed with by him, but it's something I felt I should say. It's not for attention, like the whole "am I ugly?" thing, it's actually because I believe I'll get downvoted, but I just don't care. I've never once seen a girl say "I'm so ugly" or "am I ugly" who actually thinks she's ugly. It happens, I'm sure, but not often. It's usually while posting a picture of herself in some stupid pose that makes it obvious that she thinks she's anything but ugly.
1	If you look closely to nocturne, when he is reaching kat there says: "Can't be disabled", you get the Energy back because you taunted noc but you can stop him.
0	Well, yes, in a perfect world this would be true, but in the reality we  actually  inhabit, no one says "what's wrong?" for no reason. If someone says "what's wrong?" or something similar, it's because  you are acting like something is wrong . Giving a one word answer, especially the one word answer that is most often used as an evasion, won't end the conversation, it'll confirm the suspicions of the person who already suspects something wrong due to  your  behavior or body language or whatever set this off in the first place.   It's like that one guy said upthread- miscommunication is (mainly) the problem of the communicator, not the problem of the audience.
1	When you hit level 30 you are able to play ranked games, otherwise known as solo queue (whereby you queue, by yourself or  one  other member). Initially everybody starts out with 1200 Elo (it will say unranked). You first 10 matches give you a lot more/less Elo than any others and you will get Elo if you win a match and lose Elo if you win a match. If you win all 10 matches (unlikely) you would get to around 1800. After your 10 matches, the amount of Elo you get for winning goes down until it caps at around 12-20 Elo per game (you get the same for winning and losing).   You get put into a tier depending on where you are:   Bronze: Between 0 and 1149 (Team: 0-1249) (Top 100%)   Silver: Between 1150 and 1499 (Team: 1250-1449) (Top 68%-13%)  Majority of Active Player Base   Gold: Between 1500 and 1849 (Team: 1450-1649) (Top 13%-1.5%)   Platinum: Between 1850 and 2199 (Team: 1650-1849) (Top 1.5%-0.1%)   Diamond: 2200 and above (Team: 1850+) (Top 0.1%)
0	I was already rolling my eyes expecting it to be "he is a loser lol". Glad to see I was wrong. If someone was a dick to you in school,  who fucking cares. Dont get hung up on high school. But the fact a douche bag turned I to a solid human being is cool and definitely a success.
1	the guy who does the
0	I either replied to the wrong comment, or misread your comment.   either way it's almost 3:30 AM here on the east cost in the USA, and as such, I excuse myself from committing either error (meaning it's late, I'm sleepy, and probably shouldn't be commenting).
1	I'm pretty sure they implemented refunds solely so they could lighten the load on customer service from people asking for refunds.  They probably view refunds as a bad idea but since reddit thrives on diarrhea of the mouth, everyone found out they did it for some people and Riot therefore had to do it for everyone since they want to be the best.   If there is no good reason for it (ie, they changed the skin you bought, like Mercenary Kat) you shouldn't ever expect more than the arbitrary limit they set.
0	Not even close to the worst, but I'll confirm that the thought is incredibly aggravating. In theory I agree, but here's the deal. How does one 'earn' them? Do we give prompt an courteous service, or is that just our job? Tell jokes? Drop the rest of our sections so you feel more attended to than everyone else? Lick your boots? We have no way to know what you want. Worse, if you take the time to explain what you want (I love waiting through those speeches), you're not only wasting time that we could have spent getting you fed, but also feeding all the other patrons. Or checking the kitchen's work. Or cleaning, or stocking, or any of the other multitude of things we have to do.   Now, don't get me wrong. I generally make decent money, and enjoy my job. But that's due in large part to usually being able to spot the folks that want me to earn their respect before I can earn money, and passing them to less experienced servers. We see hundreds or thousands of people a week; we get pretty good at reading people.
0	You cannot translate the chance of susceptibility from an individual to a group.   Sure you can, assuming everyone in the group has the same odds. There's a 99% chance of the first person being protected, then a 0.99^2 (out of 1) chance that the first two in a row are both protected... All the way up to a 0.99^100 (out of 1) chance that all 100 people were successfully made immune from the vaccine. So there is around a 63% chance that (at least) one of those 100 people will be susceptible...
0	She was a electronics department manager but she stepped down when she couldnt get a raise because of the cap and when a customer spit in her face. Just a cranky old man was mad about something and spit in the face of the nearest Walmart employees. The managers didnt do anything about it.   Long story short she got fed up and took a 2 $ cut in pay to work as a zone stocker in 3rd ship and quickly  was told she wouldn't get any more money because she is capped at that job too.
0	I was with a girl on and off for about a year and a half. She had a habit of apologizing for things and wanting to get back together shortly before gift giving holidays, or any holiday in general, because she knew I was going to get her something whether it was a big day or not, because I was blindly, madly in love with her. I knew all along that she just wanted the things, but sometimes, the way she would smile at me when we were just together, not doing a thing, made me feel like my little lie of a love was worth it. I lied to myself for a year after our final and ultimate breakup, telling myself that there was something really there, some truly happy memory worth holding on to, and I wept at night because I really, truly wanted to believe something was there. A few months ago, I got a call from her grandmother who raised her for several years and with whom she was somewhat close. She told me that the girl had admitted to only wanting to be with me because of the money I spent on her, but said the way she talked about me, even the grandmother thought something may have been there once. This only further damaged my already confused heart. However, since then, I have been doing better, and have been in a good, stable relationship for a month or so, so I guess this story has a happy ending.   Sorry for writing a book and taking you on a probably unwanted tangent.
0	People that downvoted you probably don't know you're trying to help.  The P trap is not a trap for urine, but the way the pipe is shaped underneath.  This trap, in the shape of a P, catches big heavy objects that otherwise shouldn't be there.  Toothbrushes, combs, rings, etc.
1	I would love to play Riven mid against some matchups in ranked, but whenever i ask if somebody wants mid already and talk about a AD mid everyone goes like "Omg QQ you dont know meta, noob".
0	Man, you are spot on.  I did four tours.  The first one was the build up in Kuwait and the invasion.  I headed home about two months after Bush declared the "Mission Accomplished."  I was out on the relatively pointy end of thespear and all we had for comforts and supply was the every other week visit from the AAFES trailer.  Reast assured that things were a little spartan.  I returned home 15 pounds underweight due to exhaustion and a bit of poor nutrition.   The day I got home, I was picked up at base and stopped at a convenience store on the way home.  I was AMAZED by the amount of things.  Duct tape, motor oil, and tylenol.  Non-rationed cigarettes, beef jerky and gatorade.  AND BEER!  Talk about sensory overload.   Then as I was leaving a male and female land whale were walking in and damn near ran over me on the way to the big gulp or whatever sugar filled delicacy their fat asses desired.  As the male fat beast dumped into me, he said "Move pussy!"  Needless to say, I was momentarily filled with doubt about my countrymen.
0	I had a customer demand to see the mod because we asked for his phone number (we do for everyone because rewards accounts are based on phone numbers). He came back to the store something like an hour after his purchase. I work at a fairly large store and was strapped for folk(3 people on the floor and one on break). I extricated my self from register (leaving a line of 10people mind you). First he wouldn't believe I was the mod and technically most senior manager present (I do look youngish but you'd think me and my coworkers telling him he'd get it). He then demanded 15% off of his transaction because the phone number thing had "creeped him out" I explained to him our entire rewards policy and how the 15% is contingent with signing up. He kept demanding it so I decided to give it to him (it was off a 24$ pair of gloves) just to get him out of there. Suddenly this was not enough. He began demanding a gift box (which we are charging a dollar for this year, not what I would have done but I don't run the store lol). Then he began berating me about how I wasn't helping the people in line. I called out my other coworker on break (we are the same level, keyholders) to discuss how to proceed. The man was totally erratic and I was becoming increasingly worried about what he would do since every problem i solved he demanded something else. i was a step from kicking him out or calling the cops however as soon as my friend came out from the middle of her break, he stopped demanding things and just took the stuff and a gift box and left.
1	Don't become meaner! My boyfriend also got me into LoL and the best lost game I ever had was when we had a 4-man group with a random Taric - we were doing bad and losing terribly but that Taric was always super encouraging and supportive, sometimes he'd comment stupid deaths with "x_x careful!", "oh no don't go mid". We were all on skype and even though everyone was frustrated how the game was going, we agreed that Taric was making everything better, because he wasn't raging and never gave up.
1	Support is a function I believe, not necessarily a role. Currently we are designating the second person in the bottom lane as "support" but really, an Orianna mid is often just as much a support as an Annie or Morgana "support".   I say that support is a function, because you are intended to do just that, support. Thresh is super strong because he can peel for days and create opportunities for the team. He is supporting the team. The same applies to an Orianna or Lulu (or whatever support mage) in the mid lane. Orianna hits that ultimate and creates an opportunity for her team to make huge plays, much like a tibbers, binding, or crescendo.   Carries as a function deal massive damage. The ADC (or marksman now) is solely responsible for dealing massive damage. However, some marksmen are supports (Ashe for example). She provides massive opportunities for her team with the Enchanted Crystal Arrow.   My point here is that the labels we have assigned to these champions or positions are not necessarily all encompassing, and should be evaluated on a case by case basis.
1	I wanna see Froggen vs Faker and Doublelift vs Uzi so badly, even tho Faker and Uzi are better, I just want to see how these styles match up. I want to see Deft vs Namei and Froggen vs Bjergsen... god damn it.   One of the reasons why you want to see it this badly is because you normally don't get the chance to. That guarantees that you will be one of the viewers of the next world championship. That's exactly why there are not many international tournaments, to build hype and make sure that people WILL turn in when it happens, that's how football does it and it's adapted pretty well to LoL.   Plus there are over 3 international tournaments per year imo that's enough. The IEM's, the new allstars and worlds - not sure why people need even more.
1	I feel like I never need to read the patch notes ever again with Blakinola doing
0	I was this girl! A bunch of my classes throughout college used WebCT, a web-based lecture supplement dealy where profs could post slides and have online quizzes and stuff. It had a discussion board section and you could attach files to your posts, so I'd upload my excellent, awesome, thorough, really well-organized notes before every exam. I was taking them digitally anyway, so why the hell not share? Also it got to the point where I got so used to sharing my notes that I wrote them specifically to be easy for other people to understand, and now that I'm graduated, friends who are taking the same classes I did are still asking for them.
1	it depends on your style of play, i dont think one really is any better than the other   ap can insta kill one person, great assassin, but unreliable with spells on cd and fairly squishy without her ult...plays similar to sion, in that your gonna run in, stun someone, bust your load on some unlucky fucker, then run away till you can do it again   ad cant insta kill someone, but puts out amazing sustained damage and is way more tanky...personally i build tri-force infin-edge, then randuins or whatever other tanky stuff i need...mid game, i would compare her to irelia in how strong she is with triforce, great, though relatively smaller, burst and great sustain...late game she is able to initiate without ult, take all the focus cause her tankiness, ult at half health to all of a sudden be unkillable, and just sits in the middle of the fight killing everything...for this reason, i love ad poppy
0	No, I can understand your skepticism, I really can. That's why I can't really get upset at your comment. The world, especially Reddit, is so full of bullshitters. I will try to get him to send me a picture with his birth certificate and his letter from the foundation that gave him the scholarship. It's all made funnier by the fact that he looks like a 6'5" irish lumberjack.   Oh yes, and thank you for twisting my words. There are more foundations out there that provide scholarships solely for "African Americans" than solely Caucasians (none that I'm aware of unless the KKK or Aryan Nation funds some). So seeing as most of my friends were white kids, born in the US, they didn't have the opportunity for the same scholarship he did (by the way, still talking about a white kid born in Africa). But nowhere did I imply that black kids take out less loans or go to school free more so than white kids. Thanks for taking a couple sentences and trying to make it look like I was making a broad generalization.
0	This.   When I met my current girlfriend, a mutual trashy friend of ours set us up and I was primed to be skeptical. We first interacted via Facebook, and feeling cocky and punchy, I sent her this weird message that was a half apology for blowing her off for two weeks, half playful explanation that she should get used to it because I'm kind of a dick like that (I was playing - actually, I'm adorkable). She sent me back a message in kind that at one point, casually mentioned she "stopped reading during the second paragraph because [she] got bored." Wait, what? Who the fuck WAS this girl?   An agonizing week later we arranged for late night tea and she proved to be one of the first chicks I'd ever met who could not only keep pace with me, but stump me. I fell in love with her via text, actually. I'd constantly dish something out to her only to have her escalate it to a point where sometimes I'd 'win,' but easily half the time she would.   She makes me funnier. I'm creative, unpredictable and theatrical in my jokes; she's twice as pithy and devastatingly clever. My favorite moments of hers are the ones where she would get a spark in her eye, stop, realize she had come up with the perfect retort and deliver it with perfect timing and absolute confidence.   As MintChocolate_Monkey said, all this pointed to the traits under the hood. She's not only smart, she's ambitious, geeky and a good person to boot. All of which is why I moved halfway across America to live with her a short year-and-a-half later. And here I thought that up until meeting her at twenty-nine, I didn't know if I'd ever really fall in love.
1	So. I've got a couple of ideas. The first one being a champ that deals magic damage with autonattacks, simply enough. Could crit, - not sure how it'd go wih lifesteal/spellvamp though. Unsure as well if the autos would scale wi AP or AD.   Another one is a versatile fucker. Like. Super fucking versatile. Either changing base stats in addition to his spells abilities (IE: Q = some sort of dmg, increases AD or AP scaling on abilities. Or crit, or whatnot. W = shirld and some MR / armor. E = short stun and a MS boost, the passives woul be non- stackable unless ult is on. R= allows the extra effects from various abilities stack with eachother for X seconds, as well as increasing range or duration on stun, shield deals half it's amount in damage when disappearing, Q applies either a slow or a DoT.)   OOOOOR some champ that can kind of tailor his skillset. Starts of weak, below than average stats.. But at X level (or just beginning of the game) he / she / it can choose to domewhat take on the tole of ADC, SUPP, TANK or AP.  AD form could be given some thing AA related, and a bit extra range - even if starting out as melee to begin with. Abilities would gain various offensive aspects (AD scaling, something something something.) the supp spec would allow for casting some spells on allies for shields or heals, as well as potentially adding armor or MR shred to one of the abilities.   The tank would have CC, as well as.. Uh. Maybe tenacity, mr and armor base boost. HP scaling on defensive abilities.   AND THEN THE AP. AP scaling and flat dmg increase on abilities,something that opens up for combos.   And another one. A ranged assassin using some sort of hands or such to damage enemies - primarily not having a projectile. The hand appearing next to the targer before hitting them.. Or anything like that. Stealth or kind of short range and extreme mobility would be awesome. Especially if coupled with doing mafic damage on AA. I can imagine something like a child (or yordle) with spectral or just magic disembodied hands who he uses to attack.
0	It's just the difference in the fact that Americans used to own black people, and the English used to own everyone. Black people in America want to differentiate themselves from the people that used to own (specifically) them.   It's also because there is still a general lack of education in predominantly black areas. We're still much more segregated than we should be. No restaurant has a whites only sign, but there are plenty of neighborhoods that are basically whites only or blacks only. Until the "there goes the neighborhood" attitude goes away, this will continue.
1	From what we could hear, he was still not handling the situation as the perceived team leader should.  When he said things like "everyone else disagrees," even though neither OddOne or Xpecial said anything, he isn't helping the Chaox's team mentality.  Dyrus even stepped up to say that Chaox wasn't the only one at fault.  They are a team, Chaox wasn't the only one who made a mistake.  Reginald was ONLY focusing on Chaox's mistake.  His was the most visible, but not having at least a primary lvl 1 plan before the game starts is inexcusable.   And the
0	There doesn't need to be any other reason.  These disorders are highly complex, and manifest differently in everyone.  One PTSD patient might have bad dreams, while another will commit suicide, while the third beats his wife, and the fourth commits a violent crime in a public place.  Brain chemistry is barely understood at all by the very best scientists and doctors in the field, so for you to claim that these disorders can't be the only reason belittles their work, and comes across as very arrogant.  The best scientists in the world can't predict violent crimes in patients that they interact with every day, so how can you, someone clearly not well studied in the field, maintain a strong opinion on the matter at all?   I personally have suffered through severe mental illness, and I can tell you without doubt or reservation that a very common disorder affected me in an extremely unique and personalized way.  My brain chemistry is overwhelmingly different from another person with the same disorder, which is why traditional medications didn't work for me and we were forced to try experimental ones.
1	I may not have the 90 minutes to watch all the way through, even though I do appreciate the detail and work he put into this.   Anyone have a
1	His build wtill stay pretty much the same,he can still Q and E and get out,just because his riftwalk has 3 seconds cd doesnt mean we have to build cdr now,its 2 secs less,enjoy it.   His role is exactly the same,counter ap's mid,he will still be able to R in, Q>E and go out with his shield easy,and riftwalk is ready by then.   Nothing is changed,theres just a bit more counterplay to him since he no longer silences u,but he plays exactly the same,and still very strong  overall.
1	Always jungling with one champion isn't the best idea. Having a big repertoire of junglers you can play lets you pick one that fits into your team comp/counters the opposing team comp nicely.   For example, Shy is a good pick when you have lanes with good CC. Say Ryze mid, Vayne + Ali bot and WW top (a bit of an overkill but you get the idea). Or the opposition has a jungler that is slow or easily counterjungled, say Amumu, Alistar, WW, Hecarim, Jarv, Fiddles, Shen... Even if you always run exhaust you'll have more success with a team full of CC than the opposite and she'll always be better against slower junglers as opposed to quicker ones (where it generally just becomes a race of who can clear more, get away with it and ganks right lanes).   Another example is Nocturne, who shines the most in a team that already has a tanky bruiser so he doesn't have to necessarily build full tank. On the other hand he sort of counters the enemy teleport ultimates (Shen, TF, Panth). Sort of because the nerfed range is really small these days.   You should never pick a support jungler in a team comp of low damage or non-bursty champions. You can't really pick Mao if you have a Malphite top and say a Vlad mid, as it's not optimal and you might fail badly. On the other hand he's amazing with bursty champs and against AoE team comps.
0	This. Exactly this. I'm a black belt in Karate, and I was bullied in England (i was bullied because I am Mexican) anyways, over in England i could fight back with no repercussion so I kicked the shit out of 3 people who thought they could just physically harm me, I couldn't give a fuck about their words but once they tried to punch me they were done for. One of them was choked out, the other kneed and kicked in the head repeatedly, the third one was tossed around and hit in the sternum several times. I did not start any of those fights.   After I came back to Mexico I got moved up a year and the people there bullied me, I couldn't say anything in class without being humiliated, I told everyone, noone did shit ( this wasn't a public school either, it was a pretty damn expensive school.) What made me angry was that i couldn't defend myself because if I said something back to them they would get aggressive and I couldn't fight back because I wanted to get into a good highschool and a good college. I was bullied for one year, without being able to fight back because I didn't want to get suspended. The kids were one year older than me and bigger but they would stand 0 chance against me if we got into a fight, I however had to bottle it all up and battle through the bullying, my parents divorcing, me getting moved up a year (which was so fucking gay because I had childhood friends in the other class and everyone was kind and all) and I also had to deal with the feelings I felt when I thought about my English friends and my inability to see them.   Fuck the school systems in Mexico, they are fucking retarded. I wanted to beat the living shit out of the bullies but I was powerless because noone would do fucking shit and I couldn't defend myself.   The good part is that the guy who bullied me didn't get his good conduct certificate, which made him enter his highschool  whilst being underwatch and if he did anything wrong he'd get expelled... motherfucker got expelled. When I was told he was expelled I was so fucking happy that day.
0	I'm not British so that erases any possibility of a Tea Break. We had to sit down and eat our lunch during lunch. We weren't allowed to get up and go play. In Middle School when we went to lunch, we had the option to eat outside but anyone who tried to get up and have any form of fun, playing tag, throwing a football, etc. got detention and/or referral with having their ball taken. I also went to Middle and Elementary School in the hood.   In High School we could do that stuff but it wasn't recess. We had an hour lunch because many kids couldn't get their lunches and eat it in less because I had so many kids in my school. My dad worked there so I just went to his class and ate with other kids from the wrestling team.
0	I am finishing up my junior year as an engineering student at a very selective / competitive school (yes, I have a good internship), and the engineering classes here are commonly curved to a B-/B. That means that half the kids are getting a 3.0 or 2.8 or whatever in their core classes. taking liberal electives and getting As means you can pull this up a little. But i got an interesting, relevant, well paying internship, and my GPA is not much better than the median here.   Self-learning the course is irrelevant, it's not that you don't understand. It's that everyone else understands too, and understands it really well, and the class is still curved to a 3.0 or whatever.
1	In ranked you will see some good players who really want to play ranked to win, like you. Some of them will really try very hard and will notice the smallest mistake of the team, and start flaming or typing uselessly in /all chat ("This  champion here  is so bad report pls"etc.). Some will be less worried about losing and will take it relaxed. Some just want you to lose, because they didn't get mid, or because they support.   Anyways, a bit hard to do, but to make your games more enjoyable you don't have to worry at all. If you're indifferent about losing, you will both have more fun, and win more games. That's because you won't be anxious when playing, making you play better. I've won 1000 normals and lost 770, when at ranked thats different, because i was very nervous, i even was shaking my legs. Now that i'm not, i successfully climbed a whole tier.   The best thing to do is do your absolute best at placement games. They count a lot. But dont flame.
0	So the logic of this follows that there was some sort of organized agenda to the riots? That the UK riots happened because they were pissed of with the "Government"? Even though the later statement is a small part of the truth it is somewhat simple Simon bullshit. Let me clarify what I mean by asking some questions.   In your experience do council estate kids often or even sometimes start organizing themselves in to huge country wide social action groups but then get it wrong? Could the riots have ANYTHING to do with huge swathes of a generation being totally disenfranchised from society and the law due to the said law, or lack thereof, ending free higher education or the progressive end of "on the job training" for example? Could being stuck in poverty with no hope of escape be a factor? Could it have anything to do with the criminal justice act, the war on drugs and the changes in stop and search powers being used by the police to criminalize huge amounts of people but also to fill quotas? Is there ANY way these kids are so twisted by the world around them that this behavior manifested itself as soon as an opportunity arose? Or did they plan it all from the start? Could it have anything to do with problems in the education system and social care? Basically what I am asking is, could the riots have been a symptom of serious social issues or should we just blame it on the poor people?   When the cops fish for drug users at my local station with dogs on a Friday night, totally failing to arrest dealers but turning huge groups of otherwise law abiding kids in to criminals, everyone who gets arrested there looks at the legal system as a joke when they can't get taken seriously over violent crime in their neighborhoods. Those numbers add up quick. This is not a bunch of kids who got together to show their discontent with the "Government" in some sort of organized process of "riot creation". This is clearly an organic symptom of wide spread destitution and thus disenfranchisement. I don't agree with it but calling it the "fault" of the rioters, lets the administration off the hook in a literally insane way. Even though it happened all over the country at separate times people seem to think it was organized in some way and not a domino effect symptomatic of incredibly wide social problems. Does anyone think they were intelligently making a political point on mass and thus organized themselves in an intentional manor? Or could it be a natural occurrence when you have a "mob" that doesn't respect the law? As soon as you answer these questions honestly you have to stop righting it off as a group of young people being hypocrites and you have to look at some pretty serious underlying societal problems.   OPs meme only works when you're talking about an individual and not a huge group and yet it refers to them as a group. Rioters. The government must take responsibility for endemic social issues just as much as individuals must take responsibility for their actions. As we know, mob mentality makes people do some crazy shit. Individually, sure, assholes. But as a non organized group? Should we not be asking how this happened rather than pointing our impotent little fingers? This is not black and white and this silly re post does seem to characterize it as such.
1	Exactly. Pretty much any of the popular supports shit on Kog for the first 20 minutes of the game. I actualy think that it's perfectly fine for supports to have a strong laning phase, but I think some ADs just have ridiculously weak laning phases. I think Rito is putting too much emphasis on damage values when trying to evaluate how weak a champs laning phase has to be to justify his lategame.   Lategame dps is not just about the damage part, but also about the "seconds" or time part, which is where especialy Kog has problems. Having an escape mechanism effectively gives you more dps because you survive and deal damage for a longer period of time. This is also where cast times and animations come into play. For example, Vayne, Twitch have all of their damage bound to their autoattacks. There is no additional animations they have to go through to put out the maximum amount of damage. Varus, Corki and Ezreal are the exact opposite, in that they have a lot of power bound to cast times and animations and need to go through these and "waste time" to deal the maximum amount of dmg. Cait, Lucian and Quinn (in that order) are somewhere in between casters and autoattackers, seeing as they have fairly long animations they need to go through, but also a fairly powerful autoattack steroid.   You could argue that early to late balancing being too much about the damage aspect of "DPS" is the reason why champions with a flatter powercurve are more effective. Cait, Lucian and Twitch are prime examples for this phenomenon. Only in rare cases like Ryze, Jax, Renekton, Vayne and Lee Sin a bigger amplitude in the power curve is worth it.
1	I got banned in the middle of a placement match at the beginning of this season. Got caught purchasing account referrals as I had spent 54$ on the boost recieving 17k rp, 35k ip, Grey WW and Medieval Twitch (the rewards for recruiting 100 friends to level 10). A group of my friends and I were caught, banned for 2000+ years but riot was forgiving, deciding to just take all of the things we gained away and then some (removing skins, champs, etc.).
0	Speaking from personal experience, black bears are only extremely dangerous if you come across a mother and its cubs. In most other cases, you simply have a curious bear looking for something to eat.   Black bears (that aren't taking care of cubs) are quite cowardly. It's easy to scare them off with loud noises and aggressive behaviour. You can even chase THEM! (Mind you that I recommend a group of 3 or more to safely chase them away) Don't let them get up in your shit and show that bear who's boss!   A grizzly on the other hand; either hope this isn't your last hour or at least try running downhill.   Source: Working summers at a wilderness camp where we chase away black bears often. Over 30 incidents one year.
1	To get new subs you really have to play extremely awesome and be relatively funny in your commenting while people are flooding in, otherwise it's human nature to just move on quickly if they aren't captivated
1	But see that's kinda the problem, to be the top spots you need to continually prove it. You can't just win a spot and retire, in fighting sports you need to defend your title when challenged, prove that you're still the best. In this case, it's a number game, get x numbers, sit on couch.
0	I totally understand what you mean, but what most people don't understand about me is that good guy imrealhighrightnow is not really a good person deep down, i just make a conscious effort to be a better person, so if i know I'm trying and you totally disregard it then i will stoop, i'll let you know who i really am. One thing that I've learned in my twenty and some odd years on this planet is that it doesn't matter how mild mannered or nice you believe someone is being toward you, once you let them get comfortable enough they may snap and disrespect you in an instant, and drop the load from a previous encounter on you, i make a conscious effort every waking day of my life to not do this to people because i don't like it when its done to me and the one person that i never want to consider a hypocrite is myself, When something like this happens to me i immediately think to myself "Oh so you think you can be a dick and i cant, i tried really hard to be nice and now your just gonna take advantage of this fact?" and its just down hill from there "petty me" comes out and it gets ugly, but its not always an immediate thing i always give people three chances to act right before i change, unless its just a passing situation where someone idk is just being a random dick in which I just become a dick too, or a physical situation in which I've been touched inappropriately touched (hit/pushed)  by a guy  (i dont hit girls i think its cheap) , in which case the reaction is immediate and unyielding.
0	I just took the young vs old preference test and i have to say that test is biased. As you progress through the test muscle memory begins to develop with a setup were good/young & bad/old are associated. Then soon after they switch them and if it takes you any time at all to adjust to the switch then they say you have a preference to young people.
0	I used to have a haupaug ( console recording device thingy ) but decided to sell it since i never really used it anymore.   So this kid and his dad come to buy the thing from me and his dad goes to chat with my parents and i show the kid the haupaug. I show him how to connect it to his TV and his PS3 and record and shit. I even remember asking him " is this what it looks like on your TV?" To make sure they had the same in/output i had otherwise they would have to buy a HDMI cable, but the kid said it looked the same. After showing him everything i box it up for him, his dad pays me and they go home ( got something around €100 for the whole shabang)   So i go the store to buy some vidya i wanted costing around €60, so i had already spent most of the money. Later that day i get a call and it's the kid. He mumbles something and i'm like u wot m9? His dad then comes on the phone saying that thet have a different in/output on their TV and that they would have to buy a HDMI cable and that they wanted their money back.   I tell him i don't have it anymore ( at least most of it ) so even if i wanted i couldn't refund them, plus it's used i aint a store i don't have to refund nothing. After a bit of back and forth he calls me a greedy dick for not refunding them the €100 and i call him an idiot for letting his son spend €100 without checking for one second if it's the right one.
1	I was 0-4-5 Sivir (admitedly not the best score) last night. We actually won our lane. I was 30 CS ahead of graves, and BOT LANE only got 1 kill on us the entire time. All my deaths were from team fights where we got rolled under our tower coz their enemy team was fed to hell. The 9K-10D udyr tells me its my fault we lost and fed bot lane. He ignored the fact that most of my assists were just him getting the last hit on the same champ.   Completely oblivious to the fact that he and our mid fed the enemy team 20 deaths by the ~30m mark =/  that definitely wasn't why we lost. Can't damage a fed team that buys survivability.
1	Well, first off, that is your opinion, and your friend is free to disagree.   Obviously surrendering makes your chance of winning 0 but some people would just rather play another game that they have a better chance of winning.   Giving up is a bad attitude, and won't be changed anytime soon unless you can prove that you can solo-carry and make those comeback plays.
1	Meh. I wouldn't call that special treatment. They're stating facts and asking sponsors to support their team.  If they're bad, they won't get sponsored. Hell, a sponsor may not even want to sponsor them because of they're team name. However it's nice to see other gay gamers playing League who isn't Sky. (Nothing against Sky, love him!)   And honestly, if you really didn't care about their sexual orientation you wouldn't of commented about their sexual orientation and how it's "magically" getting them special treatment. Because we all know how warm and accepting the gaming community is of women and gays.
0	Violence isn't always physical.  Violence does solve problems, look at WWII.  People may not like it, and there may have been better ways, but people are going to do what they have to do, violently if needed.
1	Not an Edward fanboy, but one score doesn't really prove much,especially when considering a support player in a losing team.   I give you that his level of play is mediocre lately,indeed, but Genja doing nothing at all and Diamond picking every jungler out there while not managing to get a single lane going isn't helping.
1	I play Graves a lot, and after being yelled at constantly by my team over items, I faithfully bought IE -> PD -> LW   After lots of watching, I noticed LW third hurts Graves, and that he gains a lot of damage from BT. A lot. So I put it third.   Then in my last game, I saw my enemy carry getting a scepter and won a trade (Nunu's snowball didn't hurt). So I decided I'd switch to BT after a pickaxe.
1	You could make the same argument about Soraka heal, or Karthus ult after his death, or ...   I played denyplank several times and you could push my tower easily.  With the new 2v1 meta you would just dive denyplank since he's got no creeps anyways.
0	Something similar happened at my school with a senior cheerleader.  The junior/senior cheerleaders traveled to Hawaii for some competition.  This particular cheerleader was the captain, 18 years old (so not a child, but obviously still childish), and started hitting the bottle the moment she got to her hotel room.  Not sure how she got the booze, but as the story goes, she partied hard, and then fell off the balcony of her 18th floor hotel room.  Her body was was found naked and based on the trajectory, they ruled she fell on her own accord.  No signs of sexual assault, foul play, or drugs.  Her alcohol level upon death was like .25.   ANYWAYS.  She pretty much killed herself in her drunk stupor.  Oh man though, you couldn't even suggest that.  Nope.  People kept screaming murder and that they were not going to rest until her killer or killers or were stopped.  So many random people, including freshman who were not cheerleaders or had any association with her were asking to see counselors or crying over her.  I nearly was torn a new asshole a few times when I casually brought up her blood alcohol content.   If you think it's bad when attention whores clamor over the non-existant/bullied kid, you haven't seen crazy till until it is a cheerleader captain who killed herself (Accident or not it was her own stupidity that was her downfall).  For almost a month, she was a topic on myspace (back in the day...), in the hallways, and in classes.  Literally, one girl in my class exclaimed she couldn't take a test because of the stress it was causing her coupled with the death of her "friend."  It took a lot of control for me not to laugh.  A lot.  It was a scene almost out of a soap opera.  Best part is, this girl was not even direct friends with the dead cheerleader.  She knew her through her more social friend and occasionally was able to chat with the dead girl.  My teacher had to let her out of the test. Made me mad I didn't use that excuse.
1	Wall of useful information. Enjoy. :)   RECALLING   Choosing when to recall is very situational. The basic concept is: Will I die if I stay here? If the answer is yes, it's probably a good idea to recall. It's worth a 30 second trip back to lane versus potentially double that. Risk verse reward. Also it is a good idea to try to recall for a core purchase like Infinity's edge or an early B.F. sword. I say try because as long as you stay stronger , you can stay longer and come back with even more items instead of just buying the B.F. sword. This is just a general idea around recalling.   PUSHING MINIONS   Pushing the minion wave is a very fun tool once you learn how to command your minions. When pushing there are several reactions that can happen: Your opponent starts taking more minion damage when he trades you. Your opponents will either become more aggressive or more passive. Jungle pressure increases on your lane. Mid lane pressure becomes higher. Top lane tp ganks will become higher. (Only applies frequently in some elo's) Your opponent will lose creeps to tower. You may want to take their tower for global gold and dragon control. You may want pressure in your lane so your teammates can catch up in exp and gold.   OP SKILLZ   A great skill to master after knowing when to push is: CS'ing while pushing. Doing this strategy will cause the opponent to lose CS by forcing him to race you or losing his minions to tower. The enemy team can also turn and fight you if they want so be careful. This only works on passive or weaker lanes, unless you are certain that you can outplay your enemies. (Outplaying your enemies means that you are stronger in the current moment; higher value items in terms of stats and effects, break point levels like 6, 11, 16, your own jungler presence (situational), summoner spells on yourself and your opponent, knowing where your jungler and mid are as well as your top lane, knowing where the enemy players are with wards and such, and much more.)   TRADING EFFECTIVELY   Ok first of all, you should just focus on being able to cs and not get out traded. To poke efficiently, you want to watch your own minions life. Because the enemy adc will auto attack a minion when it gets low, so you know when and where he will stand to shoot it. Kind of like you would predit what he would do based on what you would do if you were him. When he CS's, auto him and back up. You are backing up because you dont want him to hit you after you got a free shot off on him because he CS'd. Also you want to back up after hitting him to reset minion aggro off of you. This will save you a lot of health in the long run. There are a few things to consider when choosing one of these trades; How is he reacting to me before CS'ing, how strong item wise is he, where is his support, where is my support, etc.   PHANTOM VS SHIV   There are so many different ways to justify each of these items but mostly it comes down to personal preference. Static shiv is used primarily to push waves, clear jungle a bit faster and poking with shiv procs. Phantom dancer is used for quick auto's and taking objectives quickly. Both are arguably equally useful in team fights.   RUNES, MASTERIES, AND MUCH MORE   For runes and masteries, I would find out what Gosu uses and copy him. (Sorry to busy with writing this heap of literacy to be bothered to look them up. ;)) For item builds, always build the same 5 items every game. The 6th item can be bought whenever you want and it is a situational item.   CONCLUSION /
1	Really ?  No
1	The truth is tho they are not adults. Legally most of them are adults but seriously not a single pro player has kids or a mortgage or has to balance a serious budget. Most of them are 1 or 2 years out of high school. All this kind of drama and craziness happens in college too but there they don't have millions of people watching them do it. It's not just league many mainstream sports figures have the same issues when they get into the pros. Randy moss Ryan leaf Alex Rodriguez Dennis Rodman I mean the list goes on and on. These problems while embarrassing for everyone involved and funny to most everyone else not involved are not really problems. They get paid to catch a ball or in this case click a mouse well.
1	It's both. You can't deny that he has come up with clever strategies, some of which abuse game mechanics to get advantages. But i also agree with you that his record breaking in WoW would not have been possible without a lot of support from fans etc. But then again, games like WoW are team games, so all achievements are team related.
1	Yup look at Lee sin.  His win rate is directly tied to the Elo of the person playing him.  Minus Challengers small player base and huge % influx day to day it pretty much goes straight up like an arrow from bronze - diamond.
1	I see one major flaw in you suggestion and that is that champions that champions with an inherently "stronger" kit would just kill everything.  For example kassadin he is a problem because he has a low cd dmg flash while being tanky as fuck. If you were to add diminishing ratios he would outclass all champions in the game by a big margin since he doesn´t need alot of dmg items to be strong and could build rather tanky.  So this change would end up bringing the champions to the most strenght that have the "best" kit those that exel in Mobility and utility aspects(range, stealth machanics, invulnaribility etc.)  also not adding a diminishing scaling to all chmaps would to the same just reversed since the few champs that would have diminishing scalings would be inherently worse then those who don´t.
0	Hence the term
1	I'm only a silver player, but I have some advice that should help.   One of the most frustrating things about starting LoL was learning about champions/skills/items/etc.  I had the luxury of starting the game when it was semi-young and didn't have to deal with over 100 different champions right off the bat.  I noticed once I started playing other champions at least three or four times I got a better idea of what their strengths and weaknesses were.  So during free weeks try new champions you have never played before, even if it's just co-op vs AI and learn those strengths/weaknesses.   Solomid.net is a great place for champion guides so when starting a new champion take a look at their featured and approved guides for, well, guidance. NEVER blindly build what the guide says.  If it says get a randuins omen and the enemy is mostly magic damage you're better off getting a Runic bulwark/banshee veil/spirit visage/etc.  Knowing what to build and when is something that comes with a lot of games played and is in my opinion what really sperates great players from good players; the ability to make on the fly decisions like that.   Also, getting kills is fun, but remember this is a game of gaining objectives and ultimately destroying the enemy nexus.  Work to get objectives and gain a lead, that will work toward kills in the long run and bring you closer to victory.   I would add more, but am doing this all by cellphone so sorry for any formatting/grammatical errors.
1	Building only wards, Sightstone, boots, etc on a support is very tricky in solo queue. By doing this, you are entrusting other builds/auras to other members of your team (i.e., you're practically assuming that another teammate will build an item like Aegis or Locket, when, unbeknownst to you, they were assuming you would build one or both). Of course, communication - asking them what they plan to build, and if you should build XYZ item(s) - could remedy this.   That said, if you buy one or two GP10 items, you generate quite a bit of gold for just wards. In low-to-average ELO play you don't really need to ward EVERY single thing in plenty of games, compared to the pros, nor do you have the coordination to capitalize on spotting someone in certain ward locations. However, one could argue that by forsaking wards for actual items you're underestimating your team's map awareness or ability to capitalize on enemy mistakes. By building nothing but wards you take the risk of wasting money on a team with little to no map awareness, or being able to capitalize on displacement of enemies, but this is another situation that is remedied in part by communication and pings. It's a choice you make when you Back and decide if you wanna spend that nice picket change on vision or, say, that shiny Emblem of Valor.   If you choose to build items and not have as many wards, you risk not having enough wards when it's time to do Dragon/Baron and lose out on vision and objective security. This is solo queue, so let's face it, you're likely to be the only one buying wards as the support, unless you urge your teammates to get them, too (and more often than not in my experience, they won't oblige anyways).   All I can say is that I always make sure to keep one slot with 3-5 greens, and one slot with 3-5 pinks, on top of my Philo Stone and/or Kages, and boots. If I'm particularly ahead I'll usually build spooky ghosts, Shard, or Shurelya's - an item that will benefit the team as a whole. Every time I Back, I always buy wards FIRST, then whatever's left can go into building.   Lastly, keep in mind that these pros are in premade groups that play together on a daily basis. If you want a better suggestion on what to build as a support in solo queue, try watching a pro support player's stream for some help or advice or look up guides on LoLKing or SoloMid. c:
1	HE WAS GIVEN THE ULTIMATUM. EITHER BACKDOOR NEXUSES OR BACKDOOR SJOKZ, TEEMO LORD SATAN ONLY GAVE HIM ONE CHOICE!
1	Hijacking top comment here to give a suggestion of my own:  I like the 5IP/Honour idea ,  however  at this current rate, it can  easily be abused  to give the user  45IP  per game just by spamming honour.  My suggestion : Let's combine your MVP idea with my own, and make it so that  every user  is allowed to distribute  1 honour per game . The player that receives the  most honour  is classified as the  MVP . This way, players only earn 5IP a game which is a non-abusable amount IMO, and there will be a fair and just way to dictate who the MVP is. Several notes to make on this system:     It should only be used in Solo Queue Ranked . And honour distribution should be disabled for Duo Queue and Team Ranked.  Reason? Abuse . In Normals I don't think people should have an MVP system as it would encourage people to always win and never try out new and exciting combinations (Plus it's a normal I don't an MVP is necessary there anyway).     This system can allow RIOT to change the Ribbon Thresholds . With this new system,  honour will be earned  and hard to earn as well. With only 1 honour allowed per game, you can  let the threshold for a Ribbon be an exact number   E.G   Reach 50 Teamwork honours to obtain a green ribbon.  or a number that can be realistically obtained in a Season.
0	Have a go at the computer angle - Fifa or Pro Evolution Soccer ;) Seriously now, you can try engaging people on the topics you are passionate about, if they respond, great - if they're not interested then don't beat yourself up about not being interested in their chats yourself. Seriously, you don't have to be the life of a party (or office). It is NOT a requirement for winning at life or having fun. Especially if you don't get to choose people you will be spending time with. Be yourself and whatever social awkwardness happens, you won't remember it in 5 years (unless you bring an AK to the office one day...).
0	The first thing for you to understand is that in this place there are no martyrdoms. You have read of the religious persecutions of the past. In the Middle Ages there was the Inquisitlon. It was a failure. It set out to eradicate heresy, and ended by perpetuating it. For every heretic it burned at the stake, thousands of others rose up. Why was that? Because the Inquisition killed its enemies in the open, and killed them while they were still unrepentant: in fact, it killed them because they were unrepentant. Men were dying because they would not abandon their true beliefs. Naturally all the glory belonged to the victim and all the shame to the Inquisitor who burned him. Later, in the twentieth century, there were the totalitarians, as they were called. There were the German Nazis and the Russian Communists. The Russians persecuted heresy more cruelly than the Inquisition had done. And they imagined that they had learned from the mistakes of the past; they knew, at any rate, that one must not make martyrs. Before they exposed their victims to public trial, they deliberately set themselves to destroy their dignity. They wore them down by torture and solitude until they were despicable, cringing wretches, confessing whatever was put into their mouths, covering themselves with abuse, accusing and sheltering behind one another, whimpering for mercy. And yet after only a few years the same thing had happened over again. The dead men had become martyrs and their degradation was forgotten. Once again, why was it? In the first place, because the confessions that they had made were obviously extorted and untrue. We do not make mistakes of that kind. All the confessions that are uttered here are true. We make them true. And above all we do not allow the dead to rise up against us. You must stop imagining that posterity will vindicate you, Winston. Posterity will never hear of you. You will be lifted clean out from the stream of history. We shall turn you into gas and pour you into the stratosphere. Nothing will remain of you, not a name in a register, not a memory in a living brain. You will be annihilated in the past as well as in the future. You will never have existed."     George Orwell, "1984"
0	Typically when people donate, they tend to care more what it's for then who is getting it and the whole logistics of how much is actually a donation towards that goal.   People won't actually think that these charities don't send ALL of their donations to fund that specific cause, and thus when it all comes down to it, if you want to donate you'll generally pick the first big established name in the charity game, and for Breast Cancer that's Susan B. Komen.
1	Personally when I used to play a lot more and found it very enjoyable was in S3.  The champion pool was very diversified and what it took to improve your game.  The trinkets I didn't like.  I find it to be a way for the riot to help or make a fix for lazy players.  Prior to League I was very into the Starcraft scene and played a lot of ranked SC2.  To get better and to get the win you cannot be lazy.  Find out what they're building, how can I counter or put myself in a better position that my enemy.  How do I deserve my wins?  Simple, you have to conform to the rules of the game and use the tools within the game to best your opponent.  Sometimes it required you harass the hell out of them to buy time even if it required more work.  Be tenacious in your game.   What I'm trying to say is this.  If your team doesn't buy wards or place them should expect to lose if you don't have a gold lead already.  Those who are more tenacious to help their team with not just winning their lanes but with vision and map control.  The trinkets and ward limitations just seems like an easy way to put a plug on those who complain about not having their allies ward.  Even now warding hasn't gotten any better.  I'd rather the game force the player to fix what's wrong with their play than being given an annoying handout.
1	The point you're missing however is that your MMR is artificially elevated in promos, especially those for higher tiers.  Meaning that holding a 50% or even 51% win rate in your games currently does not mean that that rate continues in promos.  And you're also assuming that matchmaking doesn't screw up and put people way above your MMR in your group because the queue time goes long enough that it gives you a sub-par match.  And if matchmaking screws up AND you're matched against a duo of two higher players your chances of winning are drastically reduced.
1	As a main adc (but i support sometimes) I would say that often I believe supports are the ones who get recognition and the least blame when the game is going bad.  I rarely get mad at my support and it is only when supports are playing really bad by not warding or just positioning really really bad.   Most of the time though when team fights go wrong ADCs and AP mids are blamed. supports often ask- why you focusing tanks?? or why were you farming and not in teamfights? ADCs rarely get the benefit of the doubt when it seems they were focusing the rong people. Whenever they lose out in the laning phase its, GG WP ADC sucks. Really rarely do i get a support who gives me the benefit of the doubt. What supports do things like criticise their adc it just makes them play worst.
1	MY THOUGHTS ON WARWICK   Problems:     The biggest problem is a lack of utility when it comes to ganking. He basically doesn't come out of the jungle before 6. (Hi Shyvana, you got company.) Lanes are already decided by then.     He doesn't clear the jungle super fast so he isn't a good jungle farmer (Bye Shyvana)     Other champions pull off what he does better... he is like the illegitimate child of Rengar and Atrox... a little bit of both  but lacking any CC (in other words he fails to set himself apart has having something special)     The tracking has no counterplay other than healing, and the toggle isn't that cool.       Goals:     Give Warwick something to set him apart from Rengar and Atrox.       Rengar is a hunter that leaps on his prey... Atrox sustains through last hitting... I see Warwick as the champion that just doesn't stop hunting you until one of you is dead.          I recommend a passive that makes all opponents leave a visible scent trail behind them (even invisible champions). It could only be visible to Warwick and a debuff icon could be shown to the enemy. The length of the trail could increase as the game goes on, so that he could track enemies for a longer time... perhaps you could give it an area of effect that increases throughout the game too. This would work out well because the counter is you could lead him into a bush where he gets ambushed... but from his perspective he could hunt down anyone if he moved fast enough.       Make ganking easier       Perhaps one of his spells lets him move significantly faster on "the trail"... so if the enemy flashes or uses an ability that does the same the trail is broken and it slows him up       I reference Killer Instinct.       You would rip into your opponent as the wolf type character with two buttons alternating between the two like they were claws and moving faster between them until suddenly you ripped him to shreds and sent him flying... I'd be fine with an ultimate that was triggered by alternating between two spells. <shrugs> So that there was a panic in the enemy to get away or stop you and a heart rushing push by you to trigger it as Warwick.       In the movies you have everyone running in terror from the relentless pursuit of the werewolf. He moves fast and to the ground leaping only at the end to finish off the victim. Perhaps he has an ability that lets him run on all four really fast and leap at the last second if he is on the trail.
1	I disagree, in a sense. They should not scale badly just because of a currently-optimal playstyle, but they should contribute.   There is no such thing as a pure support, only a high-utility champion that happens to synergize with others.
1	I made a similar post. Was the first post I made actually. I watched one video called "Why elo hell doesn't exist" and in that video it said "there was a pro DOTA player that said 'I was actually really bad 3 months ago. So one day after I lost a match I said to myself. "I suck in this area this area and this area" I then proceeded to move up in ranking." Now I know why you may think it exists but it honestly doesn't. I have a current elo of 897 and currently bringing it higher.
0	Some of the most creative ideas seem obvious in retrospect.  The difference in people who got rich and people who say, "I could've thought of that" is people who thought of it and executed  first .  The most creative person in the world isn't worth a shit if they can't come up with, and execute on, their ideas quickly.  Stop bitching because you think you're more creative.  Start being  as  creative  faster , or get used to thinking, "I could've done that, but I didn't, because my brain is slower, and / or I'm too scared to execute."
1	Well, the last 2 games Aphro performed like utter shit and I say this as a fan. He fed first blood in the last game and threw laning phase in the game before and even a few games before that he made some really nasty mistakes. He doesn't get much criticism cause people like him too much (myself included).  He needs to get his shit together, so far he's only been good on Lulu.   Doublelift actually did show good resulsts, he managed to outcs a 3/0 Draven as Ezreal and kept up with him. Vs Qtpie, it was Ezreal vs Cait, qtpie started with red elixir + health pots and Double started with Dorans blade. He outcsed her, I don't even know how thats possible. I think people don't realize that the support + jungle + rest of the team is holding Doublelift back, I don't like when people imply Doublelift has got worse, he really didn't.   Chauster is a smart player but a horrible jungler, he alway said it's his least favorite role, so I don't know, he's performing really bad.   Link is great in lane, farms well, trades well but he doesn't roam at all and teamfights he's mediocre.   Hotshot has the same problems as always, he tunnels on Malphite + Cho  and gets SMASHED in lane because those heroes can't really pressure anything. He should try to play Jax, he used to carry an entire tournament with him... good old times. At least he's trying to change his pool by practising Renekton + Karthus.   They either have to get their shit together, or bring back Jiji mid, Link jungle and Chauster top. This would improve their top lane A FUCKING LOT and their mid too! And their jungle would be on equal level still.  Best choice imo.
0	After a certain age (say, 3), yes.  Before that, no.  What you have there is not a trainable, rational person.  Base, completely dependent survival instinct is all they know.  Ignoring a squalling infant is completely useless.  Babies cry when they feel like they need something.  Sometimes, it's just that they want to be held.  Guess what, Mom Of The Year!  You were mature enough to believe your contribution to the Human Race was worth making.  So it's worth your attention.  Your life is no longer your own.  If you thought it would be, you're wrong.  You now have a responsibility to that kid, and to the rest of Humanity, to raise it to be a contributing member of society.  That starts as soon as the stick turns blue, and ends when one of you is dead.
1	Note that Corki did get released first. But the idea for a hero was recommended on the dota forums from a random guy well before LoL or DotA made their respective heroes. Technically both LoL and DotA just took a hero idea someone posted on the playdota forums and then fit it into their respective game.   This whole Corki vs Gyro argument is so old.
1	You described in your thread how it can be exploited.   Imagine, by any chance, you have 2 players A and B in your friendlist who are playing vs each other then you could spectate A to help B.   This is more likely to happen in higher elo but can also happen in lower elo.   Imagine a streamer playing and you see he plays vs a friend you like to troll. Then you can spectate him and tell the streamer where the jungler ganks etc.   It is also very likely that 3rd party programs will find a way to exploit it so that everyone can be spectated in real time.
1	I never understood this. People immigrate,  and anyone who thinks that a Chinese team or Korean can go to a different country and maintain the style they did in their homes is naive. Korean gaming is what it is because of the infrastructure in Korea. They have in house sister teams to scrim against constantly and play against the set Korean meta, when lmq did well with their usual Chinese aggression in NA it was fine. When people started to check them for it and they started faltering they switched to a more burst style of aggression instead.  They're adapting to where they are and becoming the best there, what difference does it make where they came from? Every country is a country of immigrants in one way or another.
0	The unfortunate fact of the matter is that being a teacher is a highly desirable job, which is why they are payed so little. It's simple economics: The supply is way bigger than the demand, so the cost goes down.   The military, on the other hand, does not have gobs of recruits looking for a few openings. So recruits are actively sought after, and they do not even have the benefit (many times) of increased wages due to a high-demand position. Throw in the fact that they're constantly at risk of death, and I simply don't see how you can't be thankful. Even if they were idiots in high school, that doesn't make the risk any less possible. Personally, it's the huge risk for (arguably) our nation's benifit that makes me respect and support them. Which is why I support and respect firefighters and police officers just as much.   Also, many teachers in low income areas are paid waaay more than the ones in suburbia, at least in my state.
0	My SO's Father wanted to return a faucet my SO got him for Christmas over the weekend. The faucet was bought with his credit card so he needed it from my SO to get the refund. (Can't you just exchange the facet for another and not need the credit card?)   We were literally walking out the door to go to a restaurant when he called. He told him where we were going and said he'd give him the credit card if he met him at the restaurant. But his Dad was still was super bitchy about it and kept insisting my SO should drop everything he's doing and come deliver the credit card to him. He still ended up coming to get the card from him at the restaurant but was pissy as hell about it.   My SO is 32 and his father/family is constantly pulling this type of shit. Another day recently while he was at work they called him and demanded he help move a futon right then even though he kept telling them he was  working  and couldn't.   No matter what he's doing they expect him stop whatever it is and do what they need to do right that second. If he says I'm busy but I can help in an hour or something they bitch and moan until he gives in. He has a massive guilt complex and I keep telling him he's too kind and just needs to say no to them. I worry about if/when we have kids...
1	I do agree that jungle timers are very tedious and aren't very hard to keep a track of, but it is a skill, and its a skill that's being taken away, making it harder for junglers to carry.   People say it'll lead to more fights over objectives since teams will know when buffs spawn, but I don't see any reason why this would be good for anyone who isn't a bad jungler. If the other jungler doesn't know how to time buffs, right now, you can basically get control of the jungle for free since their jungler doesn't alert his team of important objectives, with timers, him and his team will always be aware of these objectives so its harder for a good jungler to maintain their control.   An extreme example would be, if minions always gave gold when they die near you, it takes some skill out of the game, but makes it more interesting not having farmfests.
1	For every spinning axe and critical strike he hit on an enemy target, they would receive a stack of bleed (much like Darius), stacking indefinitely if I remember correctly.
0	My brother and his wife gave their son the talk but it didn't do any good.   He acted "innocent and naive" all while having unprotected sex w/his gf. At the time he was 17 and she was 15.   Now they're a year older and have a child on the way- neither one need this. Who is footing the bill? Parents. I'm just pissed because they considered themselves married and didn't need to worry about pregnancy after dating for 3/mo.   So unfortunately I now have a grand-nephew on the way in October. Fabulous.
0	Sorry to hear that, but you're in the VAAAAAAAAAAAAST minority.  My sister is DEATHLY allergic to peanuts.  She will LITERALLY die if she were to eat a handful of them....yet she doesn't go around telling people not to.  Every person will react to everything differently.   Hell, people have died because they were allergic to penicillin, yet it's saved MILLIONS of lives!   Not only that, but EVERYTHING in life has risk associated with it.  Hell, I take a risk every time I cross the street to go to work!  I take a risk that people will obey the rules of the road and not be texting on their phones and blow through the stoplight and kill me.   There's a 1 in 177 chance that you will die in a car crash in your lifetime, yet you (in general, not you specifically) will still get in your car and drive almost every day.
1	Almost any champion or set of champions on an enemy team should affect your playstyle a bit. The problem with perma-stealth is they cost everyone on the team so much (assuming the enemy has Eve/Twitch) in terms of money and potential kills/farm/xp- can basically force you into playing a passive lane.   If you want to be safe from perma-stealth you have to buy multiple pink wards. Against a standard jungler as a mid champ you can get away with 1 ward most of the time especially if bot lane have warded as well. A jungler can't get to that side of you without being seen, so you stay closer to that side of the lane and can watch for vision of them coming out of any of the exits on the other side. A perma-stealth champion can go anywhere there isn't a pink ward unseen. They can stealth straight down the lane, or go through a different jungle entrance and gank with no warning that way. Even with no wards, against non-stealth the few hundred range vision warning you get on an enemy jungler is huge. That can (and frequently is) all you need to escape, or they blow several summoners to kill you. A perma-stealth jungler can kill or cripple you (blow your summoners) with little cost to themselves. Pre-nerf Eve with her stun was almost certainly a kill to the mid of whichever team had her. Yes, she faded away mid/late game, but people frequently don't want to or aren't able to play defensively enough to drag it out that late.   The counter-junglers you mention as affecting playstyle, should affect who your team picks to jungle (a strong duelist, equally fast clearer or someone with lots of cc), as well as making sure everybody is more aware than ever of if jungler needs their assistance in their jungle. As an extreme measure 4 wards can prevent counter jungling (1 for each river entrance) but they don't really need to be kept up all the time. Realistically the times/places you would ward to prevent counter-jungling are shortly before your buffs spawn. Against a stealth champion you must maintain 6 pink wards all the time to prevent them getting through (and some better stealth players like to buy an early oracles so this wouldn't be possible even if it were affordable/practical).   Shaco and Lee have strong early ganks but do give warning and are not moving around the jungle being invisible so wards do still work against them. Lee can avoid wards but at the cost of somebody being in position to help him jump or a ward of his own. Shaco can do the same, but it requires that he knows where the ward is and times/judges the distance correctly, or his smoke puff can still be seen. Lee is visible as he comes into a lane so you have an opportunity to dodge his Q or flash if he lands it. Shaco's ganks are arguably stronger and harder to deal with but he is more vulnerable to level 1 jungle invades messing with his boxes. Perma-stealth champions aren't so vulnerable to counter invades because you do not know for sure where they are (or aren't).
0	In many states, it's actually legal to pay a server less than minimum wage (which, by itself, is still not a living wage anywhere in America) if they're earning tips.  This means that, in a place where the living wage could be as much as 9 or 10 dollars an hour, a server could be making 2 or 3.  If they don't earn tips, they don't make rent.  As far as I know, this is the only non-commission job where this is legal.   And waiting tables is a hard job.  Obviously you've never done it, or you might understand that.  People at restaurants can be huge assholes, and because a server's wage depends on them being nice, they have to put up with it.  The worst part is that people know that, and will make your life miserable just because they know they can.   Suggesting that people get a new job is also just about the stupidest thing you could even say in this conversation.  Are you saying that if "entitlement-minded assholes" all quit their jobs as servers they'd magically be able to get a job that pays better and wouldn't make them depend upon the kindness of others to pay their bills?  Have you been unemployed recently?  There are a ton of people unemployed right now who have a ton of skills, so for someone whose only skill is customer service, it's a very tough job market.
1	Any competitive team would jump on the opportunity to scrim with one of the best teams in the world.   Unless you are one of the other best teams in the world and you're trying to beat CLG in a tournament and don't want to give them free practice.   Like I said, a team like Team Liquid, OGODBEARS, Unrestriced, DAO, etc. I'm sure would love to practice against CLG but CLG can stomp them and they don't really gain anything from playing them.   It would be good practice for CLG to practice against EG or TSM but why would either of those teams want to help their rival before a tournament? They don't. And so they don't scrim against them.   Picture this:   CLG: "Hey TSM & EG, will you scrim with us? We could really use the practice so we can beat you at Dreamhack."   TSM & EG: "Umm...no? We'd rather practice together so we can beat you. Thanks though."
0	Last I heard, I think she married the guy.   oh this reminds me of the part I left out of my own woeful tale.  She dumped me for this guy, and about three weeks later I checked her facebook (something I'm proud to say I've discontinued) and saw that they were engaged.  Crushing?  Not nearly as much as this next part:  facebook lets you set the date of the engagement.  It was set ten days before she dumped me.  Nice little added fuck you, I guess.   You have my sympathies, and I appreciate your having posted this.  Pain shared is pain lessened, I think they say?  Hope you're doing okay.  This whole thing might be the single most difficult thing I've ever had to get through;  I lost all my (our, or rather, her) friends, and am basically agoraphobic by default now due to fear of running into her.  We shared a lot of similar interests, unfortunately.  She got to keep those, too.
0	I see it's been answered, but what I don't see is that the end of this tube is a string, that hangs out the end of your dick. Even the slightest of breezes is really uncomfortable.   When you're all healed, you tug on that fucker to get the stent out. In most cases you don't need a urologist to do it, and it can be done yourself. Pulling it out really isn't bad once it gets moving, but building up the balls to tug on a string hanging out of your dick is certainly unnerving (it took me an hour to suck it up and do it). Then you get to experience random bouts of renal colic for a few days after it comes out. It's a lovely experience let me tell you.
0	This is the girl I lost my virginity to despite the fact that I've not seen in her 15 years. She's kicking around the same six blocks she grew up in, dating what amounts to the same guy over and over again (think small town barflies). The guy she's been dating on and off again is extremely jealous of me because I've slept with her and I'm doing well in life, fairly attractive (I'm not beating girls off with a stick or anything, but I'm not some hideous troll living under a bridge...which is ironic now that I think about it b/c he was homeless for a while and living under a bridge), have traveled extensively and lived in some amazing places in the US with a really good life. The pattern is the same, she gets single and friend requests me, I accept b/c I genuinely like talking to her; we chat and flirt a little for a while; she starts dating him and then I notice I haven't talked to her in a few weeks and she's unfriended me; a month goes by, there's another friend request from her; rinse, lather and repeat. I don't particularly care either way, I find it amusing (and a pretty big ego stroke) that some guy I've never met is so jealous of me that he makes a girl I haven't seen in a decade and a half unfriend me b/c he's worried I'm going to come back and steal her.
0	I'm a horrible communicator, for various reasons. I'm a guy and my natural tendency is to bottle things up (can't show weakness, blah blah blah). In addition to that, with my girlfriend in particular, I try not to tell her when she's annoying me/I'm upset with her because she's not usually the problem. It's just that sometimes ordinary things upset me when I'm in a funk or whatever. What generally happens is eventually I have a mini-meltdown (after acting weird for awhile and she knows something's bothering me) and eventually she gets me to talk and without changing ANYTHING else, the fact that she's willing to listen to me, my crazy behavior, and tell me she loves me and everything, makes it better. Every time without fail.   Just this past weekend, we went to a graduation. We're in college but some younger friends were graduating from highschool. She didn't tell me that her friend had asked her to take pictures of everything so I went there expecting to sit with my girlfriend and enjoy the ceremony and everything. I got there a bit early to save seats and everything. Instead what happened is I sat alone while she was off being the photographer.   Now that's all fine, nothing wrong actually happened. I just don't always handle unexpected plan changes very well and I wasn't in a good mood. So I ended up stupidly upset with her the whole night until we had a chance to talk about it.   None of you needed to hear all of that, so
0	A year or so ago during the flooding in NY I was driving home from school and came to a depression that often floods. A sheriff was parked in front of it turning people around. At the time i was driving a F-350 with a vertical exhaust and I knew the road and that I could easily make it though the water I stopped and asked if the deputy would move his car so I could go though. He said sure and moved out of the way.   I carefully made my way across and just as I was about to reach the far side I hear the sirens go on the police car. I look back just in time to see a Grand Caravan plow into the water at about 30 mph get about 2 yards in and just stop.   I stuck around to help the passengers, a woman and her two kids get to "dry" ground. The very first question the deputy asked her was "What the hell where you thinking?" Her response was to point at me and say "Well he made it though just fine!". She then turned to me and asked me if I could tow her van out of the water so she could get home. I told her there was little point because she had flooded the engine and it would take more than dragging it out of the water to get it running again, and I was not a tow company and did not have insurance.   I left after that.
1	Honestly, I find it hard to pin point issues for Gambit Gaming. It's like they have dominant periods and then fall off to mid tier, then come back.   Also pretty hard to pin point actual weak points in the team. If I had to say I might point at Edward and Genja's builds. Now I don't think that Gambit should get rid of Edward because their chemistry with him as opposed to basically any other support will not be topped. He needs to pick his game up though, especially his decision making it seems.   Alex is consistent yes and absolutely fantastic on the champions he mains. I.e. Kha'Zix, Orianna, Zed, Kayle etc. I think his main champion is something like AD assassins and traditional mages and he excels on them.   From what I've seen, it's the early game for Gambit which is currently lacking. I think Diamond needs to change his jungling style to how he used to be. He needs to turn away from the Meteos route and go to gank heavy high pressure jungling. He was known to be a fantastic counter jungler, let's see him return to that. I think if he changes it up, it'll bring Gambit's early game play to a much more solid level where they can win some lanes and transition much more easily into their strong mid game where they team fight.   Also, I'm not sure if their second game with KTB was indicative of this but it seemed like they had some vision problems. Not warding their own jungle or their jungle entrances? Actually they must not have had much vision at all if KTB managed to sneak without being seen to their mid brush while Gambit was sieging top. So maybe vision is another thing which they need to work on.   One thing that I can see as a positive for Gambit is the rise of Ryze (heh, I'm witty). Back before Kha'Zix, Alex used to say his favourite champion was Ryze and with his return to mid and top lane we could see another strong pick for Gambit.
0	No. What you do is go outside and interact with other humans.   I bet you think you're introverted and you blame that. It's probably not true.
1	Heimerdinger's lack of escape can be countered by taking Ghost and Flash.   I play a lot of heimerdinger on dominion where he actually works. All he really needs is for his W to prioritize Champions and his turrets to scale on Heimers Health and I'll gladly take him into Summoners Rift.
1	I wish every team acted like Cloud 9   No you don't.   You may think you do- but you don't.  You know why the WWE succeeds?  Believe it or not, it's not because wrestling as a sport is so great.  One word:   drama .  The professional league of legends scene wouldn't be nearly as entertaining or compelling absent the TSM/CLG drama and the EU vs NA arguments.   Even negativity can provide huge entertainment value in some circumstances, and this should never be discounted.  E-sports is in it's absolute infantile stages, and it needs every source of entertainment it can get, including rivalries and drama.  You think Yankees vs RedSox games would still cost DOUBLE if they were ultra mature and respectful to eachother?   If every team was quiet and out of the spotlight like C9, I doubt I'd be as remotely into the playoffs as I am now.
1	Yeah.. it is.   I despise playing ADC because I support main and I know that I'll be paired with some horrorshow Leona or Morgana. I'll be sitting in lane trying to CS but I won't be able to concentrate because I'll be thinking "That's not how you play Leona! Don't start with a coin, you fool! What are you building? Your runes and masteries are abominable. Is there some reasoning behind your runes? Are they completely random? Ok. This is beyond my comprehension. Ward this bush! Not that bush!" all the while.
0	I've been having a similar discussion with a friend of mine today.  She was telling me all about how much she "suffered" and how "ubelievably tough" it was to get her Master's degree.  In a liberal art.  In 12 years, all while having school paid for and being supported by her parents (which didn't stop her from taking out HUGE student loans just so she could dress fashionably and party nightly).   She claimed we could never understand each other, since she had never joined the military and I'd never been to college.  I reminded her that I am a college student, currently working toward my own Master's degree in between combat tours, all while paying my bills, supporting my own family, and having less debt than she has but owning things like a house and a couple cars.   The point is this: College can't possibly be that difficult, if active duty folks like myself can do it IN OUR SPARE TIME.  Quit whining.
0	Here is the text from this meme pic for anybody who needs it:   >Title: Needless to say no one understood me...   >  TEACHER ASKS ABOUT BOOK ASSIGNMENT  >  SAYS
1	This is ridiculous. This is a  TEAM  game. It shouldn't be "oh randomizer lets me pick first I'll do whatever the fuck I want" it should be "oh I'm matched with 4 people we should collaborate and figure out who would fit each position well". I'm tired of either side of the argument. Instead of crying about how you're first pick or trying to call a position how bout you act like this isn't a single player game and  COMMUNICATE .   And if you are first pick, please stop banning the fotm champions or the specific counters to  your  one champion so the rest of the team doesn't have to suffer a kassadin leblanc morgana ban because you want to play annie mid. Riot  should  split banning power among the group as a vote system or something instead of having "player 1" choose 3 bans and then the team's mid or top so that the rest of us get fucked over by mid that gets counterpicked and three useless bans.
0	I love sushi. X Japan is one of my favorite bands. I have fond childhood memories of Dragon Ball and Gundam, and I think Miyazaki films are pretty rad. I am also sure there are tons of animes that are pretty cool.   That being said, a lot of the stuff my sister and friends like are just bizarre to me. I just don't get it and think a lot of it sucks. The weird fan service things, the cornie cliches a lot of animes have, the high school stuff, and even a lot of the more common art styles. It just doesn't click with me. A lot of the fan culture throws me off too. That is totally just my opinion, though. Lots of my friends think I'm a dope for liking bands like Led Zeppelin and GNR, its just we all have different interests and that is ok.
0	First off, this all happened two decades ago. Back then the closest thing most of us mere mortals could get to "internet" was a very unruly 32-modem BBS. As far as getting off the streets goes, I guess I eventually got tired of all the hardships one must ensure to have that level of freedom, so I cleaned up, stayed in a shelter until I got some menial but steady job, used that to rent a room from somebody, and then kind of went from there.   Most of the people I spent time around on the streets had serious mental health or substance abuse problems which hindered both their desire and ability to find a way off the streets. I didn't have anything like that going on, just a dumb kid trying to live by some romantic ideal of the road less traveled or whatever, so the transition wasn't hard.
1	I didn't float around I went on a 13 win streak in  gold 1 into plat promo  went 1-3, won again went 2-3, won again went 3-0. And i'm not sure what your post is about anyway I
1	Well, or just abuse op champs. Got from silver I to plat V in about 2 weeks because of my favorite Pony Hecarim. Flame or no flame, people will feed, therefore u "only" need to carry. If you are way better than the others with your best champs in your current elo, which need to be strong in the current patch as well, you will carry so many games that you don't need to worry about those flamers and feeders.
0	My level of respect, in an increasing order: Doctor, Fireman, Soldier. The doctor may save lives daily, but at the end of the day, he goes home to a nice house to sleep. The fireman, being the first in my list to actually be putting his "life on the line" deserves respect on par with a Police officer. He or she will most likely return home at the end of the day. The soldier deserves the utmost respect. Not only does he combine ALL of the aspects that earn each of these characters their individual respect, but he calls a foreign land, in barracks, if he is lucky enough to get through the day. This is the ultimate sacrifice, willing to give up most luxuries and safeties of his homeland, to fight his country's battle half way across the world. Without the soldier, there would be no fireman, there would be no medic.
1	ga. ren. period. you see akali first pick? laugh at the retard and pick garen and bully her ass to no end. get magic resist blues (this is probably the most important part about laning against her, having runes that counter her) and go to town on her squishy ass. If you don't like garen, just dont feed her kills. She doesn't scale THAT well off of just farm, and as long as you can prevent her from becoming godlike in mid game (which is where she's strongest) she is going to drop off sooo much late. If an akali has less than 5 kills in a game, theres a 90% chance she's lost that game. If she's denying you farm, again get some magres runes and if all else fails just let her farm and do your farming under the turret. Be sure to trade with her though, you might say she's constantly outharassing you because you don't punish her for getting close to you when she q's you. Sure her q does a lot of damage but you'd be surprised at how much damage you can put on her if you dont just run away scared as soon as she lands an auto attack on you. She has a very small amount of spell vamp early so she wont be able to heal up that well; as long as you take boots and 3xpots like all akalis do, you will likely stay at the same health as her.
1	Counter jungling is bad for the game.   Don't get me worng, counter jungling is  actually  a very vital part of the game and a good way to disrupt the enemy jungler, but with the community league has right now it is downright bad for the game.   For example, I played a game a week or so ago where I was jungling. Obviously I got counter jungled and thought "Meh, just got to ward my jungle then." and started doing just that. Then I saw the enemy jungler at my blue and pinged multiple times for both top and mid to help. No response at all.   Then my mid asks "Can I have blue?" and I explain that it was stolen. Apparently that is a reportable offense and the guy raged at me. Told him to help me get rid of the enemy jungler if he wanted to get any buffs at all.   Bot starts crying for no ganks. Well, I can't gank when I'm two levels behind everyone else. So obviously I get reported for that too.   Top tells me to sell my skin.
1	probably gunna get buried at this point but i used to be 800 elo (didn't really try and played champs for the first time in ranked, i know, im sorry about that) and one day i decided i had had enough and wanted to see how high i could get (elo not smoking). Long story short it was smooth sailing until i hit ~1200. WORST ELO EVER. literally trolls in every game. People new to ranked just play and afk all the time. It's insane, im in games with people who have played hundreds less games than me. I win every single lane i play and it has almost 0 outcome on the game. 1 person (on my team or the other) will literally go 0 - 9 in 15 minutes and then who ever got fed proceeds to destroy everyone in team fights. Assuming i win my lane (which i almost always do) I would give my team about a 55% chance of winning.
0	No, the friend zone is real. Its just not what people think it is; a scapegoat for every time a girl rejects you. I have tons of female friends, and I've never had any kind of sexual relationship with any of them. I just enjoy having good people in my life, and so what if some of them happen to be women? (Admittedly, some are very attractive, but I digress) I consider myself in the "friend zone" but thats simply because thats what we are; freinds. Im perfectly happy with being her friend, I see no reason its a bad thing to be friends with a girl and not have sex with her. Thats what people need to realize, its okay to have female friends and not have sex with them. And they're not obligated to gove you sex for being their friend, just like your not obligated to buy them things and treat them like your girlfriend
0	My turn for a story!   I used to work in retail at a store called Harvey Norman, in Australia. One day i was working in the "tech bay" where customers come for repairs, returns etc. This one guy bought a phone in (home phone) and tried to tell me the screen was cracked when he opened the box.   The phone was clearly dropped, and and you could tell by A) the cracked screen, and B)the bloody side of it was scraped like someone had skid'd it across the road.   I go through the process anyway, look at the recipt etc. The phone was purchased 2 years ago! I tried to tell him it was clearly dropped or even thrown but he'd have none of it. He INSISTED that his WHOLE house was covered in carpet and there was no way if it dropped that it would break like this. I told him again, we won't replace it for him, and explained why.   After giving him the phone back, he lobbed it straight at my chest and ran out after the guard started running to wards him.
1	If you go back and watch him Pre-C9, he was an absolute Beast on Pulse/ Dig's B-team. Best Draven NA behind like QTpie I guess.   I intentionally watch Sneaky a lot during team fights to see what makes him so good, and it's really what makes C9 so good. He's constantly shooting someone while maintaining good positioning. In addition, he's never afraid to get shots on higher priority targets, even if they're not as close.   What's that, Renekton with full armor build is in my face? Well, I have life-steal and won't take that much damage from him, I'm free to shoot the mid-line and then worry about that tank later. He does this so well and stays so safe, his KDA is insane.
1	I'll go back to the original post then. It WOULD be possible to track wards, albeit not very accurately and you could have this stat added, but as everyone else in this post has already said, it would be very meaningless. Just read the rest of the posts for reasons why the stat isn't needed.
1	it is not that hard to understand why you feel sometimes that this is "not just a game" even tho it is.   we now have evidence that humans even from like 20.000 years ago were worshipping something. meaning they already used symbolism. our whole language is symbolism. humans were always good at finding correlation between all parts of life.   what this means is we are very good at finding truths, and also very good at fooling ourselves and let our imagination run rampart and believe what we like.   hence you want to feel like gaming part of your life is not a waste, so you pair it meaning.  the truth is, life has no real meaning so gaming has none too. but if you think being happy as much as you can is YOUR meaning of life, then of course gaming and any other fun activity has meaning, since basically it is the point of your life. like gaming, laughing with friends, being with your SO etc.   so ultimately, this is just a game, and has no meaning. if you prioritize other fun activities, you won't care about it. but if for YOU, it is really fun then for you it is more than a game because it makes you happy, it becomes one of your key point in life.   people believe in the most kinds of weird things(due to confirmation bias) spiritualism, reincarnation, religions etc. deep down i think even they know these are not true. but it makes them very happy, and that is what matters. does the truth even matter if you dont hurt anybody with it, yet it makes you feel happy not knowing it?   i had a friend who was very depressed at a time, due to life issues we talked less and less. and i somehow found his blog years after we last spoke to eachother. he wrote there that he considered suicide for a time, then found god, found out he doesn't have to be perfect etc, he has to accept he is a weak human being and all he has to do is to be happy. now he has a girlfriend, soon married, surrounded by other religious friends and is happy. even if i could convince him that it is all a tale, i wouldn't do it since he is happy now, he will have happy children, so that's that.
1	Leaving a game is never acceptable unless you have an emergency. You're ruining 9 other peoples experience, no one wins in 4v5's   If you manage to win 4 v 5 it makes the other team feel like garbage. and if you lose because you're 4v5 the win feels hallow for the team with the extra player.   Pretty much your girlfriend shouldn't be so emotional, it's a game, don't take what anyone says seriously. 90% of players are bad anyway. If she really is that sensitive she'd do well to mute EVERYONE as soon as the game starts, because this is the nature of competitive online team games, people are not nice because it s a COMPETITION. People don't like to lose, even if it is a normal game.   I wouldn't go as far to remake your accounts, that's stupid. Just keep playing and don't leave games. I honestly hope your girlfriend gets a week ban. She deserves it, she ruined 9 other peoples experience (including yours, and yes you should be upset with her) because she's selfishly sensitive.   My suggestion is that you play arranged 5s if you have friends and tell them "lets play to have fun" That way there's no expectation of winning and you can actually learn how to play at a normal and fun pace.   Pretty much  90% of what you would learn leveling up to 30 can be learned in about 5 actual level 30 games or just watching a pro's stream for an hour or two and watching how the players play and ward and take objectives. everyone below level 30 = smurfs,retards, or completely mediocre, almost no one is good. Watch the pros, focus on your cs, focus on objectives,ward. Those 4 tips alone will put you above 70% of the player base.   Tell your girlfriend to be less emotional and remember that it's a game, you're her boyfriend, it's your duty to make her comfortable and happy and she should have your happiness in mind too. if a player starts talking shit have her Insta mute him by hitting TAB / mute button. Also please stop playing bot games, I don't know how anyone could ever get pleasure from facing super predictable AI. What sense of accomplishment can that ever bring? There's no greater feeling than winning a hard fought, down to the wire, CLOSE GAME, and with AI you will never have that. This went on longer than I expected, but w/e.
0	Struggle has a loose definition. There are numerous ways to achieve the same balance of satisfaction and struggle without having to risk your life (though for some people, that's very rewarding and appealing - I know plenty of people who thrive in high stress / high danger situations).   I think generally speaking, the people who tend to get the most satisfaction out of life are those who have enough opportunity to get started, but not enough to prevent them from having to work toward something.   A kid who's born into a wealth has very little to aspire to. A kid who has the opportunities and safety net afforded to him by being born into a middle class life has more to strive for. Children born in poverty with few opportunities have a much harder time achieving goals.   There are other interesting parallels between the very rich and the very poor. Specifically, they have a very difficult time code shifting and communicating with people outside of their social class. They are very much fish out of water when in different sociological contexts.   I digress.
1	Rageblade rush 1st item almost everytime because i like the ridiculous 1v1 dueling it provides, this is what i mean by bring other items that compliment the items already, think about how runaan is much more powerful if you have a BotRK because of the way the spray dmage works, it may not be an optimal build, but there will always be a defined meta of items anyway. People will always strive to find the optimal stats and once those are found the meta builds for that champion are born, the items themselves are not actually horrible its just that people actually KNOW which ones are better, its impossible to perfectly balance all the items, the best thing to do would be to create too much imbalance by having too many item build possibilities to create a solid meta.
0	I'll preface this with a throat clearing and mention that I wrote my master's thesis on al-Qa'ida. I earned a Master's of International Security Studies and a Master's of Policing, Intelligence and Counter Terrorism from Macquarie University in Sydney back in 2009. I currently work in a related field. I only mention this because it's relevant to how seriously you're going to take what I'm saying.   >Almost certainly not an islamist   At this stage, you do not have  anywhere near  enough information about this attack to make that kind of assessment.   >Islamists generally work with the support of at least one group of like-minded people (Islamic Jihad, Al Qaida, Hezbullah, Hamas etc)... these groups tend to fall all over themselves claiming credit as quickly as possible when they know a muslim was behind it - even if any given group claiming credit had nothing to do with it.   This is only partially true, and even then it's more of a pre-9/11 understanding of Islamist terrorism. If you look into the literature on the global jihadist movement, there is actually a consensus that groups like al-Qa'ida have shifted from tightly-coupled networks to a broader social movement where central operational control is rare and unessential. Marc Sageman's "Leaderless Jihad" was a key text in demonstrating this shift, but many others have convincingly made the same argument since its publication. The literature has recently been quite obsessed with the idea of "lone wolf" terrorism and has discussed it in the context of Islamism at length. By no means does "acting alone" rule out the possibility of the attack being one conducted by an Islamist.   These days, Islamist terrorists generally work with  absolutely minimal  outside support. Recent plots demonstrate this.  The 2010 Time Square bombing attempt, the 2009 Christmas Day airline bombing attempt, and the Fort Hood attack show that Islamist terrorists increasingly  do  act on their own. The days of traveling to training camps and forming a cell are over. Self-radicalisation is the current concern of terrorism analysts.   As for claiming credit, yes, Islamists organizations are quick to claim credit after they plan and execute an attack. This, however, is not always the case. Usama Bin Laden didn't publicly claim credit for 9/11 until 2004. The possibility you're ignoring, however, is that this attack may have been conducted by an  unaffiliated  individual who was self-radicalised and merely inspired by Islamist networks. (Such a person would not yet be in a position to safely claim responsibility if they wished to get away with the attack). Those networks who inspired that individual would have possessed no foreknowledge of an attack and would not know their role in it until later.   I do agree, however, that the longer this thing goes unclaimed, the more it looks like it may have been a mass-murderer with no ideological motive.   In fact,  this strategy is exactly what Al-Qa'ida in the Arabian Peninsula are attempting to employ . They have made heavy use of the internet to publish magazines (such as 'Inspire') and disseminate video propaganda (such as speeches by Anwar al-Awlaki) to potential radicals. This kind of attack is exactly what their training manuals have been encouraging for years.   >My guess is this guy was a "lone wolf" like McVeigh or Kaczynski who might've gotten help from one or two other people, and has certainly gotten encouragement from all the hate-talk type media nutbags, but is not a member of any formalised organisation.   Again, "not a member of any formalised organisation"  does not rule out Islamist influence . I have no idea why you're so sure that it does. Self-radicalised, lone wolf jihadism has been the focus of al-Qa'ida since around 2010. It has actually resulted in many failed plots and arrests. They may have gotten lucky this time.   Look, you may very well be right that a nihilist or an anti-government, right-wing individual conducted these bombings. It's certainly one of the few most likely possibilities. We just don't know at the moment though. And trust me, any terrorism analyst worth his salt is being careful not to speculate about this just yet.   The main point is this:  no one on Reddit has enough data to make an even remotely reliable assessment of who did or did not do this . Everyone is hoping that this isn't an act of Islamist terrorism, and so am I. Everyone jumping to rule it out, however, seems to be conducting a biased analysis based on wishful thinking.   Let's wait for the investigation to make some progress until we start ruling out suspects based on speculation and incomplete data!
1	I think you got too caught up in the exaggerated details of my previous post which i can understand, the point of my post was more based around the fact that at my ELO it is sometimes impossible to carry/win games. I dont go 10/2 every single time i play, but in mostly every game i will win my lane. The problem i have is that all the other lanes will either feed or fail dramatically at last hits and cannot catch up and we end up getting stomped late game.  I do not know how to stop this. I have tried roaming and either my teammate will not respond to my aggresion and i will fall behind on farm, or they will just fail skillshots, positioning etc and get themselves and/or me killed. i really need help so i can carry myself out of my current ELO.
0	I once had a really bad trip on LSD that ended up occuring in the woods. I was meandering around after somewhat coming back to reality trying to figure out what I'm going to do when I noticed a fawn curled up under a little tree. I don't know what it was about this fawn but I could feel it staring through me with it's big black eyes. I wasn't even sure it was real as it was the only living thing I had come across since I got into the woods and well acid. I didn't bother it or anything but I knew it's mother would be back soon and the acid had begun pulling me into another direction so I left it alone.
1	To be fair, many jungle routes are incredibly fragile and having a screwed up route is incredibly detrimental to some junglers' early and mid games.   For instance, most of my routes involve starting at blue, then using the mana regen to clear all remaining camps (with a repeat at wraiths) and be at level 4 with both buffs relatively quickly.  Since I'm at level four, I've been able to commit my first three skills to jungling abilities that help me clear faster and my fourth skill can unlock my ganking ability (one that doesn't help me jungle but is crucial for a successful gank, like Amumu's Bandage Toss).   If the experience from even ONE jungle creep gets stolen, I won't hit level 4 after the second wraiths clear and now have to either delay my ganks to get level 4 from another camp or I have to gank without my initiation ability.  If I manage to notice that XP got stolen I'll use my third skill to unlock my ganking ability; since this is before red buff I'm going to end up taking more damage and time to kill red, reducing my ability to jungle/gank.   Even worse, if I somehow manage to lose blue buff as a mana-based jungler, my jungle time will increase exponentially as I have to constantly recall to get enough mana to jungle.  Because I have to take so long to clear camps, I'm going to fall very far behind in levels and gold and will get torn apart by the enemy team (until I've had time to farm and recover, which can sometimes take until mid to late game).  This is probably what happened to that Shaco since his blue buff clear to start the jungle route relies entirely on the creeps staying within range of his boxes.  He can't do enough damage to kill the golem on his own and now has to get help, meaning he either goes without blue or someone misses a lot more xp and gold in lane than before.   Regardless, communication is key.  He should have seen you in position to leash and said something before letting his blue buff get away.
0	There was a foreign exchange student at my university who got super drunk one night about a week before finals (and hence, right before she would leave the country). My university is in the south and a particularly small place with really nice people. Low crime, all that. She tripped and two guys tried to help her; she panicked, ran straight into a brick wall and broke her neck and both her wrists. When she woke up, she tried to accuse them of assault, but there were so many witnesses that it was immediately dropped.
1	and you believe that moving to a playerbase with half subscribers and half not will solve it? RIIIGGHHTTT   edit: If you cant win with one of the 450 or 1350 champs, youre far from good. I only play an hour a day if that now. If you think runes and expensive champions are what wins games, please uninstall LoL right now. I can school a lot of Graves,Vaynes, and Kogs as Ashe. Your logic is faulty.   You will always be beat by players who can spend more time and money than you can. This goes without saying that almost everything in life works this same way. If somebody can invest more than you can in life, you will always be behind. Deal with it and stop acting like a whiney 12yo because you don't have 24hrs a day free time to "be a pro".   The better player spends more time and knows strategies you don't even for less "powerful" champions. They work with what they have in ways that you don't. Get over yourself and learn to play for the fun of it. Get a group of friends ( I can imagine that must be hard for you from your rage post) and play with them. You will really see how much individual skill counts towards winning.
1	I partially disagree with you. First of all, yes, this is going to make the game easier. But have you seen the CoD player's review of League of Legends? If you are new to this game, there's so much to learn that clarity seems to be key. And this change definitely adds clarity.   But what does it mean that this game is becoming easier? This is not a Single Player Game like Assassin's Creed. If they added something comparable to Jungle Timers in Assassin's Creed, sure, I would be mad as hell because the game is already easy enough. But LoL is not an Adventure Game you can "beat" that has now become easier to beat. The difficulty level is entirely dependent on the enemy players.  You won't get promoted to Challenger because you have these jungle timers now. Since everyone gets them, nobody will be promoted at all.   I think Riot does a great deal to make this game easier. Because that's what they have to do. It's not the game where the difficulty should be, it's the enemy players. Chess, for example, is a really easy game. It has clear rules that are presented to a player in an organized way, providing him instant access to all the information that there is. And still, if you tell someone that chess is easy, he will probably tell you that he sucks at it.
0	I completely understand what you're saying. In college, I used to work at a food court and there was this one obese/overweight 'person' who would at the cash register, which was near the coffee machine where I used to be. I swear to go when I first met this person, I was so awkward and he/she had short hair but since she was also obese had (man)boobs.   So I used to do exactly that, a lot! Whenever I'd come in to start my shift, I'd be like (This person even had a unisex name) "Hey!!!, how's it goin? blah blah", "Dude, you should totally go for that.. blah blah".. (One can use dude while addressing both male & females in collge I suppose).   It was funnier when one of my co-workers during one of the shifts noticed my awkwardness and one in the locker room she came up and kinda acknowledged the situation and how even she doesn't know if its a guy or a girl. hah!
1	I used to main Mid, mainly assassins on my climb from 1-30, I liked the burst potential of those champions, my favorite being Talon, and idk why but I transitioned the love of burst to AD casters with a burst potential like Graves and i slowly started to play other ADC, loving the role. After playing multiple ADC games i played about 100 support games on multiple supports to see what the other side of bot lane feels like and what supports I would prefer to support me, then went back to ADC knowing the limits of supports and how aggressive I can be with them.
1	this is coming from my perspective as a 1700-1800 player. Normals isn't exactly a fair way to test her. I can run heimer in normals and just because people don't know how to respond to it I can crush lane and get fed off of mid 9/10 games (the 10th i'll just outfarm)   Also I've watched proabably 20 zyra games (not including streams) at 2k + When the person knows how to lane against her and when the team knows how to play against her, the problems i've noticed are generally true.   > All that has to hit is your E. So this is sort of true and untrue, because while E binds, fundamentally as many champs its pretty easy to still trade after the E. The E locks them in place for plants to do additional damage. Its still relatively easy to dodge, but it provides a great way of controlling zones and preventing other champs from zoning you.   >Rush Ryalis   I flat out disagree with this. She isn't super mana hungry and i'm not saying rush ROA. I think its just as viable as a ryalis. You don't really specify any reasons why ryali's is good. You say "if you get attacked you're dead anyway most likely." Which seems to go along with my argument which is that on zyra its better to itemize for damage. I think going for boots pots into 1-2 dorans and DC or abyssal first then abyssal or dc second followed by ryali's as a third and final item.   Also the reason i'm not sure about ryalais as a first item is because ALL of zyra's abilities end up only giving the reduced slow. So as a first item, if you agree that health doesn't really save zyra if the other team can attack her, then itemize for damage and the ryalis doesn't make sense until you have the damage that needs a solid slow so you can chase people down.   >Your Q now has a stun   What? its a 15% slow that you're referring to, not a stun, mild slow at best, like a redbuff.   >I was the only one even close to positive and I carried the game   Anicdotes arn't the best forms of evidence.   Overall I think you seem to misunderstand what i'm saying, look at my conclusion. I'm talking about a fair even skill higher level zyra match-up. I believe that smart players can dodge zyra's clearly telegraphed skill-shots and abilities. As a result in higher level match-ups zyra needs to have her damage set up.   Vayne is another example, in low skill games you can get by as vayne and don't have to do much fancy positioning against average skill opponents, just because when you ulty in low elo, people tend to forget vayne is in the fight, in high elo they switch to the AP til vayne shoots again then vayne is dead. You can build a comp built around protecting a 550 range hypercarry like vayne. In the same way that you can build a comp to set up the RIDICULIOUS zyra chain damage. In my view here is a perfect zyra comp   Malphite Jungle or top Ults in on as many as possible (preferably getting one or both major carries, Zyra E's drops 2 seeds, Q's then Ulties, right as the ult is dropped we get a shen top or jungle, or lets say an alistar pulv to knock up the same group, after that zyras q can be up again. By the time her Q hits the ult pops. So if you are to make a comp for those sorts of brutal initations, zyra can be a god. If you don't have that comp, she can do well in lane but then when it comes to teamfights, smart teams just disengage for a second then its all good.   No personal offense intended from this statement, but you seem to just have "this one time I did this as zyra" with very little analysis on the actual abilities and how it works with certain comps or doesn't work with other comps. I'm sure it works for you, but when we're talking about zyra as a champion I believe fundamentally all champions can be viable in normals, i've gone like 18/2 as karma mid before and i've run a good botlane with karma support. Its not competitivly picked, so obviously zyra works in normals, I also happen to think she is very good in the competitive scene with the right comp around her.
1	Well, Zed as a whole has fallen so helplessly out of meta right now, there isn't much to say to him but RIP. FotM champs shitting out shields/heals, exhaust broken AF vs. assassins, bork active nerf.. merc scim buff, ADC's getting buffed items..   In the jungle he provides to be quite honest, horrible cc for ganks, and his gapclose doesnt really provide any means of sticking without bork / ult since the slow is neglible, has no built in sustain, and that honestly together means he'll never be a top tier jungle.
1	but Anivia, Ahri and Cass all have low cooldown spells, Morg is amazing if you hit that binding and can get a perfect ult, but if that binding misses you are standing around for 5 sec not able to do anything huge (other then shield your carry) while Cass can CONSTANTLY spam spells and do damage plus an Instant stun/slow, Anivia can change the map zone huge areas with her ult and has a point and click nuke every 2 sec, ahri is almost in the same as morg as in if she misses her charm there goes CC but she can still just jump in to a team and do tons of damage then jump out. Morg is an awesome mid, She farms so well and Cant really be countered but she is a high risk high reward type of teamfighter.
1	Sounds to me like someone is jealous... If you don't like him, you don't have to watch his videos and if you are annoyed by the outro you can skip it aswell... At least he is someone who still plays the game for fun and is not only tryharding in rankeds and gettin mad when they lose lp. His videos are quite retarded that might be true, but in a funny way. Maybe i like them because the cg guys remind me of my league team :P
1	If anyone is paying attention, before the cut at [2:11]( Soraka's model is walking. Probably because she has no boots. After the cut, she's lvl7 which means she probably has boots at that point and you can see her model "jogging" or "running" instead of walking.
0	I hope you beat them 'till they cried. No one should do that shit.
1	It's so annoying when people complain. LoL is a free game. No ifs, ands, or buts about it. I don't care how much money you've spent on the game. Spending money was your choice. LoL is a free badass game; be grateful.
1	I'm definitely going to have to disagree with this.   The shield effect doesn't stack, so unless they take the full 180+3.5 damage, you don't get the most out of it.  Hitting multiple teammates with both waves requires your team to position into it; not really a priority in team fights.  Shield travel time may be an issue, but can be compensated by range.  It's just really too situational to be considered one of the best.  Every other shield with a ratio has a higher ap or ad ratio.  The base 80 is standard on support shields, with lee sin's at a 40 (it overtakes lux's by level 4).  With the additional bonuses that everyone else's shields give, lux's really sucks for a shield.  It also scales off terribly late game due to the low ratio.  Essentially, it is like karma's heal but harder to land.  It can be really good if you can get your team to not be stupid.   What lux does have going for her shield: at early levels, the reapplied shield can be good in small fights, due to most spells and attacks tearing through it, allowing the 2nd shield to be useful.  Late game, the shield instant drops both times, becoming nearly useless.
0	if you get hacked once, im pretty sure the hacker could get your other password too, even if it was different.   If they hack you machine yes, but if they hack Sony/Twitter, they will just have that information.   >plus, if you used different passwords for everything, "someone could use the information they get from one account to compromise the other ones"   Very, very good point, but at least they would need to mine that information, and it might not all be available. The type of attack that worked on Mat Honan is not that common, and required some phone calls. Not a big amount of work, if it is just the same user/password, you've make it as easy as you can for them.   >
