0	Not all teenagers are violent assholes!   Me & my friends play football (saccar) outside my house a lot. The ball is kicked off a fence, and there's other people nearby, so sometimes they'll want us to quieten down. Specifically, 3 guys. All around 40 years old in different houses.   Guy #1 usually comes out with a knife, threatening to call the police and he'll pop our ball if it goes anywhere near him. He swears at us and is just generally an asshole.   Guy #2 usually comes out and just asks us if we can quieten down or move somewhere else. He seems a little annoyed, but nice at the same time.   Guy #3 comes out shouting at us, threatening to kick all our asses if we don't get the hell out of there.   Guess which guy we normally listen to? Yep. Only #2.   With guy #1, we just end up hating him. Some of my friends try specifically to annoy him, and the only thing we do when he comes out is just keep playing or wait til he goes away.   With guy #2, we normally respect him and try to leave/be quieter. I mean some of my friends will still say stuff like "What a grumpy asshole!!", but most of us like him and listen to him.   With guy #3, we just laugh it off. A 40 year old guy is going to come out here and kick our asses? 1 vs 5? That's an empty threat if i ever heard one. We're going nowhere.
1	You only need a Doran's shield for laning HP regen. To avoid harassment, level your W instead of your E. At rank 3 of W, you can essentially get free last hits from a distance and never run the risk of getting ganked. Keep a ward in the river if you are concerned. If the enemy is all accounted for, you can literally 1v1 champions inside their creeps with your W activated and take 0 dmg.   I always rush Rylai's as the first item. If we have a real tank (read: shen, malphite, amumu, galio, etc), then I will continue into a Deathfire Grasp and Abysssal Scepter. After that, finish off with 2 defensive items (force of nature and a GA or SFC). If the team is stupid enough to think you are the tank, then go Rylais -> 2 defensive items -> deathfire -> scepter. Boots are obviously Magic Pen or Merc Treads.   If you build full tank, or the team considers you the only tank, then you and your team both do not understand Mordekaiser's potential. Mordekaiser isn't defined as a tank, he is best used as an Anti-Carry. With a combo of DFG + Ult + E + Ignite, any ranged (or melee) carry will be obliterated and you can proceed to quadra-kill the rest of their team. Tank Morde simply doesn't have this burst. With a typical 3 AP item build, you will be doing ~90%+ HP-percentage based damage to a carry.   I tend to let the real tank initiate, and lurk with our carries. If the team tries to rush your carry (especially if they have a twitch), you can literally just kill someone dead in their tracks. If the battle is on the front line, once things get heated just ghost through and unload on their ranged carry.
1	Do you mean you stopped playing  last  summer?  Like summer of 2012?  If my understanding of the decay system is correct it has not been long enough to have stopped playing this summer and have gone from Gold V to Bronze I purely through decay.   The way decay works is that after 28 days you lose a set amount of LP.  If that LP would bring you down to 0 in your current division then it drops you down one division, if you are in Division 5 of your Tier and you hit 0 LP through decay then it drops you to Division 1 of the next Tier down.  After the initial decay you then decay a set amount of LP once every 7 days as long as you stay inactive.  This next part is what I'm not sure about, I believe that when it drops you a Division it puts you at 75 LP in that Division no matter how much LP you lost from the decay.  I'm operating based on that assumption because both of my ranked teams that have decayed have been put into 75 LP of the division below where they were before.   In Gold you lose 25 LP per decay period, in Silver you lose 10 LP per decay.  You do not decay in Bronze.   So, assuming you are at Gold V with 25 LP or less you will decay to Silver I after 28 days of inactivity.  From this point forward you will lose 10 LP per week in Silver 1.  Starting at 75 LP it will take 8 weeks (56 days) to decay to Silver 2, and another 8 weeks to Silver III and so on.  Thats a total of 40 weeks to decay from Silver I 75 LP to Bronze I.  Including the 4 weeks it took for the initial decay from Gold V to Silver I that is 44 weeks, or 308 days, from Gold V (25 LP or less) to Bronze I.   _
0	This. I didn't have much say in what times my classes were running the past year, and I ended up with one term being just a bunch of classes crammed into the morning, and the other being mostly late starts (and late ends). I was much more productive and successful when I had the morning classes, as I had a large amount of time after my classes ended to make sure I was keeping up with assignments and general studying. Even after a large amount of that, I often ended up with some decent time to have fun in the afternoon/evenings.
1	Meh, it's a simple fact. I don't like seeing clutter. Sorry that you like to read about peoples days that have no part in a discussion area, when there is nothing to discuss.
0	Can confirm, public trash cans are notorious for catching on fire. A butt tossed in to a refuse receptacle even with the tiniest of embers can cause a small open flame which spreads incredibly fast.   It happened to me unknowingly last year. I had finished a shift at a restaurant downtown and had a cigarette on my walk to the bus stop a few blocks down from work.  Once finished with it I tamped down the ember on the metal ring surrounding a trash can at the bus stop, and tossed the butt in, seemingly putting it out before it passed the event horizon of the trash can hole.  5 minutes later as I'm nonchalantly leaning against a building, reading a book, a firetruck comes roaring down the street. I wonder where it's headed, and before I can complete the thought they hopped the curb in front of me, half the truck on, half the truck off the curb. Then three flame wardens disembark and rush past me.  Up until this point I had had my back to the refuse container I had unknowingly primed. I turn around in time to see the wardens encircle a fire-nado looking situation; all of the contents of the container (a cylindrical 1.5' - 4' can, inside a ribbed cage, b/c specificity) had combusted and eaten all the oxygen within, the hungry torrent of flame reaching greedily almost 2' above the can.   With fire extinguishers in hand, and a three-point assault, the wardens dove right in and had the situation handled in 15 seconds. Turning their backs to the smoldering can they give a thumbs up to the truck driver as the stow their gear and pack up. As quickly as they arrived they vanished into the wind, leaving me to stare at the smoldering trash bin in wonderment for the next few minutes before my bus arrived.   Props to the fire team for pro-level response times though.
0	I'm actually glad you said that, because now I understand where the disconnect (or at least one of them) between our arguments lies.   >The fact is that vaccination does NOT stop you from carrying bacteria or viruses in your nose, throat, intestines, airway, skin, or in your body.   You're absolutely right about this!  Virus particles and bacteria can certainly be spread like any small particulate, particularly when they are aerosolized!  But [they only GROW and EXPAND when they are infecting a human host, and we have measurements of how many other people a single sickened person can infect for various diseases](   But let's be clear:   I never disagreed with the above point that we can carry germs on our clothes with our dirt.   You're constructing a strawman to knock down when you accuse me of that.   To be honest, those strawman fallacies are pretty easy to commit [when you copy and paste someone else's blog post]( and don't even bother to cite your sources.   You're also incorrect anyways.  [We actually know about:](   >the ability of conjugate vaccines to protect vaccinees not only against disease but also against nasal carriage, and hence infectiousness   The blog you took your quote from is specifically talking about the pertussis part of the TDaP vaccine.  [Even that argument, that acellular pertussis vaccines don't prevent the spread of whooping cough, is contentious](
1	This might be a little offtopic, but what is wrong with Karma? I wasn't playing LoL when the old karma was out, so I only have experience with the reworked Karma and she seems fine.
0	When I was still in school, I remember I lent several people my video games. For instance, when I was in elementary school my "best friend" borrowed my copy of The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past that also came with The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords.   When I went to high school, I remember this guy (I suspected his parents neglected him or he was poor because his clothes looked worn out and he had some serious B.O.) borrowed my copy of Kingdom Hearts 2. I asked him about my Kingdom Hearts 2 game several times and every time he said he was going to bring it but he never did.   So now I know to only let people that I absolutely trust borrow my stuff and if I don't trust them, that's their problem.
0	This. My mother didn't let me have a job in high school because "school was my job". We're not poor by any means so I just went with it. She said if I did well in school, I would get scholarships that would cover the cost. Well, now I'm in college, my mother isn't really helping at all, I don't qualify for financial aid, there's nothing particularly noteworthy about me (I'm a white girl who is not good at sports or really anything) so I don't get much for scholarships, and the ones I do get for education are so small they're almost negligible. Sure $2,000 is nice, but when I'm going to a good university for 8+ years, it doesn't do much.
0	To truly flood the streets?   to have a majority of Americans, or at least a significant portion of them suddenly go out against all the subtle fences of domestication, all the social engineering, go out despite police forces, some of which are equipped with military vehicles and drones, and try to change things violently, or at least actively?   you've gotta take away their couches, internet, and cushioning. and you have to take these things away from a culture that is not only obsessed with, but for the most part strives for the further acquisition and enjoyment of these things.   needless to say this is incredibly difficult if not impossible.   in my understanding of it, the only real way that things are going to change are either through the creation of alternatives, the active mass use of a countermeasure, or some people lobbying to change them.   for the issues facing online privacy, these things would be, say, creating a new internet of sorts, one that is less vulnerable to government surveillance, if not impervious; the mass use of countermeasures in order to combat unlawful surveillance, as in everyone using vpns or tor as often as they use Reddit, for instance; or by people paying off enough politicians to try and change the current standings on this.   I'm not saying that i know exactly how the system works and that i speak from some position of education or credibility on the subject, but from what i do know- which is not much, to be fair- these are the only real outcomes as far as the prospects of American revolution are concerned.
1	The damage control is insane. The best thing you guys, as representatives for the F5 management and team, can do right now is to realize that the battle is lost, that people don't believe that you're sincere, and that you have both, as well as the F5 management, handled this situation horribly. First the justification thread for prototype started by mizzpeach and then this blunt article trying to justify mizzpeach.
1	The thing is that CoD works better in videos. The CoD audience is expecting those ~7-15 minute videos that Youtube is good for.   LoL doesn't work as well as videos. Most of the time, streaming is what people care about. If its not the stream itself then its the VoDs of the stream which they can find just about anywhere.
0	I am super lucky in the smell department - it's pretty much nonexistent until after a few days when I've been told on multiple occasions I smell quite nice. Your ex is super wrong about the deodorant. I've never had to wear it and only started to a year ago since out helps with razor burn. I still don't put it on every day and there's been no change in my odor (or lack thereof). Maybe if you get the medical grade stuff it might be different, but I think the smell he's thinking of has more to do with age and the changing of people's body than a dependency.
1	How come Riot never posts on these kinds of threads?"   Because we're at PAX atm! But seriously though, just know we see your suggestions and these kinds of posts are great for getting insight into what you want from our game. Thanks for the detailed thread.
0	Here's a list that I found extremely helpful when I first started redditing...   What do all of these acronyms mean? Well there are a lot of acronyms in use on reddit, so this is just a list of some of the main ones you'll see.   ELI5 means "Explain like I'm 5 (years old)"   DAE means "Does anybody else" or "Does anyone else"   FTFY means "Fixed that for you"   IAMA means "I am a"   AMA means "Ask me anything"
0	my first and most recent ex ended it ON our 1 year anniversary, was first everything, no luck since, took almost a year after the break-up to delete, i know it sounds long, still kinda think about it even though its been over a year, but she was my first, also amplified things because my father which i last saw when i was 10 (now 19, today) died 2 days after i got with her, so it was hard, been trying to keep my head up since, whatevs, life goes on. also kinda worried because she called me last year on my bday after the break up, led to false hope and expectations and even more heartbreak. worried that she might call/ might be depressed if she doesn't. more to it though, strict parents, barely saw her, etc... but still, i picked her up from school, drove her to my place, get dumped, drive her home, now anytime i hear of/from her i get super anxious
1	ACTIVE MAGIC DAMAGE: 250 / 375 / 500 (+ 100% AP) These are the values for blitzcranks ult.  damage is on parem scaling is way better, adds a 0,5 sec silence and is much easier to hit 5 members of the enemy team.  with 40% CDR you can use it every 16 seconds.
1	Nasus is only a problem if you let him become a problem. If you let a game run 60 minutes and a full tank Nasus gets 1000 stacks, there isn't much you can do. You just have to change your play style. The most common method is to pick a lane bully, freeze your lane, and deny him cs. Another method that worked really well for me was a lane swap. You don't see them as much in solo q because it can be hard to coordinate but, if you can pull it off, Nasus will be useless. Put an aggressive duo in his lane with a siege heavy adc (Caitlyn, Jinx, Lucian, Tristana). Push him to his tower and constantly poke it down until it falls. Be very careful of the jungler though. You want to end the laning phase as quickly as possible. Your solo laner needs to play carefully. His job is to stall the lane as long as possible. Your jungler should be camping the solo lane to make sure things go smoothly. Once you take the Nasus lane tower, the duo joins a solo lane and pushes more towers. Nasus has to leave his lane and his farm to match your numbers, eliminating him as the unstoppable threat he becomes late game.
1	Can I still answer even if I didnt play beta/season 1? I started in season 2 and by far season 2 to preseason 3 was the best! I loved when draven had his old passive with the bleeding dear god the quadra kills and penta's I was earning in normals!! I loved it.
1	Extremely strong, both as a top lane and a jungler- probably the only jungler with whom it is customary to out-CS the lanes. Her lack of CC sucks, but FroMa is core on her to help stick to targets, and along with Lee Sin she is a jungler who can go smite/exhaust almost all the time. She works brilliantly with crowd control teams, but I have found her to be fairly dependable in SoloQ aswell, provided lanes have moderate CC, mainly because she can farm to carry status even if ganks are meh. Recent patch was somewhat of a buff, as she now auto attacks targets better as they run, meaning her speed makes up for her lack of CC.
1	To be fair, the Talon/Riven thing was comparing two champions who are supposed to have a similar role, but one entirely outclassing the other. The
0	It was more a joke than thick sarcasm.   But, I wouldn't provide a link if I was just being an asshole.   I'm genuinelt trying to answer you and curious your opinion on my answer.
0	I certainly can't speak for everyone, but I tend to dislike hunters because I've never personally met one that was reasonable or responsible about it. Murdering animals to them is more than a way to get food, more than sport - it's purely for fun and bragging rights. Many of the ones I've met don't give half a fuck what season it is; if they see something they want to shoot, they'll shoot it because "no gov'ment can tell me how to live my life" or "God put animals on this Earth so we can eat them." There's always some argument for them to be above everyone else.   To give you a bit more insight, I've seen people go out and kill 3-4 deer for a family of 5 adults. They then realize they only want 1 or maybe 2, so they leave the rest there to rot because "it's natural and other animals will eat it". So they bring home their 1-2 deer, talking the whole way back about how awesome it was that they missed the first few shots and crippled the animal, and how great it was to watch it slowly die (of course, they didn't put it out of its misery because that's a waste of bullets - you only shoot again if it'll get away). They get home, instantly throw away perfectly good meat in the freezer to make room, and "clean" the deer where everyone in the neighborhood can see. Freeze it, eat a couple of meals from it, then repeat next weekend...   Are most hunters like this? Absolutely not. I'm positive that this isn't common whatsoever. In fact, I'm pretty positive this is a rarity made 'common' purely because of the protection of small-town IncestJesusville, KY. But do I think about it every time someone says they hunt? Absolutely. I'll always relate hunting - no matter how reasonable - to selfish, psychopathic behavior.
0	Your HR rep lied to you.  They work for a private company, a private company trying to keep you from filing a lawsuit. It's not if you're white they fail to back you up, it's because there's never enough evidence.  Document it and file it, and they will back you up.
1	Everyone needs to understand that the league system is still based off elo and promo series are just a way to let you know that you are closer to the next div or tier. Just think of every div as needing more than 140lp to get to the next one while div 1s need 160. If your elo is the same as your place in the leage you will get 20 points per win. If you got placed in gold 3 like me but were 3 elo off gold 2 you will get 25-30 points and lose less aswell.
0	Story time:   One year for Christmas, when I was about 16,  my mother set out out a basket shaped much like you would imagine a treasure chest to look like. It sat out under the tree for at least three weeks before Christmas Eve, when we open our presents. This mystery package had no name on it. My brothers and I all hoped it was for ourselves but we had no way of knowing. It finally came time to open present but she still wouldn't tell us who it was for until after all of the other presents. Finally, the time came, all the presents had been opened excepted for the mysterious locked treasure chest. My mom announces it was for me and hand me the key! I could see the jealousy in both my brothers eyes and this point I was just happy that the mystery gift was mine. I fumbled around unlocking the paddle lock to find 100 pairs of fresh white shin high socks, straight out of the package.  It was by far the best gift I have ever received. I didn't wear a used sock for 100 days and I felt like a king.
1	Ok, let me rephrase. Based on the fact that a human cannot control what they think, and the fact that the individual in question is human, we shall assume he cannot control how he thinks. Therefore we should praise him for working on how he behaves regardless of motivation, as this encourages positive behavior, rather than saying his motives suck, since this is more likely to lead to long term positive changes. Imagine you have a child who wants a sweet. You tell them that they can have the sweet if they do the washing up, so they wash up, then you tell them they can't have the sweet because they only did the washing up so they can have the sweet and that's not a good motive. If you give them the sweet they might well do the washing up again, perhaps without being asked. Sure they're doing it because they want sweets, but positive behavior is increasing. Over time they may well come to realize that doing things such as washing up tends to result in positive consequences and their behavior changes. Now return to the situation where we tell them they can't have it because their motivation was "wrong" are they going to improve behavior? Probably not, why should they when you've already demonstrated that it yields nothing. Whilst this is an idealized scenario it captures the basic issue that positive change requires motivation, based upon this fact we should praise the change and whilst considering that it was based upon the motivation of being allowed to continue professional play continue to note the change, encouraging positive community interaction rather than deciding the change is worthless because the motivation isn't based purely on morals.
1	isnt the issue that reddit mods are trying to get him to change what he says on twitter and other social medial (and his youtube videos).. in the case that some one is using leverage to deny your rights of free speech (which as far as I can tell Twitter,Facebook and Youtube are all owned by separate companys that ARE allowing those things to be hosted) in any OTHER capacity that they are legally able then it is called BLACKMAIL. srry mate everyone is at fault here Richard can be a dick everywhere else but reddit and reddit cant use that as basis for barring him from the website.   Last point: Reddit mods as far as i know are not paid. (if they are official employees someone please correct me) and therefore are not employees of the company that controls reddit and cannot legally ban him in ANY capacity on the rest of the site (which it sounds like they did.) Thats a job for people who can officially speak on behalf of a company.
0	Can anyone give me a detailed
1	This type of QQing reminds me of Blizzard fanboy rage.  Anytime Palladins were nerfed, they'd all rage on the forums and threaten to quit.  Blizzard would at first give a very corporate response, reiterating the reasons for the nerfs, but after a few more days of fan-boy rage and unsubscribing threats, they'd give another corporate response, which detailed a few issues they'd encountered with the nerfs, so they would be buffing Palladins to fix it.  The Palladins would then boast and gloat on the forums about how they were right all along.  This same process happened everytime the servers went down on Tuesday and came back up later than expected.  Thousands of posts would flood the forums.  People has missed a raid and were unsubscribing because of it.  People had called off work for some special ingame play date, but now they'd be switching to swtor, where the hot gamer girls were.  I mean, just anytime anything happened which inconvenienced a Blizzard fan, they took up arms and threatened to burn Anaheim to the ground and kill themselves afterwards.   Granted, Blizzard's PR was pretty frustrating to live with, but mostly because they used a corporate lexicon, which dodged apology and responsibility for issues.  But I think this hyper-defensive stance was actually a reaction to fanboy rage.  They had to be guarded, or fanboys might gain access to even more brand damaging intelligence.   I'm bringing this up because I'm concerned about rage against a company which is still open with its fan base.  RIOT makes mistakes and typically owns up to them.  This is not a common trait among gaming companies.  Now, in the case of the official ref outright rejecting evidence and testimonials of rampant cheating throughout the tournament, we're looking at a defensive posturing where a RIOT employee is either blatantly lying to us or denying us an explanation for why they've decided to let the cheating slide.  This is definitely "uncool" and I'd like to see a better more honest response from a riot spokesman at the very least.  Still, it's not a massive issue, just one that deserves attention.  The Internet issues on the other hand are not that big of a deal.   Well, they were a rather huge deal actually, but I see no reason, as a fan, to make an even bigger deal out of them.  RIOT lacked a degree of foresight in a novel endeavor and apologized to the players and the fans for their blunder.  We can all still be upset about our experiences, but raging at riot endlessly and threatening to quit the game over our frustrating evening is both childish and counterproductive.  The better reaction would be to voice concerns, inquire about what the actual technical issues were, and offer up suggestions on what might have made the experience easier on us.   For example, I think updates on the LoL frontpage and their twitter should have been offered more frequently.  There were a few crashes where nobody outside of the people at the live event knew what was happening.  That's hundreds of thousands of fans sitting in front of dead streams wondering if they have time to go out for more beer or not.  Let me tell you that this was a serious dilemma for me up until I remembered I had left three bottles in my crisper for some reason.  But increasing the frequency of communication with stream viewers is just one idea.   The OP gave two other ideas regarding how to prevent crashes like this in the future (before he raged out and quit the game).  I'm sure the casters from last night would suggest having backup casters to sub for them for at least 10-15 minute breaks here and there when technical issues like this cause games to go down.  Were Deman and Jatt even allowed a bathroom break during their 9 hour castathon?  And the players as well.  Food breaks?  Psychological counseling after having to restart hour long games where victory was very likely?  Massages?   I don't know.  I just feel like raging about how this is some massive unforgivable failure is a great way to be poisonous to a fun game, a great community, and the future of ESports.  We can either participate in and contribute to ESports' evolution or we can spit on it.  In sum, this is our culture, and I'd rather see it stay civilized.   The
1	When they made Kha, a versatile assassin that can evolve to suit the situation is EXACTLY what they had in mind.   Except that 3 evolution points allow him to be versatile at pretty much  everything .   >And a jack of all trades assassin isnt really what he would be....He would just take a few different tools depending on what situation allows, the tradeoff being slightly weaker overall damage than other fighters and slightly less burst than assassins, but the capabilities in his kit for both depending on evolution.   What's the point of taking any other assassin then if Kha'zix can fit into any comp?   While cool, I'm thinking the whole concept of versatility based around some choice points on an assassin was an absolutely awful idea, and would have been better for a utility-mage or support. An assassin (based on kits of other champions with the role) is to use their full kit to kill their target/s, and then escape while waiting for cooldowns,  or  have their abilities refresh on a kill/assist and start the whole process over immediately on the next victim.   With that information, why the hell would an assassin need to have versatility and choices in their kit? The only reason would/should be the flavor in which you wish your opponents to die, but currently Kha'zix does everything after 3 evolutions, with sustain, burst, disengage, and survival.  He has no weaknesses .   If hes to be in line with the others (currently, since LB and I imagine Talon and whoever at some point are getting reworks) his kit needs to be balanced in damage and the whole combo needs to be executed correctly. Right now, he spams Q on cooldown, W and/or E to stick to a target, then E and/or Ult to get out of a fight. That is not the way assassins normally work in this game.
0	and as far as we know, right).   Oh, fuck. I hate this hipster bullshit. "Well  as far as we know  evolution exists. But you never know what could be found tomorrow."   NO you fucking hipster. There is 100% rock solid evidence that evolution happens. It's in our DNA for fuck's sake. It's traceable, catalogueable, measurable.
1	I do tribunal occasionally when I have nothing to do(trying to find some funny toxic chats).   But out of 90 cases I only got 4 wrong, and those 4 were ones that I chose to pardon.  Those pardoned cases didn't show any real toxic behavior.  Basically what I'm getting at is almost everyone who does tribunal just presses punish, so you shouldn't worry too much about those toxic players, they'll all get time bans eventually if they get enough reports, tribunal people are all lazy and just press punish.
1	It blows my mind to find out anyone past lvl 5 locks their camera.  Unfortunately you have severly handicapped yourself by letting yourself play 400 games this way, transitioning won't be easy.   Your champion is NOT an extension of YOU.  This is not a first person game.  It is important to have constant GAME sight.  You are a summoner who dies when the throne is destroyed, what your champion is doing at any given moment is only a portion of the war.   As far as learning where your champ is during a team fight, have faith that your champ is doing what you are telling it to do.  If you clicked to move up and around, by golly your champ is going to be moving up and around.  If used a charge to go from one side of the fight to the other, holy shit there he/she is.  The difference is making the mental connection between your inputs and the outputs on the screen.  Consider it an advanced technique to know what's going on before it actually happens.   As far as camera locking, I probobly play 25% of my game with my screen off my champ entirely, and 50% of the game my champ only occupies the lower left/upper right corner.  If you have your back to a turret, and you know the enemy isn't going to come from behind, move your screen so that your champ is in the corner that you feel safe behind.  Now you can see like 75% more of what's going on around you.  +1 awareness.   When you know you have 5 seconds where you are waiting, moving through safe areas, etc, check on your other lanes, your teammates, etc  see what they are doing, what items they are building, what the enemy is doing.  Its important to understand the flow of the game.  Micro wins battles, Macro wins the war.  +2 awareness.   When moving around places like the jungle and river, move the camera so it overlaps with the fog in the direction you are moving.  In some situations this may not have your champion centered on screen.  This allows you to see what's coming up and keep an eye on your 6 as well.  You should only rarely move your camera off your champ in neutral territory like this, never know when someone might surprise you from a bush or stealing your creep.  +3 awareness.   As far as skillshots go, you just need to learn to be aware of your champs positioning at all times.  If you already know in your mind where you are standing, you can move your screen so your champ isnt even on it anymore and shoot into the dark, or through the fog to the enemy.
0	I saw some versions of this in the comments, but it comes down to psychology and cost/benefit analysis.   The psychology of it, in Reddit terms, is a plea for mercy as the person posting has seen the savagery of Redditors when it comes to shitty posts; they hope theirs is not shitty and therefore ask for a modicum of forgiveness if is is kinda shitty.   If they're observant, it can be a calculated cost/benefit in that they know their post is not too shitty, understand that "first post"  will  offer them a modicum of forgiveness and some subsidiary pity upvotes, and use the phraseology purposefully despite that the very wording will earn some automatic downvotes.
1	I love LoL because LoL is a solid game, it's varied (80 Champs is a lot), it's interesting, it's deep. Every time I get bored I discover a new champ and fall in love again (Hello Orianna!). Say what you will about Riot but I think they do a good job. The game is more balanced than ever and they have really good community relations.
1	Must've been tough on OP losing a computer game. /s.
0	Pineapples, like hedgehogs, are prickly.
1	it's essentially a fake turn time honestly, and right click -> W is actually much harder to accomplish correctly than just clicking W, it's another action you have to preform, imagine a nidalee running directly alongside a wall then right when it got to a thin part she immediately jumps about double the length of a riven dash right through that  wall with no delay whatsoever. Nidalee's cant do this right now, it will always take a little bit of time to turn so you can jump that wall, you cant click behind it because then you'll just path around it, you may not even be able to click right onto it because you're so close to the wall already that your character wouldn't finish rotating by the time he finished pathing.
1	I wouldnt really even call it situational. its more a case of how much gold you base with. The items arent different enough to make a solid distinction. PD gives more damage, but then, Shiv is 300g less.
0	I find this to be interesting. Casting judgement on someone for explaining the details behind the meme, rather than telling everyone to fuck off, which would have been the easier road. Only in  this  thread did I reply to anyone about the legality of my actions. So for you to make it plural is unjustified. Honestly, if you need the support of others to substantiate your ideas, then it shows the frailty of your written message.   You call me a dick simply because I had an item in possession that belongs to someone else and it remained that way because of break-up. I've said before, if I had been of the mind that I had the property while we were still in contact I would have said "hey, listen this is yours. Take it back." Yet, since it was disregarded, forgotten, and placed out of sight, it eventually became a relic. It's just fortunate that when I unearthed the bloody thing, it still has use. I don't know where this woman is anymore and if I could find her, maybe we could work something out, but that doesn't seem likely.   So, hey, you guys want to downvote and judge me without any regard to the facts or appealing to any evidence, then please, do so. Is that not what reddit is for? The image served its purpose and it did generate a generous amount of upvotes -- more-so than I have ever received. Good or bad, as they say, no press is bad press. Thanks for your time.
0	It wasn't an ultimatum, it was just like, "hey man, if you wanna do this its cool, but I'll have to go elsewhere".   That's kind of an ultimatum isn't it?   I have no problems with changing if it's something that doesn't affect my interests. That being said it does happen that people get into relationships with people who try to change them into things they are not (I dated a girl who was very needy and didn't like being alone, whereas I'm a reclusive person at times and I very much enjoy my alone time, she tried to change that and it didn't work out in the end). I'm assuming that's the type of thing OP is talking about, not talking about changing eating habits and being a healthier person.
0	Heh, all depends on what you're buying.  Bought a phone off of someone when it was brand new, met in a mcdonalds downtown, nicer part of town during the day, all went nice and smooth.   Bought some rims and 33" mud tires off some guy by the docks at night at a STEEP discount.  Now that was some sketchy shit.  Deal ended up going down smoothly and I got my rims, but lets just say everyone knew everyone was carrying a pistol by the time the transaction was complete.
1	You CAN be aggressive early game, and more importantly minions can help you with this; it just means if you want to win a trade your minion wave needs to be bigger than the enemy's, a factor you have direct control over. Learn to control the size of your creep wave, and you'll do marvelously in the early game. Watch people like Wickd doing this; he's an expert at gaining an early game advantage using this type of tactic.   Of course, the balance is that your wave will then be pushing, which puts you at higher risk to ganks. But that's the whole point of high-aggression/high-risk gameplay styles, isn't it? You can be aggressive if you want, but you'll incur additional risks if you do so.
1	Look. As a main jungler I am also hurt by the oracle nerf to 5 minutes long, but tbh, oracle was too risky. You'd spend 400g on an item which you'll lose upon death. Sure you can clear wards and apply pressure to lanes. But here is the catch: Riot wanted to make the lanepressure from junglers less big. Thats why they changed the jungle and nerfed oracle. I would love its niche in the earlygame.  They made it so Oracle is now picked up when you want to pressure the map. Sure it's expensive and Pinks might be better in some occasions. But if you want to go for a typical ward-war, a oracle is still better since you can choose what part of the map is being pressured.  I like the idea of an extension of the oracle's elixer but it should not be as much that it will re-earn its niche earlygame.
1	Sure. We'll just assume the creators aren't just trying to find a place for olaf to fit in their design, rather then his original idea to dictate their overall game design.   The only thing that irks me about these comments, or comment on the main forum is NO ONE BUT RIOT HAS THE COMPLETE PICTURE. It is very fair to say "maybe they haven't thought of X", but considering the hours of testing and reiteraions of work they do, all while trying to set that one piece to balance with hundreds of other elements in different contextual scenarios isn't exactly easy.   At the end of the day it's players caring too much over a minor piece of what makes Lol. It's a memorable piece, it was  fun piece, but that minority cannot be given an excuse to cause problems for the majority of other players.   There is no amount of self analyzing, or subjectively trying to justify the limited knowledge every single player posses. Versus the actual objective knowledge of the game Riot is fed through by every single player putting in this experience.   Overall it simply comes down to this: Riot is shown all the problems, and they try to solve or alleviate these problems. People surely have the right to be asked about ideas (which riot has done whether directly or by debating in forum threads with certain forum goers representing certain ideals), but they can't be so upset when someone like Xyph/tiza/Ames/insert rioter comes in and smacks down ideas. It isn't a lack of wanting to try, but either past experience has shown it not to work (at that time at least), or all signs in the system reject that notion.   They definately know where they want Olaf, the only problem is they actually are trying to care about the sect of olaf players who loved that champion. And this creates a situation where they can have Olaf done no problem, but at the cost of completely destroying and creating him anew. They will try to preserve his identity considering he is not a lost cause like sorakka.
1	I had his happen last night and thought it was going to be the shortest game ever. We had Tryndamere, Udyr, Warwick, Shyvanna and Nunu.. so yes a little harass with Nunu, but we were up against Lux, Ez, Volibear,  Sona and Kassadin. They had all of our towers down before we had touched one of theirs. We won a team battle and were able to knock out their inhib in one big push. Turned out to be an epic 34 minute battle and we came back and won. Was much more fun than we thought it would be. Sorry for the wall, just wanted to share that it's not always a bad thing.
0	Too long on Reddit ruined me. I live for
1	there's different ways to play gragas atm, this was meant to split and wave clear, ong's is meant for kill pressure ant teamfighting, like, going ham and kill a squishy. Dyrus did pretty well, TSM just got outscaled and didn't recognized their momentum or capitalized on it (b4 yasuo's 3rd item) forzing objectives
1	What you have to consider is that there are a lot of ways to play and build a champ. Skarner may have good niche potential when built and user the right way, but the way he is used and the compositions he is picked into just aren't ideal for him.   What you also have to keep in mind is that certain champions are perfectly viable but every champ has a playstyle that counters his, if the meta favours this playstyle the champion won't do well in a lot of matches but is not necessarily weak.
1	Let's run some numbers on BOTRK vayne vs Trinity Vayne     Gold costs are similar (3628 vs 3200), so we'll throw in another dagger in to the BOTRK for the balancing question.     Crit% is essentially over long periods a % increase to AA damage, so I'll factor that accordingly     On trinity vayne, we'll assume you are maxing Q first, and W on a BOTRK vayne.  I'll take this at level 9 in both cases     BOTRK has life steal and a nice active.  I am going to say that if the damage is similar, the BOTRK will win because of this in a 1v1 situation, and because lifesteal is very nice on vayne due to getting outranged in lane     Runes not included because they will be equal or similar     Tumble is a potential AA reset.  I'm going to give both a generous and a non-generous estimate on how effective of a reset this is, one assuming instant free auto with no animation delay, and one assuming no AA reset.     I'm not throwing in the condemn damage and resulting silver bolts application here, as it's annoying to calculate and we'll assume is saved to be situational and will have a similar effect in both cases       Ok, caveats done.  To damage:   BOTRK build:  AA Damage: Base AD(50 + 3.25 / level @ level 9 = 79.25 ) + BOTRK AD (25) = 104.25 + 5% current HP Attack Speed: 0.658 (+3.1% / level @ level 9 = +27.9% ) + BORTK AS (40%) + Dagger AS (12%) = 1.184 Effective AS, perfect reset (+1 auto every 5s) = +.2 = 1.384  Tumble Damage (level 2): 135% AD = 140.74 every 5s Silver Bolts Damage(level 5): 60 true + 8% maxHP true / 3 autos   DPS, generous: AA: 144.28 + 6.92% currentHP Tumble: 7.30 Silver Bolts: 27.65 + 3.67% maxhp  Total: 179.23 +  6.92% currentHP + 3.67% maxhp   DPS, pessimistic: AA: 123.43 + 5.92 % currentHP Tumble: 7.30 Silver Bolts: 23.72 + 3.16% maxhp  Total: 154.45+  5.92% currentHP + 3.16% maxhp   On to trinity force:   AA Damage: Base AD(50 + 3.25 / level @ level 9 = 79.25 ) + TF AD (30) = 109.25 Attack Speed: 0.658 (+3.1% / level @ level 9 = +27.9% ) + TF AS (30%) = 1.039 Effective AS, perfect reset (+1 auto every 2s) = +.5 = 1.539 Tumble Damage (level 5): 150% AD + 200%baseAD sheen proc = (163.875+158.5) = 321.75 every 2s Silver Bolts Damage(level 2): 30 true + 5% maxHP true / 3 autos Crit modifier: +10% AA damage   DPS, generous: AA: 168.14 Tumble: 106.25 Silver Bolts: 15.38 + 2.56% maxHP true  Total: 289.77 +  2.56% maxHP true   DPS, pessimistic: AA: 124.87 Tumble: 106.25 Silver Bolts: 10.39 + 1.73% maxhp  Total: 245.51 + 1.73% maxhp   So its nearly 100 DPS difference across both estimates in favor of the trinity force.   I actually didn't expect that. At all.  That 200% sheen proc on the 2 second tumble with a maxed Q is huge.  The only real worry is that you only further scale that Q with cooldown reduction, not so much on attack speed.  This might be good for a certain type of midgame power spike, especially with an extended laning phase, but it will delay your lategame damage that is all about stacking attack speed with silver bolts.   I didn't factor Final Hour into the calculations, but it actually synergizes with this decently, mostly on adding the stealth to the 2-second tumble, and the attack damage being multiplied on the tumble attacks as well.   If you wanted to go into a traditional lategame build, you could build a BT and continue with the normal build with the trinity force taking the place of the phantom dancer.  If you really wanted to abuse it though, you could build CDR boots and even a black cleaver to get close to the CDR cap.   A full build path trying to abuse trinity force might look like this:   TF/Ionian boots -> BT -> Black Cleaver -> Infinity Edge -> Mercurial Scimitar   That gets your tumble down to 1.5 second CD. This could be very nice, especially in someplace like top lane where you get to abuse someone without a long AA range.   CONCLUSION  AKA
1	i know everyone has their favorite player and such, but theres so many "i want azure cats" in this comment section i dont really get it.   there was a reason why jiji was replaced by link, it wasnt cause hotshot hated him or he wasnt dedicated or w/e it was just link was better, jiji didnt bring much special to the team back then.. its not like oh he got kicked cause he was just too entertaining and crazy playstyle (and thats why fans love watching him), it was just he was subpar to link.
0	Nobody should be required to go to these events. But I can tell you if I have an employee that shows a patter of just getting the minimum done I know who I'm going to use development hours on and who I'm not.   If you just want to do the minimum, you send a clear message to management that you're just a body who's content to be a little cog and not worth wasting training time on.   We are social animals, and business usually work more efficiently if employees can connect and communicate more effectively. Events like this help interactions for most employees. If you don't want to participate in that process, you are welcome to do so. But don't complain about your dead-end job or how Steve got a promotion ahead of you because he 'brown-nosed' his way to the top.
0	Sorry to disagree but that just isn't true. If you like sex as much as she/he does and/or are willing to experiment or whatever, then it can be positive. Unfortunately, if your partner shares interesting experiences with lots of people in lots of places and you simply know you aren't in the same place I would imagine it can feel very negative regardless of how confident and secure you are in general. It sucks when you realize you aren't with the right person for whatever reason.
1	You're right, but the thing that makes dota more interesting when it comes to towers is the tower priority. I think league dives are safer for the diver because all it takes is a slightly weak lane and a minion wave to dive. The person being dived in dota can take the creeps behind the tower and sort of fend off dive easy.
0	My experience is that you shouldn't look at the list of qualifications as absolute requirements. Sometimes the HR folks are told something like: "We need 3 people and they need to do A, B, C, D, and we would love it if one of them could also do X, Y,Z."  HR goes OK, and generates the list of required skills for the positions: "A,B,C,D,X,Y,Z"   In reality they would be happy with one person who could do A and B, another who could do B and C and another that could do C and D, and a little of Y.   Another thing I have seen is some company manages to hire a frikin brilliant person straight out of college, then the person moves on to greener (better paying) pastures in a year or two. Now the company keeps open a position for superman to work at entry level pay. And, somehow they can never fill the position.
0	I wouldn't be so quick to judge the guy, I don't go to my dad or my sister's graves, haven't in about 5 years.   It's not because I'm not over it, they both died a long time ago. I just don't see the point in going. That's doesn't make me a scumbag, just like OP's cousin isn't a scumbag.   I'm only 21 so maybe in a few years I'll start visiting and maybe in a few years OP's cousin will change his mind too.
1	It's funny, I've never had better times in ranked than since I got Plat few weeks ago. Now I don't really know if people rage more or less, harder or softer than in lower Tiers, but im pretty damn sure about one thing : I stopped being as serious as I was before (ya know da gold kiddies i didnt want to hang out with), and the only difference I could notice is that now, I don't need to mute people to be able to ignore them anymore (map awareness didn't improve that much tho...)
0	He's only half black so only half of him is 3/5 of a human being.
1	Mean people everywhere in life not just games. Willpower and good outlook on life can change everything depression is a temporary state and anyone without drugs can get out.   Trolls are everywhere in life and games if you can't take it without actually getting away happier, I say people are not doing it right. Learn to troll first then interact with them it does wonders.
0	Upvotes are a function of time that when graphed, is an asymptote that approaches zero as time increases.
1	From what I've been playing with it seems as if the people who you are playing with/against are a prime determining factor in how many points you receive.  I am currently a silver 5 but when I play with some gold friends they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win while I get 20-30 league points. I played with a few bronze friends later and I was the one getting a few points, and then after an afk for a loss, I lost a huge chunk of points. The reason I lost so many points is from losing to people with such a lower hidden matchmaking rating.
0	As the parent of a child who suffers permanent mental damage from complications from a vaccine I strongly advise people with young children to ensure their child is completely healthy before getting a vaccine. Even then, only give your child one set of vaccines at a time and space them out about a month apart.  There is no justification for giving a child more than 3 vaccines at a time.  Consider that each common vaccine, MMR and DPT, are three combined vaccines.  Each year there are thousands of children permanently damaged, physically and mentally, from the complications from vaccines.  My advice to all parents is that if your doctor insists on having a series of vaccinations all at once, he/she doesn't trust you to come back and complete the vaccination series.  Your doctor should trust you to have your child's best interests and respect that you only want to give your child the vaccines one at a time and when he/she is healthy.  Trust goes two ways.  And btw, It's not Jenny's fault people are sheep and don't do their own research.
1	As a plat player, communication more than often loses game rather than winning. The only important communication you should bother doing is in champion select and pings. I refer to the "typing effect". My teammates or the enemy will often type to their opponents or their allies in a sort of rage or in an effort to make their teammate correct some behavior (Go attack him... Go... Go...Go, etc). This means that the person typing is concentrated on his team and what his teammates are doing rather than himself. You should not have to communicate in this method, and it (in my experience  1k ranked games ) is often detrimental to yourself. Pings are short and concise and get MOST messages across. Want to do baron? Ping. Want to call mia? Send three caution pings from the last known location towards the direction he is going. Want a teammate to attack? Ping the opponent.   This is not to say ALL communication in game via the chat is a bad thing. Certainly, some things help. You should discuss some strategies and what you believe you (please only you, if you tell others what to do they rage in solo queue) can do better while there is downtime, such as walking to lane. But in my experience, communication is more often than not detrimental to the winning state of mind.
1	like it matters,   still oneshots every adc in my book and i feel like his ult is even more rerarded, if they make it like akali R i would be alot more balanced. other options are to give him a passive no clip ms R instead of a usable R or to just give R a real cooldown and it creates a buff wich last for X time in wich he can cast as many ults as he wants/can but if X time is over dashing is over to.   u wont ever get away from him on alot of champs, hugging walls is suicide and it doesnt realy matter if stand 'safe'. kass SS is like a luftalarm telling me to leave town or be part of the rubble.   removing his silence is good and rather lame at the same time from both perspectives, so u can stop fiddle like quinn can but why does it even do that still, its either silence to stop them from casting w an average to high cd or its a shield.   if u want him to cruise like a tazmanian devil then dont let him oneshot,   if u want him to oneshot dont let him be a tazmanian devil.   if u want him to silence then do so, but dont give that lil extra just to have ONE MORE extra option to stop the few fragile channels.   problem lies with how direct his damage output is imo. he is a mix of akali udyr victor.   akali has to Q and proc it to do real damage, same for lb but thats a diffrent story..   if akali Q on u, u know u are in trouble if u dont play care but akali has  to time and manage stacks and procs to be realy effective altho less experienced akalis can still do the basics its about starting the chain.   nobody runs from marathon udyr on his own but he is kiteable.   victor trades by Q nuke and should come out on top based on the shield. and his real tricks are still skillshot based 'kinda'   w kassa its just locate target jump faceroll jump/flash to safety, repeat until win.   his early laning isnt as bad as people realy prenteded it to be.. and he is to hard to punish after 6, i have a 10/10 winrate in ranked with the void the 10 games gathered only by being first pick and him not being banned by redside last season.   back in those days the zeds were still real and the kha was not only scary by his Q, whiped every single one of them home w defense masteries and maxing W bitchslapping, chasing and destroying them to the nexus and back if i wanted to.   kassa is a design flaw and if its all clicky or triangle based, then scalings are a terror, i laughed my ass of when i read hes mana based now... i mean like comon?   pick a game design and stick to it, ryze would like old banshees back and the line in patchnotes after his back to back nerfnotes are still haunting me..   we nurfed the range of all spells on ryze cus he was to big of a problem for the backline...   HAVE U SEEN HOW MANY TIMES I PRESSED Q RITO HIS HANDS MOVE BUT HIS BALLS DONT FLY!!! ROGUE OR ROUGEMAGE??   they were right in some way every other midlaner makes sure the enemy doesnt have a backline to start with... btw who or what is in this back line anyway? adc? the range of pritty much any spell is double of most of adcs basic attackrange the BASIC movespeed of every champ is higher then any adc (unless ults or passives)   adcs have no cc or time to react to monstrosities like kassadin imo.   if im the queen of slows and im kiting why are the enemies still running laps around me?..   2weeks ago i walked past cait to ult her to my tower as janna, i didnt slow her and she wasnt standing still. she had T2 boots i had my passives.   if im ashe and slow kassa its just a minor inconvenience as his cooldowns will be up again before i launched my 3th shot, assuming if i had barrier and flash to start with   ap burst in general should go down w exceptions to some like nidspear which should stay the same. i do want midlaners to be valid, just give them less manacost or regen early so they can still harras. but if u lost one trade its just counting down until vi comes along and towers are gone.   same points count for the AD assasins tbh. for example zeds damage is fine but playing him means u have a korean passport pre 6. u get bullied hard in lane. but if he gets his precious arpen then he can oneshot any adc w half a rotation..   same for riven, wich is a rather dificult case imo. the damage is real but unless your boxbox and know every inch of rivens animations and perform the smoothest animationcancels ever.. u just gona have a bad time.. the reason i brought this up is cus riven wasnt a problem for a very long time. she kinda was but nobody realy played her except a chosen few. on release she had like tripple the health regen BASE compared to any champ now she has 1/3th of the second champ on the bottom of the regen list. this means that rito wants her to be the 'i do it all perfect' oneshot, but doesnt like regen in general wich is kinda odd as laning does feel rather boring atm is it not?   ofc u make all the plays u want but deep inside u know that one mistake or 50health  short will end up costing u the whole laningphase these days..   best way to make alot of anomalies balanced is to relook at almost every champs base stats and figure what u want them to be.   if u want a champ to be the best poker ingame then dont let him run oom after 2 spells.   if u want a champ to be a melee squishy let him have regen   if u want a champ to become tanky then make him tanky w lesser basedamage   if u want adcs to be weaker early then fix it in per lvl stats   if u want assasins to stop adcs then do it but leave a window open for retaliation if he makes a mistake   if u want weird supports or killanes bot then allow it but dont let it be annie vs 2 and a quick Q from cait for easy double and a GG best cait world. still no ad support items   if u want nukes then buy em but do realise that nukes have a cd and diplomatic problems after use, any adc escape is double and in some case tripple the average dashtime. any spell they use consumes 30% mana while others with no recources attacked have no problems and such low cooldowns that even AA in between walking is becomming so dangerous and almost irrelivant. the so called backline is always in range of everything and if engaged no summonerspell in the world will save u.   so
0	Story time!   Disclaimer: I'm as white as they come.   When I was little I loved rice and it was all I ever ate. So much that my parents used to joke that I was chinese. So this one time, in kindergarten class, we were learning about countries and nationalities and the teacher asked me what country was I born in, to which I replied "China!". The teacher was doubtful so at the end of the day she asked my parents about it. When my mom explained to me that I wasn't in fact born in China I cried for hours.
0	There's specific news services (BBC News, Reuters, AP) and newspapers (The Guardian, Washington Post, New York Times) that are good, but really, just not watching TV news makes a huge difference in static/signal you'll get, imo. Even the front page of sites like CNN's or Fox News have much more relevant information and stories than their actual TV broadcasts. Though sometimes it requires some digging into the 'national' and 'international' sections.   Google News is also good for getting lots of stories from a variety of sources all in one place.
0	I see. If you are surrounded by professionals with lots of opinion, what solution can you give for your fellow students who just graduated with zero experience if you think volunteering is not a good move?
1	For me it wasn't that Arcade Sona and DJ Sona are similar, just that I can't imagine a Sona main that wouldn't have arcade. It's such a great skin already that piling another great skin on top of it is kind of weird. Especially when there are other champions that are fairly meh in the skin selection category.   With Ezreal and Udyr's ultimates, they were for champions without a selection of excellent skins. Not so with Sona.
0	You see, you seem keen to stick to the only thing that you have any ground with. I've moved past my comment. I've acknowledged that my statement was over exaggerated and I've said my mea culpas. Obviously, you have nothing else to contribute to the topic because you seem adamant to stick to the  ONE  thing you got right. You also got something wrong, yet you don't see me blasting you across the internet and back because you made an exaggerated statement. I am no longer defending my statement that  most  Americans use firearms to defend their homes, yet you seem to think i am. However, in contrary to your statement,  most  Americans that own guns claim that their purpose is for crime prevention. It doesn't matter if you think that statistics are faulty or not, until you collect the data yourself, the statistics are what they are and that's what we're going by.
0	i just hate when someone refers to themselves as a 'redditor'. reddit is not some hive-mind like everyone likes to assume, there are all sorts of different people on reddit and as you said most of them are assholes. in fact i'm sure most of you think i'm an asshole because its the internet and i don't give a fuck who i offend.
0	Actually I just reminded myself of another karma related occasion.  In first grade I sat next to a kid who also was named Luke.  We had to be quiet for some reason, but I decided to be an A-hole and talk to the people around me.  Anyways teacher heard me, then said "Luke, put your name on the board!"  (Putting your name on the board meant no recess for you.) The teacher continued her work, and I turned to the Luke on my right, nudged him, and whispered to him to put his name on the board.  He looked at me in disbelief and actually wrote it down.  He asked me later what he had done to deserve the punishment, and I responded that I had not the faintest clue.
0	About a year ago, my mouth broke out in sores.  After consulting the "experts" at CVS, the pharmacist told me I had the herps.  I was furious.  I'd only been with two men at the time, and both had been kissless virgins before me.  I went to the doctor to get tested and ranted profusely because now I'm assuming I have a disease that, though mostly cosmetic, is going to be with me the rest of my life, and I saw no way I could have gotten it without one of my previous lovers cheating on me.   My doctor gave me a pat on the back and told me not to go get the shotgun just yet. He looked at me and said "herpes is so easy to spread and can take so long to show up.  You probably got it from grandma's kisses when you were little."   It wound up being an allergic reaction to something or other.  I still don't know what set it off, btw.
0	You've received many words of encgouragement, but here's something else.   Last year I was super frustrated about never having been in a relationship. I spoke with a few of my friends and they had a unanimous agreement that you can't make it a mission or a task, to find a companion.   But I said fuck that! I took the best of both worlds.   Just be more aware and act like you have someone important. That way you'll be more friendly because there's no endgame. Every body becomes easy and fun to talk to. Stop thinking, I have to impress her or wondering what she thinks of you.   I was super into a friend of mine 3 years ago. We  just  got together and she's the best thing in my life.
1	I think i have a better idea. After someone leaves the leaver receives no gold and the remaining 4 players gain 3 gp/10 on top of the 13gp/10 base. As well as receiving a buff for the 4 players (similar to baron buff but toned down a lot). Until their 5th reconnects that is.   EDIT: Idea already posted, but there was no
1	Well in a roaming support meta, those are all the skills you need.   Since the jungle change and the emphasis on having at least four sources of cc on a team (preferably aoe and/or hard cc), a level 4 three man gank on mid, top, or hell even jungle, is pretty common. I've seen it done successfully (participating some of those instances) playing as Annie and Leona support.
1	You know today wasn't a complete loss for Cloud9, they should at least be able to take away that a win is possible vs SKT. > If the team that played yesterday was the same, confident team that competed in the LCS, they might have been able to pull out a victory. C9 is a much better team than they give themselves credit for. Not saying they will ALWAYS dominate, but instead they would stand a chance on the worlds stage. >
0	First of all, personal finances are fungible. The bear minimum cost of raising a child is often far more than the amount required by child support (It is estimated that the cost of raising a single child into adulthood is 1 million dollars.). For a father to say that any money the mom spends on herself was 'his' money is entirely unfalsifiable unless the mother has no income at all. You could just as easily say that she used his money to raise the children and her money to put herself through college.   To illustrate this, let's take an example where the father marks his bills with a blue marker and the mother marks her bills with a pink one. So long as the cost of the mother's education and meals is within the cost of her income she can purchase it with all pink bills and do all child spending with the father's blue bills. Now, suppose we have the same scenario, except we mix up the spending of the blue bills and the pink bills and keep a record of where each is spent. All of a sudden, the father can claim, but she's spending my child support money for the attainment of her assets. While, in this circumstance, what the father says is true, we could still easily arrange the former circumstance(where she only used pink bills on herself) or even the inverse of the former circumstance (in which she spent only the blue marked bills, his money, on herself). At the end of the day, so long as the spending categories don't exceed the limits of their budgets (the number of bills marked the color indicating where they can be spent) within a spending period, you can always rearrange the bill spending so that she spent only her income on herself or only his income on herself while still achieving the exact same effect of material wealth and standard of living. Thus, a person from outside, who didn't have the ledger of which bills were spent where would see either version of the family with the lifestyle and be unable to determine which was which.   Finally, a father could counterfactually argue that were it not for his child support, she could not afford to go to college. Of course, this is likely true, but then, the mother could counterfactually argue, were it not for the cost of rearing their children, she could afford to go to college. Since it is true that in the case where the father would not have to pay child support (the case where they did not make a baby together) the mother could afford to go to college and that in the case where the father would have to pay child support (the case where they did make a baby together) the mother could afford to go to college, the mother's going to college is not contingent upon whether or not the father must pay child support, considering that, were he not having to pay, she would not have children and still be able to go.   Coupling this with the fungibility of money above, the father doesn't have a leg to stand on, unless the mother is spending beyond the means of her own personal income and dipping into the father's blue bills.
1	Ugh, Google is freaking insane with their copyrights, YouTube went off an edge of this a while ago...   And one kinda important thing: You all know what Twitch was made for, right? Video Games. If the video game creator copyrighted their music, guess what? That game is now basically unwatchable on VODs. And considering how if the system picks up ONE bit of copyrighted music, it'll result in a fully muted (commentary? What's that?) VOD for HALF AN HOUR. Overkill, stupid, and overreacting. Okay, it's Google.
0	His name was Ryan. I later turned into someone that makes Scumbag Steve look like Good Guy Greg. Last time I saw him he was trying to act "Gangsta" and threatend to set his "crew" on me if I disrespected him. I told him to fuck off and shit himself like he did when he was 8. He took a swing at me and was rewarded with a broken nose, 3 missing teeth and a severe winding from a knee to the sternum. His crew stood and laughed as he cried. I used to be the weakling because I was scared to fight but in the 3 years since he'd moved away I went through a lot and it made me a fighter.
1	Actually, the buggy thing is that her 3rd Q cast slams the ground instantly, and the animation of Riven doing a front flip comes later, what isn't supposed to happen. And also when you want to do 3rd Q and fast W, it feels delayed as fuck.
0	I have a story as well:   In Toronto, this company was having a video game tournament and I arrived late, not knowing it was going on.   One of the games there in the tournament was Mario Kart Wii. I was forced to enter as a wild card, and I had to win every single race I was in to get to the finals.   I forget how many races there were before the finals but I pulled that shit off, getting first in every one. I'd drawn a crowd at this time.   Finally, the finals vs this other guy who managed to get 1st in every race but one. He was really good, and got 3 firsts in a row. (Best of 7) - But he started getting cocky at this point.   Fast forward. I get 3 firsts and it's game 7. Final lap, Koopa Cape, coming up to that final jump. He's in 1st and I'm in 2nd. I have nothing, he's going to win. He stupidly drops behind me at the question box to get something and ends up in 5th (or something) and gets a blue shell. I ended up with a mushroom.   So he shoots the blue shell at me and smirks, easily passing up to second and waiting till it hits me. I hit my mushroom as the blue shell is overhead and I blast through the blue shell and over the line. I win, by one point.
1	No offense, but pick order regulates the ladder.  Players who can only play limited roles will show it in their win/loss ratio, and as such not rise in rank.  Good players can manipulate the draft pick to their advantage by making unconventional choices.  Bad players don't know how to play around picks.  In the end, draft pick lets players make choices based on previous player's picks that they are comfortable with.  Competitive team play is FAR different than solo queue.  Their picks and meta are narrowed due to factors unique to the competitive format, which are limited in solo queue.
0	Don't get mad, get even, passive aggressive style and drive the fucker mad.   Nothing new or original: setup a tindr profile for him + write his number on toilet cubicles. Express interest with Jehovas Witness/religious groups on his behalf, hide a small fish in his truck. Basically break the fucker...I'm sure the fine folk of reddit can add to this list.
0	OP "dated" an Asian girl. So should at least be able to differentiate between girls that look like her and girls that don't.
1	As an Ashe main, it's hard to play Ashe every game. You really have to know when to pick her as opposed to a safer hero like Caitlyn. If the other team has a lot of hard engagers or gap closers and your team doesn't have a front line then it's nearly impossible to do well as Ashe or a similar adc like Varus. In order to play Ashe, you need to know when it's okay to pick Ashe, otherwise you're probably going to end up feeding.   It takes quite a few games to know when it's okay and when it's not okay to play her. For example, I see Nocturne as being the most difficult to deal with pick against Ashe, even to the point where I will not pick her if they haven't locked in a jungler because I know that game would be significantly more difficult to come out on top. Other picks like Leona and Maokai make me wary to pick her, but a lot of the times I can pick her anyways because I hev confidence in my play. You really just have to know how to fit her into a team comp, and make sure she's not going to get owned by the other team. She very much so fills a niche role in the game, she has her insanely powerful strengths and her incredibly abusable weaknesses, and once you know how to manipulate those you end up with a great carry who is one of the best teamfighters in the game. Otherwise, some guy just wants to play Ashe regardless of team comps and gets demolished, blaming it on the hero being shit, not himself.
1	Not exactly me, but my housemate does that.  He studies engineering as I do, but is way less willing to spend the time I spend on league and thus just watches Lcs(In his case CBLOL -  the Brazilian lcs).   He also got that rusty ass laptop he doesn't bother cleaning up so he just lags every now and then.
1	Hi, I'd refer you to the comments below (and suggest you actually read the post properly! The
1	From the site:   >Hi, For the better part of my life Ive been a dreamer. I wanted to be an astronaut, then I wished to be a mad scientist, after that I settled with being a casual scientist. Now I am content being a student in a lab and hopefully, climbing up the ladder when years go by.   >It doesnt matter that I lost my ability to dream  I just did that while playing video-games. I used to play a lot of games until I stumbled upon League of Legends  it stole my heart instantly. And this is when I created my first and only account. I cared for it dearly  never had I been banned, always had I watched what Im typing even when situations seemed really miserable and telling someone to munch on a big bag of d looked like the only solution. I felt flattered with every teamwork or honourable opponent I got, because, well, I knew I was worth it. This wasnt and still isnt just a game for me  I grew up together with this account. I learned how to work through difficulties to reach victory: how to be patient with people, how to help out your teammates, because no matter how unskillful they might look  these are the people you need to communicate with in order to reach the goal. I learnt that sometimes its much better to stay silent and sometimes you need to be brave enough to call the shots at difficult moments with all the responsibility that comes together with the power. I remember when I was in my first job interview and I was asked a question: do you think you are able to work in a team? I almost started laughing, because this question seemed so naive when I was picturing teamfights and me looking out for everyone, shifting focus according to the situation, saving your teammates, eliminating enemies, maybe sacrificing someone or even yourself. I think League of Legends really taught me this crucial skill.   >However, not everything I learnt was in Summoners Rift. After finishing high school a lot of my friends chose to study abroad and this game helped us to maintain our friendships  we were sharing our old experiences and creating new ones with the help of LoL. I spent countless nights arguing over the tactics with my best friends, we would be having LoL parties or watching World Championships all together for hours. This account symbolizes my best years  when I was laughing to tears from the hilarious rants enemies wrote, from crazy Blitzs hooks, from failed flashes or from stolen Barons with Jannas hurricanes. Of course, sometimes, I was so furious about the mistakes that I did, about the firstbloods that could have been averted, about the Zhonyas, which I used to remember after the fights and maybe lie a little when asked about it was on cd, sorry.   >Sadly, it is time for me to get a little bit older, leave the little girl that I was in the past and become a responsible woman. I need to write my Masters, I need to take care of my grandma, both financially and socially, I need to learn how to get to sleep without hearing Welcome to Summoners Rift at least once.   >Hopefully, you will take care of this beloved account just as I did.   >With love, >Leona
1	Build resistances, not health.   If you farm efficiently, you should be going for  full tank.  Getting a RoA and all of those other items sure will get you 100AP and will make you hit a little bit higher, but you're a tank first and foremost. From my own experience, I find building resistances over AP is much better. You don't need health because your Feast gives you them (try to not lose them!). I usually go for a FoN first and then go for an Armor item. From there, I either get a Wit's End (good MR shred and auto attacking does more damage than you think) or just some more resistances. By now, you should be basically unkillable and now I start going for some damage.   I don't buy AP because I believe that Q and W is used for CC and the damage you get from it is less than just buffing your auto attacks. Plus, since you're Cho'Gath, you'll be able to go up in the face of their carries and auto attack them down.
1	God damn you protect that AD dealing wizard on your team and you God damn die if it means that little guy gets a 5 man, because your job soldier, your job is to make sure the damage dealer do what he do and what he do is deal that damage. But if you have a good support/another tank you may have to adapt to the role of forcing their carries out of a fight by CC'ing and just jumping straight on them like a bunny in heat.
0	I wasn't bullied (only due to me making it known I had black belt in martial arts), but I was a complete geek and hung out with complete geeks who got bullied (mentally and physically).  My solution?  I dropped out after 10th grade by getting my parents to tell the school system I was being homeschooled, got my GED at 16 and went to college.  Best decision I ever made.  Software Engineer now and at 27, I'm making more now than what I set for a goal when I was 40.  In other words, you won't miss anything that you can't learn in college.   My wife, on the other hand, had an excellent high school experience and cannot relate at all to my school experience.
0	It's easy. She stuffed her tongue into someone elses mouth. So I stuffed anti-freeze in his gas tank and verbally assaulted her to tears as to how fucked up she was.  She tried to kill herself and I didn't care.  I'm not saying what I did was right, but it definitely got my point across. It's not that I don't care about her, but I just tend to burn bridges and sometimes those that are on the other side tend to get burned.
1	I think the biggest issue with this passive is that riot complained about the old passive doing nothing for late game draven, while a gold passive DOES ABSOLUTELY NOTHING FOR A FULL BUILD DRAVEN. I know the argument that tf's kit does fine with a gold passive seems plausible but the truth is TF's kit has so much more utility than draven's and a lot more mapwide pressure. All draven had was being a great lane bully, and he can't really lane bully that effectively with such a huge hit to his early damage... Especially in higher elo's where it's very unlikely you'll be slaughtering the enemy bot. The new passive is functionally useless unless snowballing, and even than the old passive had a higher gold value in terms of damage.
1	So hosting a game to have fun will get me banned?   If that's true I go to DotA straight away. Sorry but this is retarded.   If it's IN the code we did not "hack" anything. We just opened a feature that's not there yet.
0	Actually taking this advice turned me into a Scumbag Steve though. When I was in college I moved in with the girl I was dating at the time and about 4 months into our year long lease she decided she wanted to cheat on me with one of my instructors. I was pretty messed up about the whole situation and really had no interest in even going to the school any more after the school decided to do absolutely nothing to either the teacher or my ex. My first reaction was to try to move out, but the lease agreement made it to where unless I subleased it to someone or all parties came together to sign me off of the lease (all parties being the ex, her father who was the guarantor, and myself), I was stuck there. I decided fuck everything about that place and moved back home leaving her and her father stuck with all the financial obligations. I stopped paying rent (about 440) we split utilities but only the power bill was in my name (about 200) she was already taking care of cable/internet and paying me the difference for her half of the power bill, and I stopped paying for the Disney Passes we got in my name (I have no idea if they continued to pay for that or not but Disney quit sending me late bills so they either gave up or were getting the money somehow). The details that I have left out can be summed up as she was unsure of her feelings towards me whenever we signed the lease and was hoping things would get better and her father contacted a lawyer, I told him I would be happy to settle things in court and he backed down when his lawyer found out that his daughter led me on to sign a legally binding contract under false pretenses.
1	Im not sure either, but I think the main point was that there were random ping jumps in the game which made the experience worse, and it was annoying that they had to wait 10-60 minutes just to find a match and then in the match they had random ping jumps.
0	I think the reason women get so defensive is because everyone else tells us what we can and cannot do with out bodies from the second we hit sexual maturity. As soon as we grow some boobs and curves we're told how to dress and act or else we are sluts and asking for it. There are members in congress who in 2013 want to tell women they can't have access to birth control or abortions no matter what the reason for needing them may be. We should just stick an aspirin between our knees!   Then when you get pregnant oh god...you're an awful selfish mother if you drink, smoke, have caffeine, get your hair colored, get you nails done, work out to much, work out to little, gain to much weight, gain to little weight, eat sushi, eat cold cuts and so on.  I'm not advocating known dangerous activities while pregnant like drinking and smoking but it seems like society thinks it has a right to dictate what rights women have and don't have with their bodies.   Then once your baby is born you better breastfeed and if you don't well then you better have what other people have decided is a damn good reason. If not then you're just selfish and only care about yourself and your precious boobies!   So to my point; even though you yourself may not be judging women who are not breastfeeding, it is still very hard not to become defensive if you can't and /or choose not to for your own personal and private reasons.
1	I disagree. I Played about 180 warwick games in Diamond during this past season with a winrate of 70% so stating that he wasn't that strong before would be inaccurate. It's more that people didn't know how to build warwick to make him a success. Now considering the new smites and the fact that most of the junglers don't gank as often as before means that hitting level 6 without much threat is much easier. Now considering you can get a free ff+10 item for only 2.2k amps up your damage tremendously. You spike a lot sooner in terms of solo dmg.
