0	This doesn't relate to your main point, but addresses the "bro code." The usage of the "code" has evolved to encompass general social obligations hetero males have to each other and varies among different groups. One can spin many actions into the code, as it isn't strictly defined.   For example, if a friend tells a bro's SO about how the bro was bragging about cheating, it could violate the code on grounds of confidentiality. But that friend could counter with "cheating violates the code" or "getting me involved in your infidelity" as violations.
1	The point of changing Banshee had nothing to do with Ryze, it was bad for several reasons and when specter cowl got introduced to improve MR options for lane (back when AP was dominating top lane) it just got changed because it made more sense :     catalyst just made little sense in build path because it was mostly a late game defense items for carries (back when tanks were better off with FoN or Spirit Visage), you would buy the item late in the game when catalyst passive is wasted      if you didn't need the mana before that point you don't need it at that point either (except for Ryze but it wasn't really broken on him anyway)      mana makes it a shitty item for manales champions and they wanted MR items to be better for tanks as well when banshee got changed (again back in AP top domination, ie. Elise/Rumble/Vlad/Kennen/Singed/Zac)       So there would be no problem having a supportive item build out of catalyst with resist. It wouldn't even be good on Ryze, Ryze needs to rush RoA and Tear, then depending on how the game goes there are several paths :     Snowballing - Seraph -> Void for maximum damage   Need MR - Spirit Visage - for CDR and MR and improving his ult spellvamp      Need Armor - Frozen Heart - Mana/CDR/Armor        Even if it gave MR instead of AP Spirit Visage would be a better pickup, not to mention that two catalyst passives don't stack and wouldn't very efficient.
1	yeah, a friend of mine also deleted the game only to download it again a few days later. Such a drama queen move.  As for the best ragequit, well....I was playing a game where my mid(Brand) was feeding like a baws and at one point he was just strolling around the map and bumps into a Kennen who was at 50% hp. My Brand misses all his skillshots and Kennen gets away with like 30 hp, at the same time, Brand was also fleeing because he had 80 or so hp. My jungler commented on this matter and merely said "noob Brand" and this guy goes in base and afk's because the jungler apparently flamed him and hurt his feelings. We almost won that game in 4 but alas, we lost yet another ranked game because of some troll(also, I check his profile in the following days and he didn't seem to get punished for it. He didn't really exit the game but it's still a ragequit.
1	Man, fabs, you've made a lot of ridiculous posts defending Thorin & his shitty show.   I understand that you like Thorin for some reason, but how can you deny what minos is saying? Thorin barely even plays the game, he is lower ranked than the average viewer of his show, which is just plain sad, and yet he talks to people like he understands the game better than anyone else. It's like watching someone who doesn't even play the game, harshly and constantly criticizing the professionals.   His sole purpose is to cause drama, because it's the only way he can stay relevant with his lack of knowledgeable content. It's about to bite him in the ass though because people are finally catching on - they're starting to realize that they need to boycott all of his content to get rid of him.
1	To clarify this, it is possible for a note-taking/speech to text reporter to do live, remote 'subtitles' and there ARE professionals who do this as their full time job. I am an electronic note taker so can do such things, however it would not be verbatim.   Speech to Text Reporters are qualified to do around 150-200 Words Per Minute, which is roughly around the speed of the casting that is currently set as a standard. If Riot would like I have contacts, if any rioter who doesn't have my contact and wants to trial a system with note taking professionals ask Tiza or Janook, and I can pass along my professional contacts.
1	Well, I guess then Sundance should take a look @ tales of the lane (which had better production value, atleast in my opinion) and other bigger tourneys which probably run at a fraction of the costs MLG has.
1	We've known since Quakeworld that cross country pings is not conductive to online competitive play.  Hate to break this to you, but Chicago is a bad ping for just as many people as it's a good one.  There's no real decent solution other than to do what every other major game that ping matters in ; release the server executable to the public and let them host their own or host your servers in a variety of different cities to cater to the geography of the united states ala Blizzard   EDIT
0	I think it's situational though, using a working example-if I were dating a girl that would like to dress up in a dinner gown when we're just watching Netflix together on a regular Wednesday evening- would wonder what was wrong with her.. If she wanted to wear a swimsuit top with sweatpants to a wedding or an office job interview, once again, I would once again wonder what was wrong with her. The reason I would question her decision-making is because what we wear is reflective of our situational judgment (i.e. why people wear black at funerals). We might not agree with these norms necessarily but we still follow them knowing that we can empathize with societal bounds that are important to people we care about (the family at the funeral or wedding, for example).   I think people are judged most on how they dress when they are at work or going out (two situations where status is displayed, in one way or another). These two situation are where one's image displays some form of professionalism (in the former, obviously) and attraction (in the latter). Obviously factors such as workplace culture and geographic location (since people dress differently in different parts of the world) or even time period for that matter (people’s definition of dressing well changes over time) are going to create variances in what people wear-but I think you get the point.   As a single person trying to attract a potential significant other, dressing well helps not only accentuate physical characteristics of a person’s features and individual style  but also demonstrates knowledge of aforementioned societal aspects.
1	There  IS  Z-axis on league. Even a rioter said it once in this subreddit, I wish I could find that thread. A simple proof is that if you download some sort of program like LOLReplay, you can change the camera angle of the replays and notice that when champions jump they DO lift off the ground. The champions are also above the ground, not simply "painted" on it. The walls too. Abilities like Ziggs ult too. If there was no Z-axis at all, the game would be 2D (only 2 axis).   What really happens, is not the lack of the Z-axis. The reason why things like this happen is that almost all of the skills ignore the Z-axis. That means that when the game checks if a skillshot is hitting a champion it only does checks for X and Y. If someone is on the X/Y the game is checking for it deals damage, regardless of the champion being high above the ground or not. And that is essential for the game to work, to be honest. Imagine your Alistar Qs someone and because of that you could not hit the enemy champion with a low altitude spell like Ez's Q. That would be incredibly frustrating, although logical. Or even if flying champions could not be hit by ground-based spells. Again, logical yet frustrating/broken.   So please stop downvoting people who say that there is a Z-axis, because they are right. And stop this stupid circlejerk.
1	I hate how every time a pro player or any public figure posts a text there's always a retarded biased wrong
0	It's also the main indicator of a person with serious mental illness.  They are people too.  Self-preservation is good when deciding to leave a mentally stable partner, but doing so when someone is mentally unwell could have severe consequences.   I posted my advice [in a separate comment.](
0	First of all, I'm a 20-year-old student who lives with his mother and siblings. My mother is the one who pays for the internet and all four of us use it.   Second, why should I have cancelled it to give more when I already give enough for the things we need?   Third, I'm not saying people should give up entertainment and hobbies, I'm saying we shouldn't spend fucking fortunes on it when other people really fucking needs it. We're not paying 100,000 dollars per month for our connection here, Internet is something 40% of the world have at this point. It's not only for the 1%.
0	Its safe to say he was dating his mom, they broke up because his dad (also married to his mom) found out. Instead of his dad killing him he brought him food and beers but only after his ex girlfriend/mom (same person) told him to.
1	I'd like to try my hand at expanding on what he said a bit more:   His logic is pretty much right; in the sense that you hinder yourself by mindset and such.   It is a bit insulting when you take it in a way that pretty much says that if you've been playing since Season 2 and are still silver, that you are bad. So lets expand that a bit - If you have been playing since Season 2 and are still silver, you haven't put in the amount of effort to understand every little mechanic and decision going into the game, not just the large ones like dragon, towers buffs etc.   This isn't your fault, however, most people don't know where to start. You could play 100 games starting now for the next month and still not improve by much if you don't have the tools and knowledge to know what you should be working on.   Tons of people write comments and responses to others trying to seek advice by simply saying "Focus on last hitting". But you could go so much deeper than that; Pick a role, play the shit out of normals and/or customs and practice getting your CS rates higher without dying or being forced out of lane as much. Take this, and repeat it to other roles. This will overall improve you last hitting by allowing you to practice(while in live games) improving your CS. Just don't forget about that goal.   This is what people need, harder, more detailed answers rather than Focus on last hitting and improve your decision making.
0	No. People really do judge you if you're a male in a park/playground. Like /u/GotNoms said, some go as far as calling the police. There was a situation once where a guy's daughter was making a scene and crying in a store, and to not disturb/bother others, he picked her up and took her outside. He got the cops called on him. For interacting with his own child... That story ended well, though. The cops saw that it was just his daughter and had a word with the people who called the cops (they had grouped together to watch).
1	I feel like i need to play him more and that so far no one found the 'true' way to play him but here is my opinion of him so far:   Rengar problem is that he invest to much in versatility and he isnt speciallised enought. CHmapions are normaly taken because the excel in one area(cc,ganking,tanking,damaging,bursting,etc) but while he has a bit of everything he just doesnt compare to others in any category.   He has an heal and armor increase and a burst ability and some cc   but he doesnt make them fit together well. He isnt tanky enought, doesnt do enought damage and has trouble with getting in range. If there are no bush near him, he gets kitted endlessly(and they dont even need a slow) because he cannot stick to a target   i tried building him defensive with stuff like phage/aegis/wriggles/randiun and he was doing no damage while still being squishy  and  i tried building him offensive with brutaliser, maw, bloodthirster, trinity and he was dealing way more damage(but less than othe class canon) but was even squishier.   even going all out defensive and use the proc for the heal, you still are squishier than 80% of other top and jungler. and if you build glass canon, you dont do as much damage as most   I feel like riot needs to rework his roar/heal. Make spammable like his Q but make the heal a lot weaker and make the damage weaker to. This will give him more constant sustain in the jungle and will allow him to clear faster with the aoe.   I have no idea how to make him better top, all the enemy has to do is stand far from the brush and fight him when he only has 1-2 stack to win trades. His kit looked very strong for top but i havent had any succes there
1	How long has league been out? Oct. 27th 2009   Why am i stuck waitting 20 mins to surrender a 3v5 game? Abusable, people can and will surrender if they see an enemy team has a better comp or stats.   What do i do with all this damn Ip? Name changes, Champions, Runes, Riot has also said they are working on more options   Are non 970(975) Rp skins Supposed to look worse than original skins? No, but skins that are less than 975 are generally simple, texture changes. Nothing in depth. You get your money's worth.   Why cant i earn Rp? That's how Riot makes money. They have thousands of servers and serve millions of players. RP is used for solely Aesthetic things. ANything you can USE in game is earnable. An honorable system.   Why isn't there an east coast server yet? [It is in the works currently.](   What is the point of this mastery system if we don't earn anything with it? They have discussed earning rewards from it, but it has yet to be determined. Think of it as an achievement system. It's to show off your mastery to Teammates.   Why have you had only one fundraiser in recent memory? (Barrier reef) Perhaps the opportunity doesn't always present itself but I believe they intend to do more.   Why do i get the overwhelming feeling there is an enormous lack of content for how much time and money that has gone into this game? Over 120 champions, [This many AVAILABLE skins, even more that are no longer available)]( Icons, Trailers, Music Videos, Albums, Updated Maps Skins Champs, Community Spotlights, PTL, LCS, College Teams, Bundles, Discounts. The list goes on. They put out a superb amount of content.   Is your staff like 10 people? [Well over a thousand actually.](   Why isn't there more interaction between the game and the pro league other than news articles and some icons? How about the LCS for North America, Europe, China, Korea, South America, Oceania, and the open venues for all those things?   Why does death recap not really tell me much? Currently bugged out, they are working on it.   Why does the client take up so much ram? What?   Why is the only way to avoid asswholes in champ select to dodge and lose Lp? Or, you can mute them. Remove the issue and keep communication to simple pings that can still allow you to win the game. You shouldn't have to dodge just because of someone's attitude.   Why only 3 refunds ever? It's again, a business. The refund is free, which is better than a lot of other businesses will do at all. ALthough i agree that maybe more should be put out, or a timer put in place for "accidental" purchases, the system is fine.   What happened with the replay stuff? After they pulled it i believe they intended to work on it. Currently they feel the spectator system is not up to par and it may be integrated with a new spectator system.   Why does Zac only have one skin? (that second one is practically a chroma) Zac has a model that is hard to work with and apply textures to. They are aware of this and are working on it.   Btw i want skin colors, i dont want to pay cash for them, especially when some of them barely change color at all. "I want free things so give me free things." They're a company, not a charity.   Why is Rammus so damn Awesome? Ok.   Who drew arcade MF? shit is amazing. The splash artwork was drawn by Michelle Hoefener, The skin was inspired by the artwork made by Nyaruko.   Anthing else?   EDIT:
0	Alright you seem really confused so I'm going to make this as simple as possible. I saw the meme, thought about the angry sex that OP was missing out on, and came here to comment about it. Then when I looked at the comments, jack_in_the_mox had already said it. So i complimented him on his comment. Plain and simple.
0	When I was younger, this zero tolerance crap existed in my school, not sure if as much in others.   We were all walking into class when a moderate dick at the school stops at random. I try to find a way around him, and I accidentally flat-tire him. He thought I kicked him in the shin deliberately and full-force pushed me into a nearby desk. Being caught off guard, I scramble to my feet and nudge him with a "the hell?" look. I try and go to lightly kick his leg and he grabs mine.   I then got detention for a week.
0	One time I forgot I was sleeping over at a friends house. When I woke up to check the time on my phone I was like oh ok whatever just another day...then I turn around to go back to sleep and I see two of my friends. At this point i'm like, "WTF how did you get inside my house, and why are you on my bed?" So I tripped the fuck out and soon realized this wasn't my house to begin with.
0	The sharp crash we've experienced is more pronounced than cyclical corrections. The market is not at equilibrium right now. We both agree that oil will rebound, but I don't think it'll take more than 2 years. It's highly likely that oil will rebound in 2015 to at least $70 if not $80, and likely $90-100 the year after that.   A lot of people have correctly mentioned the supply side of this (lower prices hurt unconventional plays, which account for almost all of the recent growth) but the demand side of the equation is perhaps more important.   Lower oil prices induce demand. They induce new driving, they encourage the sale and use of energy-intensive vehicles, they induce energy consumption in other sectors, and they affect land use. Inducing demand for cars also has impacts on land use (increased suburbanization) which leads to yet more demand for cars (positive feedback).
1	After your initial chat restrictions are closing out, the system uses a whole lot of data to assess whether or not your restrictions needs extending. This data includes, but is not limited to:     Reports in the lobby from other summoners.   What you use your restricted messages to say. Be aware, however, that 'easy', 'ez', 'gg easy', 'gg ez' amongst many other bad manner phrases are considered unsportsmanlike. If you do say it, you're essentially telling your opponents that they offered you no challenge, even though they're in the same elo bracket as you and, very likely, killed you a number of times. Saying it is simply ignorance and idiocy and is correct in warranting an extension in chat restriction.      You have to understand that if your behaviour did actually improve, the system would likely increase your restrictions by a smaller number than your initial set to ensure that you aren't going to feel defeated by the system and return to your old ways.   Example 1. You receive a 150 chat restriction. You abide by the rules and are pleasant. Game 150 takes place and you receive a 60 game chat restriction. You think that this is ridiculous as you were on your best behaviour and kick up a fuss on reddit and the forums, before going into a game and starting to be bad mannered because you perceive the system to be broken and you don't think you'll ever get free of the restrictions. At the end of the 60 games, you receive a 300 game chat restriction and proclaim a false sense of achievement, because you knew it would happen because riot is out to get you, or players on the team are out to get you, or players on the enemy team report you for nothing etc etc.   Example 1b. Game 150 takes place and you receive a 60 game chat restriction. You realise that this is a test. You abide by the rules and after 60 games, receive a 30 game chat restriction. You're pleasant throughout and have realised that having good manners actually goes a long way. Game 30 finishes and your chat is no longer restricted.   Realise that you have to change your behaviour for the better in order for it to be recognised and rewarded. If you're getting more chat bans, it's because you're being detrimental to the people you play with.
0	It probably ran home.   We took some cats to the humane society when I was little, the momma was killing lots of birds and my mom didn't like that, and when she had to take the litter to the humane society as kittens, she took the mother too.   She was in a cardboard box in the car, sealed up with air holes. She clawed her way out about 3 miles down the road, and started clawing at everything ever until she finally jumped out a window while we were stopped on the side of the road.   She showed up a couple weeks later, wanting food.
1	I wouldn't be so bold as to claim to know when he's absolutely good or bad, but I will say confidently that he plays better with teams that are very mobile themselves and self sufficient. Ez/jayce/tf kind of comps. Since his strong point is split pushing, it's better to play with a team with good wave clear/disengage who won't get dove and killed 5v4 or even a team that can push a lane while you're pushing another.  I could confidently add that he's weak against good dive teams for the same reason since it makes split pushing difficult if they 5v4 your team.  As mentioned he's also poor against high cc teams. See my earlier post for details a few unit's above.   In terms of laning phase, I won't play him against champions who are early beasts usually because even though he comes back hard in mid game, getting there is often challenging in early laning phase.  Sometimes I'll start with a Fortitude Elixer and try to grab the early advantage with a bait.  If you're curious about counters in lane, I'd say I pretty much agree with what's on championselect.net (There are two darius' in there for a reason, think of their ulti's lol). Katerina's not in that list, but I'd add her simply because his ulti makes hers COMPLETELY useless and his even lasts significantly longer.
0	No its not that. Its the condescending pretentious ass attitude everyone has. The attitude you just displayed now, as well as in your previous post. We know only one side of this story yet you are 100% sure this kid is an asshole. I, on the other hand, am merely proposing he might have had other factors affecting his decision that were not taking into account.
1	NA teams can take games of EU teams but I see no potential for them vs Asian teams at the moment but we will see (I am especially interested in CLG to see how Aphro can mix things up on that team).   I do see some potential for some EU teams like Fnatic or CLG.EU to take games/series off Asian teams as this has been proven.   I think the main difference is innovation, a few weeks ago everyone was amazed that Fnatic were actually playing Kha'Zix and now everyone is.   Meanwhile in NA TSM haven't noticeably (to me) changed their play style at all and the height of innovation is Voyboy building mogs on Kat.
0	Oh, I have a really great breast health specialist, she says that this kind of discharge can happen: it's non hematogenic (sp?) and my tests and ultrasound scans came back negative for cancer. Honestly, it started after I went on Apri birth control and appears to have abated now that I have gone off hormonal birth control.
1	People are saying having a jungler is bad, now because its so hard to jungle and clear the camps etc. The thing is, its still very worth it to have a jungler, because you can still contest dragons as well as pressure other lanes.   So while there is a 2-1-2 on the other team, I'm gonna be happy to be jungling. This gives my top laner solo xp to outlevel the others, while at the same time I can snowball mid, deny enemy jungle buffs, take dragons and get my own XP.   The reason the jungle is harder is because the camps give less XP and have more health. The reason this is the case is because Riot wanted to reduce early game snowballing due to the "buff -> buff -> gank" strategies every single game. Junglers were generally strong early, and could use that to send the game into an immediate snowball and win. If they didn't they would generally fall off and start receiving less gold because they can't get an acceptable amount of money farming the jungle, and can't succeed at ganks because they're too weak.   With 3.14, they increased the amount of gold you can get in the jungle throughout the game, so that they can stay relevant by farming the jungle. I'm totally fine with the jungle difficulty, and I hope it discourages enemy teams to do their 2-1-2 and let me be more relevant than ever.
1	It's definately a good step to "clean up" in high elo territory for once, especially when players get money from Riot to be a professional gamer and represent their game.   On the other hand though, the times I've seen IWD on streams he wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary. There's joking trash talking in almost all games and since the introduction of the Tribunal everybody has grown really thin-skinned.   Now I don't say that what he did was right but a year long ban is also a grave punishment for somebody who relies on tournament earnings (aka pro players). Being probably 10 years above the age of the average league player I don't really get upset about flaming (which seems to be what IWD has been banned for); everyone has bad games/days every now and then and of course, you only hear about the bad ones on the Tribunal.   On the other hand you have players like Dyrus who troll and feed on purpose (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk/ragequit games. As a player I'd rather have somebody on my team who's raging at me for making a mistake (nobody rages at somebody for no reason to be honest) than somebody who's actively working for the other team to win. Of course, we won't see any punishment for Dyrus though because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also inb4 fanboy downvotes).
1	I personally did t play ranked until I had 500 wins. After that many wins I found I had a decent understanding of the game (when to go in or back out, when to chase). Also from platitudes g that many games I learned to focus on my own play and not rage at my team (not raging actually makes you and team play better). From all of that I've managed to get to 1300 elo from 1000. Plus it gives you time to play with your friends and get some good teamwork.
0	Contact your head of school's secretary, tell them you're doing a project on some bullshit, and ask for the policy that requires or facilitates mandatory attendance. I did at my university, then contact every head of school, then the chancellor and their vice, then policy department. When I was absolutely positive that no such policy existed, I wrote an open letter to the board of directors of my university.   In this letter, I outlined my findings, and explained that teachers are enforcing mandatory attendance and failing students who would (if they hadn't of missed two or three classes) passed with high distinction, who are then forced to retake the unit. I had obtained the statistics of failures due to attendance and calculated the whopping multi-million dollar figure of how much extra the university had scammed by teachers making up their own illicit policies.   I stated that I will go to the media with these figures, and personally orchestrate a class action law suit (yes, law postgrad here) against them seeking compensation for lost earnings of six months per student along with reimbursement of spendings for course and materials over again should they EVER allow a teacher to state such an attendance policy is by any means acceptable or in place, or should such policy EVER be drafted.   It is clear if you are passing a unit you are attending as many classes as YOU, PERSONALLY, REQUIRE. We are individuals, we shouldn't be made to slow down for the lowest common denominator in class; and I for one had attended possibly three classes for each unit of law that year and passed with high distinctions. My way out of mandatory attendance? I would never, ever tell anyone my name, fill out a roll form, and when I submitted assignments I would walk up to the front of the class, lift the pile at a random location, shove mine in and shuffle the fuckers. Some teachers got wise to that and tried to thrwart me, instead I used a GGMK key I had that let me in to any locked door on that campus (sure, I'm not meant to, but sue me) and slipped it amidst the pile after hours.   Needless to say I was the most popular person at school for the rest of my years at university, and my original declaration and open letters are sitting framed in the law faculty library. You too could be this awesome; consider it at least, food for thought, right?
0	This enrages me to the point of nearly getting me killed. I was driving in Los Angeles, down the 5, close to the 134 merge. I needed to get on the 134, and started a merge, but an Astrovan driven by an Armenian guy accelerated into me to close the gap. I had already made it about halfway into the lane, so I had to swerve out. This totally enraged me, so (being from New Jersey), I did what had to be done. I flipped the guy off and waited for him to pass me so I could merge behind him. Thankfully, I was so angry that I decided to go for the second flip off as he was passing, because right when he entered my blind spot, he swerved his car into me. I had to make the snap decision to swerve into the lane to the left of me, without looking, to avoid collision. Thankfully, nobody was there. The guy then pulled ahead of me, and I could see him cursing and screaming at me, and tried to merge into me again. This time, I broke, and let him get in front of me. He then slowed to 25 mph on the fucking 5 freeway, and was swerving all over the road to block me from passing him. For those of you not from LA, the average speed on the 5 is about 85 mph, and he was going 25. Finally, we got to the 134 merge, and I managed to get onto the other freeway without him. I wrote the guy's plates down, and called CHP, but they basically laughed it off. The weirdest part of the whole thing was the guy had like a family of six in the car with him. I could see his wife screaming at him to stop, as he tried to kill me.
1	Curse has always had a weak bot lane since forever ago. They always knew their bot lane was weak, but they've tried to cover their weak spot by focusing harder on the solo laners. It's never been a secret that if you want to win a game, you just trash their bottom lane because to be quite honest, pretty much any bottom lane can beat them.   I like Elementz I really do, but I know and he knows that he's lesser support than most of the other supports in LCS (at least mechanically). He redeems himself with his morale and encouragement to his team.  I honestly don't think he or Cop can should be replaced because they fit the role of the team perfectly which is to get by. They're not meant to carry or do anything special. The way Curse got around this was by never letting their bot lane fight a straight 2v2. Saint would give Jacky or Voy the torch to carry on, and Elementz and Cop would be there to help out.   I think the way this was handled was quite bad though. Saint/Elementz should not be letting this leak to the public. It's very bad for Curse and there's no reason to bash others like this. They need to take care of their problems, and Liquid needs to step the fuck up instead of playing buddy buddy with Saint.   Anyways it's 3 AM and I can't think properly so yeah. I feel like this was a rambled thought, so now it probably sounds really shitty. Also when he talked about nobody voting for Elementz, no pro player picked Jacky either except for Jacky himself.
0	2intellectual4me 2smug4me etc   >The genre that existed before modern trap rap and EDM trap, popular at the turn of the millennium, is the same genre that we are discussing.   No, it's not. You haven't said one thing about it so far, actually. My argument agains the co-dependent influence is that it's not co-dependent. There's a small influence that's been hugely overstated by you and a large influence that's been almost completely ignored by you.   Taking out all the insults and backpedaling in that response, your point essentially boils down to: there are some things that were used in a specific edm scene that are also in modern trap as well as edm trap. Congratulations!   Like I said, you sound like as if you read one article and your entire knowledge of the genre is based on that. 808 snares? Jesus, let's forget the long history of the 808's use in southern hip hop (and hip hop in general) prior to chicago tech music, or the use of reverb (a similar story), or any of the other non-points you made. Let's completely ignore any other local styles of music that you're not familiar with and call them "crunk" because that's the only term you know. Let's use phrases like "prelude" "equal temperament tuning" and "co-dependence" to sound smart, hoping you don't know what I'm talking about.   Continue to claim that I'm a snotty teen and you're a big music writer/musician/dj/scholar/all of these things without any evidence besides bringing up the same buzzwords that make you sound like you know what you're talking about (you don't) and namedropping ghetto tech and dj rashad to make it sound like you're an expert (you're not).   To answer your smug rhetoricals, the importance of Wagner to Opera is hard to overstate and I don't really know what you want to know about my opinion about equal temperament, I'm familiar with the concept but don't know much about it.  I GUESS THAT MEANS I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT TRAP MUSIC, OH GREAT MUSICOLOGIST GENIUS .   Basically, you've confirmed that you're a liar who doesn't know dick about southern hip hop music and uses petty insults to make yourself feel better.   You don't have to bother responding anymore, you've pretty much proven that you're completely ignorant about this kind of music.
0	Sales tax is not a federal tax and can vary by county.  It is applied when they "ring you up". This is a single percentage that applies to all consumer purchases.  Other taxes, like those on cigarettes, are already in the listed price. The only tax tacked on at the end is sales tax.   Since these are state taxes, the treatment of them gets tricky across borders.  Living in NJ, I can order from Amazon and not be charged sales tax (this will likely change soon), but if have it delivered to my fiancee's house in NY, it is charged sales tax.  This has to do with whether the company has a physical presence in the state it is being delivered to (I am pretty sure, but not 100%).   Likewise, I bought an engagement ring from a guy in NY, but rather than pay at the shop, I had him mail it to me in NJ, and I didn't need to pay sales tax.
0	I wish I had you as a teacher.  I took physics for 6 years (all 4 years of high school, 2 years in college) and still to this day have a passion for it.  In high school, my teacher encouraged creative thinking and I started dabbling in more advanced concepts by deriving my own equations for fun (yes, I was a nerd).   Fast forward to college, I nearly failed my first semester because I continued to use equations creatively rather than do it exactly as the professor showed us in class.  I stuck it out for two years until I finally couldn't stand it anymore and switched my major to Russian.
1	Just because one thing follows another, does not mean the first caused the second.   Virus scans are not catch alls - in fact they don't catch MUCH, they catch the more known more obvious viruses and malware. Most of them don't even catch bad cookies or Adware.   League of Legends in this sense would not have given you a virus. Another player, with access to your IP address, could send you a vrius possibly - but not through League of Legends.
0	There are many ways to use landmines. One way is to provide static defense for long period of time. Like in the border between the Koreas. How ever in the way this works, maps are relatively useless since land moves quite a lot over time.   There is another way to use landmines too. If you rely on highly skilled and highly mobile units that are supposed to take over and hold strategically important locations that slow the enemy advancement, mines are vital tool for this tactic. Since most likely your unit will be heavily outnumbered you need to restrict the enemy movement temporally. For example you would want to block any backdoors and flanks. In this strategy the point is to even the odds by restricting the enemy movement. The mines are now used as temporary defense to help your side to organize "general defensive movement" (still no idea how this military jargon is used in English). The maps play important part in this strategy since you want to help warn your own units from walking into them and once you have established a general defense you want to withdraw from the location with your mines so that you can use them again when needed.   Finland "recently" signed the Ottawa treaty since we didn't want to be included in the group of nations (US,Iran, North Korea etc.) that refused to sign the agreement. In essence this was purely a political decision not militaristic. This has droven our defense forces into a strategic crisis. We share a massive border with Russia and we need time to establish our "general defense" by arming our conscripts. The plan was the later one i described earlier. Now that the landmines are banned we had to resort to artillery propelled cluster bombs that don't detonate when hit ground but detonate when touched (or something like that, I'm not quite sure how these things work). Obviously we can't shoot artillery shots near our own units so the plan does not anymore work. Also there is no way to know anymore where the "mines" or bombs land and if they have detonated or not. So in essence we have switched a surgical weapon to a "spray and hope" type of weaponry. And there are no guarantees that these bombs are not forgotten into the forrests to haunt the animals and unlucky wanderers.
1	Actually, if you want to win a game while being 20 cs ahead in low elo it will be hard when the 8/3 ennemy will come in teamfight. Your 9/4 ally will fight too, so you may win this fight, but it won't be that much thanks to you. Your extra longsword will do pratically nothing.   I'm used to play support in low elo, and even while my adc is 7/3, the 10/1 ennemy top lane will come and win the game. At this elo it's way too aggressive to just stay and farm passively.   I sometimes also play on low level smurf, and it's the same. The game the pros play and the one the low level play is different, so the way you should deal with it is different.   I think that sometimes, you should go for an advantage even if you may give one to your opponent. If you have 60% chance to win, then you can try it, and if it fails, then you should play more passive, so that their extra longsword will finally be nothing.
1	Boy, your teacher must have hated grading your work. You just go on and on about things that could be explained in 1 sentence.
1	We aren't playing some mobile free to play game. There is a lot more depth to player retention than currency flow. People don't play league because they want to catch'em all.  You are missing the point that the current IP sinks are very specific towards making actual gameplay fair (champs, runes, pages). New content (which costs money for Riot) is meant to make riot money (skins, champs, ward skins, boosts, etc) but if you make it free it doesn't help riot make more money. Finding ways to take away IP is fine, but requiring it to take away from something that makes profit doesn't make sense no matter how much artificial scarcity you have. The two currencies are completely separate and only convert 1 way, Rp to IP though boosts. You don't need any skins, wards or champion, to play a game, and win. So those who elect to buy them spend money. If they were free (IP) then they would lose value since it is a sign of commitment to the game to buy something so frivolous.   Players continue to play because they are either playing ranked and want to climb leagues (which requires 0 currency) or just play casually and maybe want more champs. Impatient ones buy champions with RP and riot makes money. I do not play league because I want more IP. I play ranked for the competition. If I wanted IP I'd just play co-op vs ai dominion and get my daily boost.
1	the tower is taken and I'm compelled to wander the map trying to get a few more kills before I start taking tons of damage in fights.   I think the first thing you need to do is stop and question yourself.  What function do towers serve in-game?  Well, obviously they are great to camp under when an enemy is trying to gank you.  So they offer protection.  That's #1.  They are also the most outer defenses of your base.  So they preserve.  That's #2.  Those are the obvious things.   However, to really be effective at pushing lanes, you need to get an idea of the slightly less obvious uses for turrets.  For starters, they prevent enemies from kiting you through the long outer lanes.  If they try to jump you between towers, and then b to their lane, they're going to almost certainly take 2-5 tower hits, which is more than enough to kill most early game champions, especially if you're doing anything to hasten their demise.  So they not only extend your lanes to the edge of their firing range, they also allow for overlapping defenses at your 2nd tower, due to the fact that the enemy (if he's in your jungle) has to stay there if he values his health.  This is especially important for the next point.   Towers allow for map control.  Ever played Starcraft 2?  Your towers are like super xel-nagas.  They give you vision, keep waves of minions away, AND deal damage.  Take two evenly matched teams, give one of them all of their 1st and 2nd towers, and the other team only their inhibitor turrets.  The latter team is going to be  movement restricted  for the entire game unless they severely outplay their counterparts.   It seems like you are getting caught in no-mans land without a clear objective after taking down your first turret. Well, the first thing you want to do is make sure that yours stays up.  Sure, if you meet 3-4 enemy champs clashing down on you, don't try to save it, but otherwise, it is still your job to push that lane.  The good news is that it's infinitely easier now, since your enemy won't have a tower to fall back on.  Catch him with some hard CC and you have much greater chances for a free kill.  This means he's more at risk if he pokes out of the range of his own turret, and it shifts the "middle ground" of combat from between your two turrets to just ahead of where his previous turret was (if their mid is also down, then it shifts the mid-ground to the turret or past it).  Basically this allows you to be much more aggressive with the added threat of that cannon firing away at your opponents, as long as you don't overextend.  Ask yourself the question:  When you lose a tower before the enemy -- how do YOU feel?  What does it stop you from doing well in the early to mid game?  Chances are the other guy feels the same way when it happens to him.  Use that knowledge to bully his positioning.  You can stay in your lane still unless someone is calling for help, at which point you can hustle down to try to get a gank or push back another lane.  Hopefully you're last hitting, because if you are, you should be getting more gold than your laning opponent, which means you can easily push your lane again when you need to go back to it.  Farming is so essential in this case to putting you into a prime spot at midgame to be a terror.  5-1-2 should be more than enough, though, so lets look at some other aspects than just sitting in your lane killing stuff.   If your lane is still being pushed properly, well, it's time to relocate.  Pick up any jungles that haven't been taken out for a while (if your jungler is active maybe not, but usually at this point there is too much going on for him to care about a couple of camps) and saunter down to mid lane.  If you've got hard CC, initiate on the other mid when they are hanging out near that precious midpoint.  If you don't, let your fellow mid stun them, then come barreling out of the brush and hit the other mid for everything you can.  Even if you don't kill them, you're going to zone them out of the lane (push them far from their creeps) and they are going to get robbed of XP and last hits.  Just because you don't get a kill doesn't mean it's a failed attempt if you can control the lane.  Afterward, either push the turret to kill it, or go hunting again (don't sit around and steal xp/gold from your carry!  They won't like it!).  Now the mid has to think that you're going to be nearby and they'll have to play super-passively until you reappear elsewhere on the map.  Either stick around if the other mid brazenly pops back out, go to the opposite lane for a 2v1 or 3v2 in your favor, or go farm back up in your lane.  Remember:  With a tower down you're limiting the # of places an enemy can be, especially if you start actively warding their side or in the river!   If you're getting separated, well, stop for a moment and consider why you got separated.  Did you engage at a spot on the map where there were two equally viable backing areas for your team?  Or did you overextend?  These are positional questions that only good coaching or a better map sense will resolve.  I used to get caught out by myself ALL THE TIME.  This was also when I was the kind of player that would wait for a teamfight to start and immediately think, "NUKE NUKE NUKE" instead of waiting to use my stun/damage when it can be pivotal to the entire fight.  Now it hardly ever happens because I don't look to get kills, but instead to control the engagement so that my team wins the teamfight.  If it's a 5v5 and an opponent is trying to limp out of battle, don't chase him unless you KNOW you can kill them and still get back.  Why risk it?  Stay in the battle and it's suddenly 4v5 in your favor.  You should win that every time.   Enemy focusing you?  That's great.  That means you're a threat.  It also means you NEED TO STAY ALIVE in a teamfight because your team is going to depend on your CC/damage.  Play a little more back.  Remember, the threat of your attacks and stuns are almost greater in a 5v5 than the actual use of the skills themselves.  Once you trigger your stun, the other team knows they have to start focusing or they die.  But holding back means they have to be individually wary, and a lot of time you'll be able to pick off a Veigar or Lux who's just trying to get that one nicely placed skill shot in and wanders away from their tank by just 300-400 range.  What would you rather face:  5 champions who all are uniformly thinking, "Kill!" or 5 individual champions all moving around haphazardly, trying to get lucky pokes in while skirting as much damage as possible?
1	First and foremost, I think an important factor is that you have to be  okay  with losing and accepting that losing  is  a very probable outcome. Then, you should aim at having fun and keeping a positive attitude throughout every match - just ignore the ragers (as in, press Tab and ignore them).   If you get in a game stressed and feeling pressured to win, there's also a chance you'll perform poorly because you're putting too much pressure of yourself.
1	I agree with this. You don't need damage output to be a good tank. Rather, you just need to be able to mess the other team up -- perhaps with high damage output, but more likely with sustained annoying AoE damage (Amumu's tears, sunfire, etc.), CCing the enemy squishy taking them out of the fight, or just CCing channeled spells and generally being disruptive.   I once managed to draw 2 ignites on a team as Leona, simply because I got my two stuns off at the beginning and drew so much aggro. Did not do that much damage, and I died, but that's two ignites that a) didn't fully stack and were wasted and b)couldn't later finish off my kill streak carry. We also went 4 for 1 in that fight.
1	Did this in a ranked game once against a Trist solotop. Just farmed minions and didnt think much of dying. Was 0/4/0 midgame, getting raged at, but with a massive creepkill score. Get 1v4 by the enemy team, take down the squishy Tristana, Tristana kill the rest of them. We won on that switch.
0	Reddit rallies behind net neutrality, meanwhile mods filter out a meme.   I was never a huge fan of it, but also never hated it. Why not let the upvotes decide what memes can be on here?   EDIT:
1	Agreed. Innox is just subpar, and he should get replaced as soon as they are put of the present split. All of the other players in the coL v. EG match performed exceptionally well, and Innox continued to fuck his teammates over.
0	Did you miss what I said before? Obama had been bragging about how he had Al Qaeda virtually exterminated.  This was a lie.  Al Qaeda had actually spread all over the place, and they hit the consulate in Benghazi with over 120 armed gunmen in a coordinated attack, killed the ambassador, and then later hit a second site with troops and mortar shells.  This is a huge difference from an angry mob of protesters that gets carried away and pushes its way past the front gate.   Peaceful protesters that get carried away can not be predicted.  A recognizable long established terrorist network who have been flying their flag all over town, and promising to hit a series of targets, with the Americans on the list is predictable and preventable.  They promised to hit the Red Cross, the British, and then the Americans.  They hit the Red Cross as promised.  They hit the British as promised.  Did it take a genius to know who they were going to hit next?  Yet pleas for help were ignored for months.
0	My wife has ridiculous hips that I found extremely attractive - so much so we ended up married and I put a kid in those hips and they got even  more  ridiculous and now I'm here living it up.
1	That's like saying White Lies aren't lying. Stereotypes while personally harmless aren't innocent and without negative consequences. It's an American stereotype that African Americans are more likely to commit drug offenses which is false African Americans are less likely to use drugs than average. However this perception leads to the racism in our Narcotics Policing and Prosecution.   When you think Asians are better at games by virtue of being Asian you devalue their victories and inflate their defeats. There is absolutely no difference between an Asian player and anyone else. They still have to climb the ladder they have to learn the skills and hours upon hours of practice.
0	Bullshit, I'm a woman and I imagine the banter went as follows - guy "I'm fat no one fancies me, I need to lose weight but I cant stick to it" girls reply "I tell you what lose a few pound and we will all bang you" boom welcome to incentive town. Its win win for the guy and the girls get to fulfil a fantasy with a guy the currently find cute and trust.
1	Whats good:   Getting a micro picture of how each game played out through the timeline feature was both a great idea and well-executed.   Its was fun getting lost in my old games trying to see what the "story of the game" was and how my actions affected it's course.   It is also an ideal way of visualizing the game as a coach or analyst trying to show players how the game flows.   Whats needed:   At first, before I clicked on an individual game, I was getting ready to be disappointed.   While the micro-story is rich, the macro view of one's individual play is missing. I was expecting lolking-esque charts of my performance with each champion, the way that it is already done for ranked in-client.   There is much deeper macro territory to tread still. You can have a comparison of most played champs vs highest win rate champs. Item builds that tend to win or lose you games. Do you tend to win games where you get a lot of kills or a lot of cs? With so many possibilities, its too bad they didn't have even one.   edit:
0	I'm 18 and built my first PC this year. It powered on absolutely fine but I could not for the life of me get the monitor to work, I tried for hours to try and troubleshoot but could not get it to recognize the signal input from the PC. I ended up ordering 2 new cables and after they got here a week later and it still didn't work I was on the verge of tears until I opened it up and realized that somehow the video card had somehow slipped out a little and was not pushed in all the way to the motherboard, FML moment if I've ever had one, how I didn't check that before jumping to the conclusion that the cables were bad is anybody's guess.
1	Dude what, twitch chat is next level trash talking. /r/leagueoflegends complains, but its on the minimal margin. People are both impressed and disappointed, and show their emotion.
0	Funny story.   My friend flew into the Phillippines from Hong Kong last summer. He was on his way to see a girl he'd met on a previous trip to Boracay with some douchecanoe who was trying to score a mail order bride. Didn't work out for the douchecanoe, but that's another story.   My friend and the girl he met, they weren't serious. But he liked her, and he sensed it could go that way eventually. While planning this return trip, he decided to cross one off the bucket list.   So my friend flew into Manila from Hong Kong. Having a full day to fuck off in Manila before catching the ferry to Odiogan, he booked a room at a nice "hotel," one with toilet paper and plumbing.  He chose this hotel for its "amenities." Well, four girls and 24 hours later, he received an "invoice" for "room service." The "invoice" didn't reflect the prices on the "menu," and he said so.   Enter six pygmy Filipino men armed with tiny baseball bats. After debating the odds, he decided to just pay the $1000 bill.
1	They buffed his E by bug-fixing it. He'll still be really strong and do giant burst.   All the champions they nerfed will still be fine. They just wont be OP.   I play Evelynn a lot and I'm not crying about her Ultimate being nerfed so hard.   I mean, sure Talon's Q and R has lower base damage. But the bug-fix on his E means that all his attacks will now do 15% more damage, like they're supposed to, so it balances out reasonably well.   If you're literally in-capable of winning after the nerfs then that's more of an indicator of your skill level than Talon's viability.
0	I've heard this line of reasoning before, and one of the main issues that I have with it, or rather the issue that I have with people who hold this belief, is the inconsistency between their argument that unsavory people of all races can be niggers and their willingness to actually apply the "nigger" label to people who aren't black without being prodded.   A non-black person being called a nigger rarely, if ever, seems to be something that just happens organically (not counting XBL of course). Normally when I see or hear this phrase, it's after someone calls a black person a nigger and is then presented with the question of whether or not the person would still be a nigger if they weren't black.   You can see this on Reddit quite often. Video of black people fighting? Niggers. Video of non-black people fighting? No niggers found. Or for a real-life example, how many times have you heard Jerry Sandusky referred to as a nigger for molesting and raping multiple children?   I'm sure there are people who truly believe and practice what was stated in the OP, but most of the time it just seems like something that people throw out their to cover their own asses.
0	Another tip: spend the first part of your sexy times focused on her completely, don't worry about her touching your wiener. Two or three good solid orgasms on her part will pave the way for lots and lots of wiener play.
1	I disagree.  Although engineers stand a better chance at getting a job than most fields these days, it is naive to assume that the competitive aspect of pr gaming is exclusive to gaming.  Getting a job is a lot harder without an excessive amount of money, time and effort spent on education these days.  The amount of money/time/effort put into becoming an engineer could also be put into becoming a pro gamer.   The only thing that I beg you take heed of, Villinatorzz, is that LoL wont always be the #1 top played game.  If you spent the next few years playing hard enough, and learning as much as it took, to be a pro LoL player, then you might only have a short while to stay there.  I'm sure that another game will take LoL's place in another 4 years or so, and the best money will be put into that.  Technology, and by extension, games are growing rapidly.  You'll have to do a lot of learning and playing, in order to keep up, but I'm sure you can to it, if that's what you truly desire.   Good luck in either direction.
0	The idea that a "man attracted to teenagers" is so so bad is a thing that scared the ever-loving crap out of me as a  young  man.   When you're 22, you're a "man attracted to teenagers."  Not all of them, one would hope.  (13?  Ew.)  But 18 and 19 are certainly still fair game.  Right?  And maybe 17?  That's not that far off.  Even 16 still  looks  attractive when you're only 22.   This scared the crap out of me.  This would come out at times when "scumbag brain" was at work, like when I would be trying to sleep, of course.  The fear was that I was certainly still attracted to a group of women who were becoming increasingly taboo.  Was this going to be something I would have to resist forever? Was I going to have a moment of weakness and end up in some federal pound me in the ass prison?   So in those moments, I gained some understanding of what it must be like for people who are attracted to something/someone they can never have.  It must be utter hell.  "Sword of Damocles" indeed.   Fortunately for me, I have since become decidedly  not  attracted to teenagers in the first place, so my fears were unfounded.  I don't  hate  them, and they're still kinda cute and all.   But then they  talk .   I... I just can't.  Just no.  I need someone my age.  Seriously.   It's all moot, since my wife is my age and incredibly awesome.  But she and I were discussing wills and living trusts and all that "in case something happens" stuff and the inevitable question came up, "Would you find someone else?"  She made jokes about young buxom trophy wives and I just got the heebie jeebies.   I told her, "I wouldn't want to spend the rest of my life  alone , but I can tell you already that it won't be like  that ."
0	The only drowning scare I've ever had (I am a very strong swimmer), I was in Mazatlan, Mexico and a rip tide carried me out. I knew to swim parallel to shore, so I did that. Problem was, I was swimming parallel to shore  against  the current, which was making it even harder. I knew it was important to swim parallel to shore, but in state of panic and exhaustion, I did not realize which way the tide was going.
0	I'm sorry bud, but trust me on this one. I think I know myself better than you do. Even if I was in denial: I'd be attracted to men. I'm not.   I'm just a bit of an exhibitionist.   Not to mention, sexuality MEANS ones orientation/preference. (Synonyms)   Orientation is also no black and white. Just (arguably) easier to label. They're effectively the same thing   Not to mention labels are a personal thing. Two people may both identify as kinsey 2. One my see themselves as straight, and one may see themselves as bi. Guess what!? They're both right!   A man may enjoy being pegged by his girlfriend. He;s not in denial, he just likes his prostate played with.
1	The "I don't like support so I don't need to learn how to play it" attitude is a plague on LoL. What people don't understand is that bot lane is won and lost by the supports not the ADC. The absolute best support to play if you are just learning the role is Taric. He is a support with the ability to go all in and make plays or keep you on life support if you have to play from behind. Lets also not forget the point and click stun which is HUGE when it comes to getting help from a jungler, peeling for your adc in teamfights, catching someone out of position in the pre-fight dance or locking down that annoying katarina that just jumped into your entire team. Next we have wards and map control. Honestly I feel that spamming wards and providing map control to your team outweighs just about all big item buys with the exception of Bulwark (If your jungler is not going to be building it. COMMUNICATE WITH HIM and figure out if its going to be your responsibility!!) Often times in games where I am supporting my build will be philo->either dorans shield if behind or kage's if ahead-> boots/sightstone-> rubystone+mobies and then bulwark if needed but tbh you wont often finish that unless you are really far ahead anyways. Now the important thing is to keep a potion or two and atleast one pink and a green on you at pretty much ALL TIMES during the game. If I go back and cannot afford a component that is going to give me a substantial survivability increase then I am going to spend that 200-300g on wards and a potion or two EVEN IF I HAVE SIGHTSTONE. Keeping a gank route open for your jungler is key if you want to get those all important ganks that lanes tend to cry about also DRAGON CONTROL, DRAGON CONTROL, DRAGON CONTROL!! I stress that because its crucial for you to assist your jungler in keeping sight if not vision on dragon. Often times if you have someone like Vi jungling for you they can sneak that dragon pretty early as long as you have it pinked for them. As the game progresses it becomes paramount that you maintain map control and this is accomplished by spending more on wards and if you feel its safe an oracles is a huge HUGE help as it denies control from the enemy. Finally combat warding is very important. What I mean by combat warding is placing wards in brush that the enemy is trying to use to break vision on you while fighting. Say you are involved in a skirmish near dragon and the enemy tries to run towards blue tri and you + your allies are hot on the trail. Place a ward in tri as soon as you have range so that your teammates can see what they are doing and make a play on it. Since the introduction of sightstone this has become an excellent but underused tactic. Those wards are free guys, spam them during fights because fk it you can just place the ones you spent right back where they were after you have won the fight.   Finally since I see so many of you having issues with junglers not ganking your lanes. You need to keep in mind that a good jungler is going to gank where he sees the highest probability of a successful kill. If you are bot lane and you have not been warding, you don't know where their wards are, you don't have atleast one gank route pinked for him, you are playing a support that brings nothing to assist with ganks ( cough  soraka  cough ) or you rely on him to initiate a gank that jungler is going to steer well clear of your lane. ESPECIALLY if you are feeding. There is no point in trying to save a sinking ship not when you could get your solos rolling instead.   edit: holy shit sorry for the wall of text.
1	Try to get good at competitive level with more than 5 champs per player, it's crazy. With 5 bans you can ban the entire champion pool of a player.
1	If you have a full premade team the most fun junglers are in my opinion Nautilus and Maokai, just because the amount of CC combined with coordination from a premade team is really fun to play.   In Solo Q the best junglers are the ones who say that they will attack now and can carry lategame: for example Nocturne, Udyr (and Shaco). Lee Sin is also an option but he is pretty hard to learn.
0	Time for a story. In 8th grade my class went to D.C. For a field trip. For people who haven't been there to go anywhere you have to walk through a metal detector with an armed guard next to it. We went there around  winter time so I went everywhere with my hands in my pockets to keep them toasty warm. Well we got up to one of the detectors I'm just moving on through with my hands in my pocket when I hear someone say something. I couldn't hear it so I kept moving (I spend a little too much time with my headphones up too loud with caused me to be a little hard of hearing). So anyway I take a couple more steps and then I hear something again and look over to see a big black guard looking towards me starting to get out of his chair. Does anyone have those moments where you think you didn't hear something then you realize what they said. Well I lean towards him (hands still in pockets) and ask, "What?" Just in time to realize he said, "You have nothing to say just take your hands out of your pockets". Well when I leaned in he reached down for his gun and is completely out of his chair coming towards me. Needles to say I panicked quickly pulled my hands out of my pocket he panicked started fumbling to quickly pull his gun out. I just stood there with my hands up and when he finally realized I was unarmed sat back down. I didn't have any guards come at me from then in (at least in that building) but I did keep notice the same guard kept ending up in the same room with me for the rest of that tour.
1	I've been playing since s1 and didn't play ranked until this season >.> had something like 1500-2k total games before doing ranked. I guess I was plenty experienced because I was placed mid silver(right before the switch to the current League system) and went from Silver 3 - Gold 5 pretty easily playing only support with the occasional Rammus jungle.
0	I'm glad someone stopped to help you! At the beginning of December we had particularly cold weather which lead to a lot of ice being on the road. I live in an area where this isn't typical, but happens a few days out of the year (maybe). I was getting on a major bridge and a truck two cars back slipped on black ice causing him to spin around, hit the median, and end up facing into traffic. I was the ONLY car that stopped even though it happened behind me and there were 4 or 5 other cars in the group. I pulled over 1/4 mile up and just sprinted back to his car to see if he was ok. I still cannot comprehend how no one else stopped to help after it happened!   Because the way the car ended up after stopping, it couldn't be moved and the driver was facing into oncoming traffic in such a manner that if another car didn't notice the crash and hit him, the driver would have died. I was worried that a driver in shock might not safely exit the vehicle so I felt someone really needed to check on him ASAP. The driver started to try to make the car reverse, but it wasn't going anywhere. I didn't think he could see me yet (and I wasn't about to get too close to a vehicle with a driver in shock still trying to operate it) so I stood in the middle of the 3 lane bridge yelling at him to turn off his vehicle so that I can approach. Sadly, I had lost my voice from a cold so it was hard for me to get out enough noise to get his attention. While I was doing this, I was running back and forth between the middle of the 3 lane bridge and the other side of the road because cars wouldn't even slow down for me. No other car stopped to help me while I was standing in the middle of the road, nothing.   I was finally able to get his attention and he stopped trying to reverse the car, then I approached him and asked him if he felt injured and whether he thought he could move to the other side of the road. He really was positioned such that he was in serious danger staying in the car and was in too much shock to understand that. Right as I started dialing 911 and we were crossing the road, a Sheriff happened to be driving by and stopped. The guy was so shaken he couldn't find his cellphone so I let him use mine, gave my information to the officer and went on my way to the gym. I lost maybe 20 minutes out of my day, but I know it meant the world to that guy that someone was there to help him. As each car passed by me all I could think was, "Where the fuck do you have to be that is so important you can't be bothered to check on another human being?"   Oh and disclaimer before someone tries to tell me I'm stupid for not immediately calling 911: I know, I get it. I truly believe the driver was in danger because his lights were barely visible and it was still dark out. If another car saw that crash last minute and hit the vehicle, that driver would have been dead. I carefully weighed the risk and at the end of the day, for me, it was more important to get the other driver out of danger than to just sit back and wait for the police. During the whole ordeal I was VERY cautious and smart about my actions (as much as is possible when playing human Frogger).   Edit:
0	I sort agree with you. But it is not the money that should change per say in my opinion.   We need to view and treat teachers as professionals. We basically - the public, the school system, the teacher unions - treat teachers as factor assembly line workers. (Nothing against factory workers by the way.) Think about it. A line worker has to the exact same thing again and again for their job. There may be skilled involved, but it is still the exact same processed followed again and again. Whereas a teacher needs to be adaptive and know a wide range of stuff.   For a professional setting, you do have trim bad teachers. This needs to be part of it. For the same reasons you do at other organizations, your talent will likely leave because of the toxic nature of the poor co-workers.   **
0	When my cat looks at me like that tiger he wants to play... so I rub his belly and for about .5 of a second he enjoys it and then he attacks the hand...
0	exactly. if i have nude pictures of people i would not show others, it is a douchebag move.   exception . if she is gobbling my cock and sends me these pictures then what the fuck is she thinking? my decision to publicize these pictures is only dependent on if i have respect for such a girl.   i feel like this is borderline socially awkward penguin territory. i am in my late twenties, and growing up my social programming/education never taught me how to deal with such a situation.   why are girls suddenly sending pictures to guys outside of relationships today to such a degree that this becomes a topic to discuss. throw the blame on the girl, cause the bitch chose to send me that shit.
0	It sounds like she has [Borderline Personality Disorder]( and may or may not have bipolar disorder.  The two usually go hand in hand though, esp. in women.  She's probably Type II if anything.  Type Is can go days without sleeping, feel euphoric, and often have delusions and hallucinations.  Not too many people are Type I.   I recommend you learn everything you can on BPD.  Figure out a way to work with her in the bounds of her disorder.  If that means finding a way to leave her, then so be it.  If it means finding a way to love her again, then I applaud you for trying.  Many people with BPD end up being left by their partners, which is unfortunately the exact thing they're trying to prevent (Criteria 1:  Frantic efforts to avoid real or imagined abandonment).   If she's ever attempted suicide before I would be extremely cautious with what you do.  Things can be very black and white to someone with BPD.  If you're not paying attention to her, she may see that as the worst possible thing you've ever done to her, and find ways to get your attention, including self harm attempts.  If she fails at getting your attention and does not attempt to harm herself, the next defense mechanism is usually to [devalue]( you.  On the other hand, even the smallest positive gesture may seem like the best thing you've ever done for her.  These idealization and devaluation episodes are one of the main components of BPD.   It is possible to modify her behavior with some behavior modification of your own.  Once you learn how someone who has BPD works, you can coax out some positive behaviors.  I would just be careful because if you change your behavior towards her, instead of idealizing you, she may become paranoid.  Paranoid ideation can also be a part of BPD.  She may become convinced you are cheating, or that you're hiding something else.   She may also be willing to try therapy, with the promise (empty or not) that you will stay with her.  [Dialectical Behavior Therapy]( is very common for those with BPD.  If nothing improves between you, you can always hope that the therapy she went through has given her a new set of coping skills, so that when you do leave her you don't have to worry about her ending up in a hospital or worse.   Anyway, my advice is to try getting her well before you leave her.  I'm speaking from personal experience, and that's all I'm going to say.
0	ELI5? IMO, YSK IAMA Bronie, IANAL.
0	Thanks for posting this. While I understand from your point of view you are testing the waters and using it as a measuring stick for the relationship, on the receiving end it looks like emotional manipulation.   I grew up with only sisters. Punching one of them would have landed me in a world of punishment, but emotionally messing with them was subtle and equally effective. (i.e. buying candy for one and snubbing the other)   Once I reached dating age I had an arsenal of emotional manipulation, and by that point I didn't even realize I was doing it. It's hard to explain now, but I always felt like I was somehow the victim. That if they weren't doing what I wanted, they were trying to hurt me.   After years of failed relationships I finally understood what I was doing and why it was wrong.
1	They wouldn't need to hire a sports psychologist full-time.   Psychological issues usually aren't just solved over night like that.  I'm sure some people have those "Eureka!" moments and just change but it's a long term process and for any real results it would be a lot of money relative to the amount of money in esports.  Also it's not guaranteed results, either: the treatment can be ineffective, and there is a chance his emotional problems can be solved without psychiatric attention (better team bonding, etc.).
1	Don't worry, we still love your
1	I've actually built this item against Elise few times and almost every time I end up playing Shyvana.   Against Elise I did because she was able to avoid my full burst as Talon and I would end up dying to her spiders mostly. Thus having the aoe melee damage, I could mop the floor with her spiders with few AAs on Elise itself. It felt good.   As for Shyvana, it's mostly the only AD item I ever build on her and usually Hydra upgrade comes later into the game. Rest of the items I go tanky and beefing up her, hydra alone gives her all the damage output she needs. Although it is sometimes a debate in SR to figure which way I should go first. Defensive or offensive...   What I'm curious though, is how this item works with Nasus. Haven't tried it myself, but I'm wondering if Q farms up from all the killed minions in it's active and whatnot.
0	I think that they were pretty much equivalent, just totally different.  Eccleston was perfect for what he was supposed to bring; darker and emotionally torn. Tenant was supposed to be a doctor who has overcome the emotional struggles that go with wiping out two races of individuals.  Smith is immature, and unable to deal with the new form of damage he has wrought: damage to those close to him.
0	Well, many people don't give a damn about gays. This means gay people are free to do what they want, but nobody wants them screaming "It's good to be gay, join the gay community". Unfortunately, some of Russian gay activists do that, as if this was a choice, not genetics.
1	The tower behaved correctly. Watch the jewel at the top of the tower to get a sense of when the turret shot is going to be sent. You can clearly see that lee sin w flashed out of turret agro range just before the jewel eluminated thus forcing it to switch targets to minion. Then the tower switched to akali after she assumed agro. Akali survives flashing outside of turret range within perfect timing just as lee did.   Nothing to see here folks, just some good flashing out of turret radius and a nice play saving a poor dive  attempt.
1	The enemy jungler won't be so screwed. First of all, for that match up to be made, i'll consider you're a 5 man premlade. So the enemy should be a 5-man premade as well. Counterjungling is a flawed mechanic when you have the correct team on the other side. For instance: If the enemy team has a strong pusher top, a single ward, he'll pretty much know everytime that you're invading the top jungle, and can get you out of position pretty easy, while your top lane has to chose between helping you or getting the cs at his turret, so either theres a kill or loss of exp. The bot jungler should work fine, if the bot laner is a good enough, but if the 2v1 gets a little ahead, it'll be very hard to come back. Galio is a great example of a champion to solo bot. But while bot can work, you're probably not going to deny the farm of the AD carry, or they could just swap their ad carry+support the wherever your suportless ad carry is, and place the bruiser bot. Not to mention that AP can usually beat AD in a 1v1 lane. . So when you stop to think, this set up can work against the meta, alright, but if the enemy team is smart enough to notice it fast and react accordingly, this strategy can go bad and downhill really quick. Both the junglers will be behind in levels and CS, and your team will most likelly lose the game if you dont make that strategy trample the enemy team fast. . I do have a replay versus that kind of strategy, and I had a really easy game, counterpicking their carry and running with a suport to his lane. Then just having my other lanes hold their own... fast enough I was enough ahead and the junglers were behind. . . .
1	Sure so to review, the old TT was located near Zaun. It was the result of warped magic from both Zaun and the Rune Wars. This is certainly fine lore, there was nothing wrong with it.   There are three basic reasons we moved TT to the Shadow Isles.   Stronger Visual Inspiration: The Shadow Isles was a natural source of inspiration for Twisted Treeline. An undead forest surrounded by horrifying twisted trees works really nicely. We could have done a dark and twisted Zaun inspired map, but the undead of the Shadow Isles provided a more natural inspiration that enabled us to produce higher quality art.   Thematic Overlap: We have other lore plans around warped and twisted magic we want to explore. We feel that those themes can be explored both visually and through lore in a way that will producer stronger results than what we would have achieved had we applied those want themes to the TT remake.   Story Opportunity: We have only started to reveal the story we want to explore through the Shadow Isles. We have six champions who are from there. We didn't have big story plans for the forest outside Zaun and only one champion was from there. We can do more lore tie ins this way, like the special lines that specters say to characters. We may add in more lines to the specters as the story unfolds.
0	Personally I wouldn't want to live forever. Think about it, sure you'll be able to see what the far future would look like but as time goes on so does evolution. What if human evolve into some sort of super-human far down the line... what does that mean for you as an immortal? Well that basically means that you, as the last surviving homo-sapient will be regarded as a freak-show and an incredible anomaly within nature. You'll probably be subject to an infinite amount of experiments, and not the good kind. Perhaps you'll even be in a cage in a travelling circus.   Plus, you'll have to watch all of your family members die. Every single one of your loved ones will age and eventually wither away. To me this sounds like a miserable existence...
1	Most champions have problems in lane against Nasus. I am only in Bronze, so I don't have a lot of experience in ranked, but I specifically made a lot of 1v1 tests with my brother to find a champions that does well against the dog.   Until now, it seems like almost every champion has problems, because you can simply buy a flask and outsustain almost anyone with Nasus. What I found out: The best bets against Nasus are champions like Renekton, Riven and especially  Zed .   Zed is almost perfect against Nasus, because     he doesn't rely on mana (infinite harassment) ,   he can harass Nasus from afar,   he can deal enough damage to create a kill potential (Botrk),   he has an escape mechanism that helps him against Wither+Ganks.
1	It's because we have, like no people compared to NA or EU, even dominion is disabled. Ranked gets disabled at those times because barely anyone is on then, normal draft pick is disabled because too many game modes = everyone split between queues = Super long queue time.
0	I was a freshman in college, did much the same thing.  I was a skinny kid, he was a football player.  I took care of the foam by using my nose oil to break it up.  I think I said something along the lines of "no worries bud, I'll take care of that".  He looked at me like I was a total idiot (which I was), and made a move to punch me.  Lucky for me, my friends intervened on my behalf and calmed him down.
1	So I've mained AD my whole LoL career, and if I've learned one thing, it's how to team fight as an ad carry. I used to try to dive for the squishier carries to get rid of their damage. That worked sometimes, but a lot of the time I would just get bursted down by their tanks and carries at the same time, so I changed my play style. I figured I would evaluate the people that were diving for me and think about how much "damage" they could do to me. When you're getting dived by champs like shyvana, you need to just maximize your damage and kite her until she is dead or is running away (never chase after a low hp tank while there are other higher priority targets). But champs like amumu who have no real threat after they engage (amumu ult is pretty much all he does in team fights), you can basically ignore. Yes he does some damage, but in all honesty, you should be able to just go for a higher priority target while your support/tanks keep them off of you.
1	No you shouldn't get banned for ranting on your stream. That's like saying you can't rant about other drivers without being persecuted for insult.   The person that gets called out on stream will most likley never hear it (no they won't even on a 10k stream) and therefore not be offended. If viewers of said stream go on and add the person to insult him, it's not the streamers fault, but the viewers and the viewer should be reported and banned.   If the streamer writes it in chat, then yes, because it is an action that is punishable by the summoners code.   That out of the way: Streamers shouldn't do that. On the other hand this community is incredibly soft and gets offended by the most ridicolous shit. Why? Because no one ever learned to handle this. Smacktalk and Trashtalk are completley different things.   One is: "I'll beat you so hard, you MOMMA won't recognize you."   The other one is: "You are so bad, i will fuck you up so hard your Momma won't recognize you."   If you cannot see a difference in those two statements, you are part of the problem.
1	I heard about the movie first and went to go see it in theaters. And I remember sitting there going wtf is this!?! "Thanks for all the fish?" I was so confused ! Then I heard there were books so I started reading and your completely right if it was more accurate the movie would have been really good. But the initial nudge was how off the wall the movie was that it got me interested .
1	It's not anything that's affected anyone else, that I am certain of. Also I'm on a Mac and I've already; reinstalled my OS, fixed permissions 3 times, restarted my computer 30+ times, reinstalled League 7 or so times, repaired league 3 times, talked to my ISP 4 times, changed my router configuration drastically, tried logging in with and without my firewall on, rebooted my network twice, submitted every single log and traceroute I can possible send to my agent, run every test and tried every fix that Riot support suggested multiple times (about 20 different troubleshooting tips), I've tried fixes that people on the forums suggested for somewhat similar issues. I've tried using a VPN, I've tried using a completely different network, I've called Apple numerous times, I've basically done everything humanly possible to fix my issue. The only thing that I can be certain of after these 2 months is that it is a problem with the Mac itself and the way it connects with Maestro, it can't be a network error because as I said I tried it not only on a VPN, but I also hauled my 21.5 inch iMac over to my friend's house and tried it on his network. Oh and to top it off my old crappy Windows XP Lenovo Thinkpad can connect and I can actually play League on that, but it's so slow and laggy that it's not even worth turning on the computer.
1	The thing is, what's viable/competitive now won't necessarily be viable/competitive weeks or months from now, so it's hard to make recommendations based on that. The best thing would be just to try champions during free weeks and buy the ones you find fun. A lot of people get hung up over who the flavour of the month champions are, or what champions are "hard counters" to other champions, but that doesn't really count for much if you're playing a champion you're bad at just because someone says they're good.
1	but its compensated by high burst at level 6, ive never had a bad game as bot nid (i've lost but its never a bad lost, its always been a good game) like at level 6 if i can land a long range spear on the adc (maybe two) i can just go in, pounce/swipe/q burst is huge on an adc even at levels 9-12 (end of lane phase) leaving them within 1-3 AAs, and a cait nid lane is very hard to lane against and gank against. Late game to build what i call an item support champ, things like crucible, aura items, twin shadows And you spend your time warding and trapping while throwing poke and heal/as buff at adc. Those traps also lower mr/armor by 40% at level 5 for 12 seconds and can hit multiple targets, this is nothing to scoff at, so placing it in front of a retreating or advancing enemy team can finish off a team or turn the fight respectively. She seems to do plenty to me, especially with almost every lane having cc these days, her lack of cc can be compensated by mid/top/jungle.
0	There is a reasonable assumption that in order for you to be suitable for that specific role, then you will be required to have relevant knowledge pertaining to it.
0	Although my Asian parents are among the most liberal that I have met, they pulled a hilarious stunt on me the other day.   Living in suburban New England and going to school in the area, I never really had the option of dating Asian women. Frankly, speaking there weren't too many of them and the ones that were awesome weren't interested in Asian guys. So I usually had a better shot with white girls, which my parents were happy with.   But the other day, I'm home and next thing I know, my mom had invited her college roommate's daughter, a student straight out of China to our home. We then proceeded to go to dinner and they proceeded to force us through some awkward introductions. Afterwards, my mom asks me what I thought about her and before I got to say anything, she says "I like her, she's smart, goes to an ivy and rather attractive, although her legs could use some work."
1	WASD is the standard for PC gaming, right? you're ring finger is (it better be) on A in that situation with your index on D, it only makes sense to move them up one space to be on par with your middle finger so it'll be QWE instead of AWD.
1	I think you might be missing my point, I'm not the best at explaining things anyways. Junglers in the current version of the game don't have as much of a problem with setting up ganks, especially at high levels of play. Most squishy champs have some form of escape (Corki with Valk, Kass with Void walk, Jax with leap strike) as well as flash being the most commonly used summoner spell. What counters escapes is hard CC (Fears, stuns and knock-ups) which eve has none of now and would have little of if this remake happened.   The remake that the person suggested is more centered around wards making the game slower paced. Junglers don't gank often enough to make the game fast paced because of wards currently but making new wards that gave less vision  of enemy champions would just make players turtle up and play even less aggresive.
0	My first foray into maleware removal about 12 years ago. n
0	So I can't shit if I'm not resting my ass over something. It's not that I have week legs it's just I can't push it out if I'm squatting. So what I do and I'm sure you've heard it before many times is put toilet paper over the toilet lid.
1	I mean if you managed to hold a team that was ahead for 1 hour then Im sure you deserve not to lose that Much LP but People wont like it im sure cause Oh MMR is all there is to it dont put more factors.
1	This is going to get downvoted and buried, but a basic little lesson on contracts, specifically regarding vague terms and "unconscionable" clauses in contracts.   First:  the lack of an appeals process means nothing. Really. The appeals process that remains is court action. The waiver clause (waiving TSMs ability to even bring a claim in contract in court), given the contract, seems to lack sufficiency to hold up in court on this issue. If it does, then I'm sorry to say that people  can  enter into bad contracts, and if they want out, they have to go through processes to do that. There's no inherent right for someone to receive an absolutely fair contract.   Second : Vagueness of the clause in question: Riot has a clause that seems vague dealing with LCS regulations and rulings. A vague clause in a contract is  not  illicit per se. Rather, vague clauses (with ambiguous terms) can allow for the introduction of Parole evidence to define the clause. Parole evidence means any evidence outside the contract (and I'm assuming the contract between the groups is a completely integrated agreement, with this vague term). What this means is the groups can present evidence to prove that the terms in question function in a specific way.   Third : Unconscionable clause: Reggie could try to claim that the LCS ruling clause is unconscionable. This will be very hard to prove. On the procedural front, Reggie (and TSM) have full freedom to enter into the contract if they so desire, and are paid by Riot. That side is fine. The issue turns on whether there is substantive unconscionability.   Simply put, the terms in the contract are unfavorable, in some instances, to the teams, but they are not unreasonably unfavorable. They do not "shock" anyone reading the contract. They do not limit the ability of contract holders to actually break the contract at any time. Now, the waiver of suit may be unconscionable (depending on the circumstances; given both sides are sophisticated actors, a court may have less tolerance to entertain Reggie's claim that this was unconscionable), but the ruling likely will not be. Again, Reggie had no obligation to take this deal, and he may leave it if he desires.   As such, despite wild accusations on this subreddit, that clause will likely not be deemed unconscionable. Same with the "no appeal" clause, as appeals are not expected in contracts between employer and employee, or other contracted entities. Instead, issues typically are brought as claims to a court or resolved via 3rd party arbitration.   Fourth : Claim to bring against Riot.   At most, Reggie can claim that he has had 2000$ withheld from him. However, to accomplish this, Reggie first has to overcome the waiver clause (which would take time, resources, and could easily fail). Waiver clauses are often deemed unconscionable ( see Supra ), but if this clause was not, Reggie would instantly fail (and lose whatever money he spent on a lawyer. Given the typical 350$ per hour fee, that could easily exceed the $2000 right there). Riot will contest other aspects of the sufficiency of the claim in this step, as well.   Reggie would have to claim that his denial of funds was unwarranted under the contract. Again, Riot will contest this claim.  They'd have to present evidence against each other. Given the massive amount of correspondence that Riot deals with, and the nature of discovery, this could cost a small fortune (hundreds of thousands of dollars) just to ascertain the info.   Then Reggie would have to prove that the information was sufficient to even bring the claim against riot, lest summary judgment be entered on behalf of Riot against him. If he cannot, and discovery reveals that key facts are not in dispute (they may not be, but who knows?), then Reggie will instantly lose. Again, losing all the money he's spent so far.   That's even before we get to full trial (if he goes that way).   If arbitration, there is still the initial processes to overcome (but the issue then won't go to trial). And arbitration might even be appealed.
