1	Some thoughts about game changes from a Silver 5 support main:   Biggest change in that time was the jungle.  New jungle hurts a lot so you will probably go back soon after first few camps. The changes are big enough that you would probably be wise to invest a little time into watching a VOD or two (I recommend foxdrop). Short summary: upgrade machete early, smite the raptors once you don't need other buffs to survive, river crabs are amazing, and dragon rewards a buff instead of pure gold; this buff is important to secure early because getting 5x dragon buff is about the only way low elo players know how to finish a game.   Lee can thrive in the new jungle, and his early dueling damage combined with damage of the jungle creeps themselves can make for some scary counter-jungling.  J4 has been a go-to jungler for a few patches, and if you intend to jungle you should probably learn the beautiful disaster that is Nidalee jungle.   Mid: I don't really play mid but DFG is gone and I know that makes mid sad. Assassins in general seem to be struggling. Mana regen also got nerfed so resource-less champs came in to favor.   Top: still an island. Gnar release made sure every in-meta top laner could deal with his nonsense. Ryze nerf took him out of common play, but most of the other big players are still around.   ADC: Graves's rise to power was completed by the Kalista release since he can deal with her and hasn't been nerfed yet.  With the return of short range adcs, Sivir can survive lane again so she is seeing a lot of play.   Support: Games are lasting longer and ADCs are more relevent so peel and protect are seeing a lot of emphasis. May the reign of Janna be long and prosperous. Tanky supports feel mediocre at best, so Blitcrank is doing lots of fisting.
1	I think ruby sightstone is in a right place. and I dont think there is a need to buff the item base stats. The item is not about scaling in to the late game, its existence is about slot efficiency. 1 more ward to potentially drop is huge, because support tends to roam around the map alot in the mid/late game, that extra ward can be used to scout or when one of your ward gets cleared, especially in the late game your allies have completed items or have no slot for any wards. The extra heath is a huge bonus on top of sight stone. There is an incentive to upgrade, but for its slot efficiency, so your point about not different to sightstone is wrong, for example Hexdrinker provides a similar passive to Maw of Malmortius, people who buys Hexdrinker is for countering AP bursts and some AD, the Maw is just an upgrade for the item for that slot efficiency while having more base stats and extra passive.   You talk about support incorporate survive ability in their build, but there are tons of complete/incomplete item that already does that, locket/crucible for MR and randuins or just a Warden's mail for Armour. Support is more about positioning while providing CC and peel to ADC, they are NOT top laners who happens to have sightstone, there is a need to provide survive ability in their build, and there are already items for that.   You talk about item scaling to late game, the average wards I drop on the map across my games are around 20-30, and since I maybe buy 3 green ward per game, rudy sightstone accounts for 17 wards is 146.7% efficient. IF there is any buff towards its base stat, you could potentially see all jungler getting the item, yes it may not be a bad thing, but recovering vision control from the losing side will be much harder and snowballing from vision control (like season 2) will have a comeback, simply because currently it can be difficult for support to ward both sides of the map with just 3 green ward and 1 pink ward, with jungler getting sightstone there is enough ward available between just TWO people to light up the map like a christmas tree, let alone the other three players.   The whole point about sight stone having a limited number is to reduce the amount of ward spam as you would compared to season 2, where support literally walked around the map lighting it up like a christmas tree for the next three minutes, so if you spam warding for any particular reason and wants ruby sightstone buffed, then you need to look towards improving your vision control knowledge and back timing to get more wards.
1	I didn't like the disrespect at the end of the second game. I am happy that EU gets a point, but, seriously, I feel ashamed for that behaviour.   But well, then we ask ourself why our community is so toxic. This is an official event, with pro players and they only lacked to say "gg easy".   And for those who say "It just a joke, dude". No. It isn't. You are in a foreign country, in front of thousand of people and with a lot of pressure in your shoulders, for you are "defending" your region's pride. The last thing one person with sportmanship spirit would do is to continue to humillate the already defeated enemy.   Dignitas was already defeated, without chance to defend themselves in that situation. Only people with a total lack of sportmanship would have done that.   As an european I feel ashamed that this is the image we address to the world.
1	No, but because of the weak early game it might be hard to carry really hard if your team is getting destroying in laning phase.   Also because Vayne is such a strong duelist, people want to 1v1... Late game.. this could mean getting baited into a 1v1 turning out to be a 1v3, then dying, thus throwing/losing the game :D
0	I think it's just that the formula grows stale, so there's not as much of a click in your head that there is when something is truly novel and funny to you. Clearly, we are seeing evidence that these memes are still funny, but it's not the same for us anymore.   A relevant anecdote: I stepped out of the "intarwebs" game for a while. From late-2009 to late-2011, I didn't look at sites like reddit or 4chan. You would be surprised how much I missed: the birth of many "advice animals" like GGG and SS, the explosion of Rage Comics outside of 4chan, and of course many other passing fads or continual success of more familiar ones. One thing that was completely new to me when I re-entered the scene was "autocorrect fails." I read a few composites somebody made of these failures and practically passed out laughing, let alone crying. Something about them just struck a cord, making me laugh with more intensity than I had in a long time, and haven't since. Unfortunately, I soon realized they were all fake and grew tired of them very quickly.   It's strange and sad that what we find so damned funny one minute can eventually not even make us grin. Laughter is a more profound and complex cathartic experience than people like to credit it, meaning that the death of humor for you can almost feel like heartbreak when it was something truly great.
0	Last week I had lost my keys for a few days. It caused a huge problem and an argument between my boyfriend and I. He accused me of hiding them so he would have to give me a ride to my cousins birthday party (yeah, right). I ended up thinking I wouldn't go since he refused to give me a ride. At the last moment a mutual friend of ours (cousin and I) picked me up and took me to the party. Anyways, two days later and I am still freaking out about my keys. Boyfriend is beginning to believe I hadn't purposely hid my keys from myself. We dug through my entire storage unit to find my spare key - it was way in the back of course. So, another day passes and we are discussing changing the lock on our door just in case someone picked up the keys in front of the house - where I suspected I had dropped them. I go to check for my wallet in my purse to see how much money I had (to decide if I could afford to change the knob and locks). My wallet is gone! I'm looking everywhere in my purse. It's a large purse, but not a suitcase. I dumped everything out onto the bed. My bf is watching me freak out. But wait! My purse felt heavy even though I'd dumped its contents out....oh shit. There was a small pocket within the purse to put little things like change (about 2" long)etc. the lining of the purse by that pocket had ripped...I stuck my hand in there and lo and behold!!! My fucking keys, wallet, $20, and $8 in quarters I had lost that were meant to pay for my laundry. We haven't talked about this since it happened.
1	Every single game all i see is games getting turned around by bad Baron calls.. All the time baron baron baron why is there so much stupid shit going on at baron? Someone goes in alone or 2v5 just to TRY and pick up an "awesome steal" but instead they give them another extra 300g + assist gold 9 out of 10 times and give the enemies easy mode push 5v4 with baron.   Even if the enemy has baron you can beat them if you are 5v5 because they were so ahead in the game. But everytime there's something going on with baron there's a disadvantageous fight, a forced fight a baited fight a fight they shouldn't pick or a fight they aren't prepared for (enemy have pots and they dont f.ex).
1	Maybe it's because I'm trying to play Rumble like a champion that he's not, but I don't see it. I find half the time I can only safely farm with my flamespitter on, which doesn't deal enough damage to take cs on its own, but still deals enough to make it hard to judge.   Taking cs under turret is hard too. Most of the time I've already used my flamespitter to try to shove the wave before it hits the turret and failed, so all of the CS are on wonky health bars. You can't use Q without putting ALL of the ranged minions low enough to be killed by the turret, and a rumble that's behind in levels often has that awful moment where the melee creeps need 2 autos from you to die after taking 2 turret shots.   Harpoons are nice, especially once you get a few points in them, but it's super hard to last hit anything from distance with a level 1 harpoon, even if you're in the danger zone. I honestly cannot think of anybody I've ever played who I've had a harder time last hitting with, and I've damn well near played every single champion in the game at this point. Shit, it's easier to cs with most supports in a solo lane than it is with rumble.
1	So many things wrong with this have already been listed, such as it being abused and leaving becoming much more common, but a big unsaid one is this: what about the other team?   Yes, it's definitely frustrating to play 4v5, but the game is still playable, and given that this could only apply to normals in the first place, it's entirely just a game. So while one person leaving might make the game less fun for the 4 people on that persons team, more people or all people leaving flat out would ruin the game for everyone. It's a matter of what's best for everyone, and slight negativity for four people is far less worse than complete abandonment of the game for everyone   The only possible way I see this being implemented in a balanced way is that after X minutes, a game wide vote could be taken about allowing people to leave freely, but even then you still have the other issues of ruining for the minority and increased leaving
1	Not participating in team chat during champ select. Okay, so you're second pick and I'm #5. If you want top, just say so. Don't be a dick and insta lock whatever you want. Also be respectful to you possibly forcing someone in to a role they're really bad at. I mean we were all just chatting about roles for at least 30 seconds during bans.   I've had too many games where I asked for top, no response. Excellent, it's mine. Wait.. This guy just locked Darius. Jungle? But #4 asked for jungle. So... what's happening? We ask what role.   Pick#2> top   Me> But I called top   Pick#2> First pick, you can adc   Well, thanks you your inability to chat during all this, I'm now forced in to my possibly second to worst role, only behind AP mids. I can almost promise you we'll lose botunless our support is Xpecial caliber.
0	Some conditions, yes. But not perfectly. There are false positives and false negatives.   Other times, the parents can have their dna examined for problem markers and see what they share which might be carried down. This too, is not perfect because it's a matter of probability and well, the more we learn about how the genetic code works the more we find out it's as predictable as we hoped.   Of course, this testing is EXTRAVAGANTLY expensive and hugely propitiatory by the lab or institute doing the testing. You can bank on insurance not electing to pick up the tab for the average couple. It's generally after people have consistently birthed children within a family with genetic defect that they approach genetic counseling to see if having a child without the defect is possible.
1	I'm going to repost my canned reply to this question:   I'd like to take the chance here, assuming I don't get downvoted, to clear some things up.   I'm a Systems Administrator for a large company that handles a very large infrastructure. We also use Internap, just like Riot does.   The LoL client is essentially two things: a web browser, and a chat client that uses the XMPP chat protocol. The infrastructure LoL runs on is fairly complex; Hadoop for the storage layer, Java for the server software layer (I think!) and a number of caching systems such as memcache, terracotta, etc. The client does not know what server, or set of servers, the user will be playing on. There is no way to know which part of the infrastructure you will be hitting.   Ah, but I'm sure you're thinking, "So what? All we need is ping times to their gateway device!" Not so fast. I imagine that internally, Riot servers are stacked on MPIO and/or stacked switches. The bandwidth and usage of these switches are also subject to packet loss and degradation, along with iowait at the OS level. See where I'm going?   Unless the client knows the exact server you are going to end up on, the client can not test the path all the way up your ISP, to Internap, into their gateway, up their switching system, into the server. Any and all of these things matter in getting an accurate ping time. Not to mention delays in their caching system (because, lol, Java mark-and-sweep), and all their networking paths, OS iowait, etc. Even if, IF the client did know the exact server it was going to end up using, Riot would have to handle even more connections (because if I were Riot, there is no way in hell I would allow ICMP into my game servers...) on every single server figuring out the delay between packet communications. Further, even IF Riot allowed pings into their game servers, it wouldn't be indicative as to any actual delay times you would feel due to delay outside of packet delay, such as the aforementioned caching systems, storage layer, database layer, and all the networking paths in-between them.
0	As someone who frequented 4chan way back in the day, I'd have to say that you have no idea how much of your ass you are talking out of. Even this too damn high meme is new, relatively speaking. Every meme you know and love was cancer at some point, and I bet all of them are years younger than the ones that I remember complaining about as they became prolific.
0	Close.  "If you find a man seeking only the affection of those who are great, depend upon it he is ambitious and self-seeking; but when you observe that a man seeks the affection of those who can do nothing for him, but for whom he must do everything, you know that he is not seeking himself, but that pure benevolence sways his heart."     Charles Spurgeon
1	Yes he is good. Not the best, but not near as bad as everyone makes him out to be. His laser with death upgrade is an AOE long range nuke with a 325+.91AP ratio at level 5. His W is a AOE slow/stun that lasts for 1.5s. His ultimate does decent burst damage as well as strong DoT and a short silence that adds up to a total of 1050+2.3AP at level 3.  His passive provides him with an item that enhances his laser to retarded power levels and gives him 99 AP for 1000 gold only. He is hurt by his loss of an item slot, that much is true, but it usually isn't a huge issue. His short range and his cooldowns can be a problem if you don't manage them properly, and his skills can be hard to land consistently.
1	You're saying take baron first and come back for the inhib, but I usually think about it the other way round.   If you take the inhib that lane will push, and in solo que people don't keep on top of those lanes so eventually someone, usually ADC jung or top laner, will have to defend it which leads to an easy baron or forcing the 4v5 teamfight.   If the enemy teamfight 4v5 chances are they will lose and you can baron anyway, if they don't defend the lane it will push (and those super minions can take towers like a boss) and you still have a chance to win the 5v5 teamfight or just disengage, and if they don't fight you get a fee baron.
1	It's half and half, really.  Of course if you build armor it's going to take longer for her to kill you, but at the same time her W makes it so that there's a limit to how long you can survive against her.   Your argument is a bit flawed anyways since you're using tumble as the comparison.  Let's say you attack once per minute (which is true for an itemless lvl 18 vayne), then you would get a tumble every other auto.  Using your numbers on a 2000 hp squishy (220 damage per W proc, ~73 true damage per hit), you would need to be hitting for 243 (not 243 AD, you need to hit for 243 after armor reduction) in order for tumble to be a bigger DPS boost than silver bolts.
1	That's neat
1	Reaction Time =/= Mechanics.  It is a factor of mechanics, but conflating the two is a mistake.  The worst mechanical player in the world could conceivably have the highest reaction time.
0	Right, and in a perfect world, those employees would always get that money. In the real world, a server who claims less than minimum wage is going to get accused of underclaiming tips and be fired (or threatened with it), particularly in a right-to-work state.   I have literally never heard of a server actually receiving money from their employer to make up the difference to minimum wage.   Obviously, speaking only from my experience.
1	One NA team has only one player from Hawaii or something.   One EU team played half their games without their jungler and still managed to beat TSM.   Fnatic lost the possibly closest match ever due to a possible bug.   If alliance didn't throw vs Kabum and SK didn't receive a ban there would have maybe been no NA team advancing out of groups.   Sorry, i really fail to see how NA > EU.   All that is confirmed so far is that NA got lucky and KR is still the best region out there.   This whole NA > EU or EU > NA thing is SO STUPID. No matter which team just won. Tomorrow ALL could beat C9 in a friendly and everyone would go EU > NA? Cmon it's silly.
1	I dont know if you guys remember it but doublelift got trolled by a "fan" whos name is "aphromo" a while back (notice that the real aphros name is "aphromOO"). He invited DL to duoQ and dlift accepted blindly. So the game starts and DL realized that he played with a silver player. He easily won the game duo to people being lower mrr then him. He carried hard as ezreal. So in the end DL said something in the lines of "so i can just duoQ with a bronze and climb ladder for free".
0	actually, as proteins coagulate (cook) they squeeze out water in the meat so the more well done it is, the drier it is.  however, those parts of the bird that are submerged in broth will suck in water as osmosis attempts to balance the saline concentrations. additionally, the more connective tissue in the meat, the better it responds to long, wet, low-heat cooking, "tenderizing" and "moisturizing" the meat.   source: im a chef
1	Personally, I agree that Bloodthirster is a very good item for graves as it gives him a shield which scales with his bonus resistances, allows him to heal from poke, and the AD gives him very strong burst with comboing spells and auto attacks.   However, I would push back that 2nd item last whisper to 3rd unless the opposing jungler and toplaner are both building randuin's omen 2nd item. If you're not building IE first, then you should build it 2nd because it provides just as much burst as BT and will enhance your auto attacks that much further (also lets you lifesteal faster).   Seperately though, the reason everyone is building IE, PD, and Shiv first or second item and playing very auto attack dependent champions is because of not only the AD normalization on IE and BT, but also due to how  taking objectives is more important than ever!  And you can't use abilities alone to take towers. Building your AD+Attack Speed+Crit items first gives the most damage possible to champions, monsters, and towers.  Putting more emphasis on spell damage still gives good Champion damage, but lackluster Tower and Monster damage all while being heavily mana-gated .
0	That's what my experience was like but then I found the joy of subreddits. There's so many of them that you can easily find one that lets you participate without feeling like the guy trying to jump into the middle of a conversation. Plus smaller communities generally are free from the social pressures of the rest of the hivemind so you can just talk about stuff without feeling the need to shove memes down people's throats just to get noticed.
1	i used malphite ALOT when i first started playing. hes tanky so when you make a mistake you arent dead immediately. Building armor on him increases the damage on his E ability which is nice. You want to build him primarily with Health to boost his passive shield and his abilities mostly scale with Ability Power (AP) or magic damage. Rod of Ages is a pretty good item for malphite for the HP, AP, and mana.   Laning- Use his passive especially against ranged champs. He can be mana hungry early so use his Q every once in a while on the enemy champ to bully him away from getting CS (creep score) also known as farming, that is farming gold from minions by last hitting them. When you take damage to break your shield retreat a bit until it comes back up (i think its 8 seconds?) you can hide behind your minions or jump in the bushes for a few secs. just make sure you stay kind of close to the minions so you gain the experience if you cant get the gold. malphite rarely gets kills pre 6 so you can be fairly aggressive but just make sure not to die that is most important. if you have harassed them enough with your q and made sure to take damage when your passive is up, your opponents health could be low enough  by the time you hit 6 to 'all in' with your ult(r)-e-q combo and snag a kill.   items- malphite can go ALOT of ways item wise and still be viable. You may be the only tank on your team so you will just want to stack health/armor/magic resist. alot of armor items have mana so sometimes you will sacrifice the Rod of Ages mana/AP for the extra armor. Get ninja Tabi boots unless the enemy team has alot of CC (crowd control-stuns, slows, snares, fears, etc) get mercury treads so you can have that extra speed from your q to catch up to enemies and secure a kill. Stay away from AD (attack damage, also the damage dealt by all basic attacks) items since his abilities scale off of AP.   His ult- His late game ult can end a fight before it begins. If you can be patient and wait for the right time when the entire enemy team clusters up for a perfect hit, youre almost guaranteed an ace if your team is behind you. But dont be hesitant to use it on a single target to secure a kill or initiate a fight if youre jungler is ganking at that moment. You can also use it to escape a gank as the ult cannot be interupted and can go over walls if you have enough room.
1	Let me start with: I don't like Athene. But all of us, including you are doing everything to help him out. Maybe he really is a persona and actually is a nice guy and just pretends to be a jerk to piss off some people. The truth is everyone, including you with your post just now, is supporting him. He makes those controversial videos like the one where he claims to stop streaming and such so people would making him more popular. Yes he looks like a clear *sshole but thats fine with him and his cause because we all talk about it. And us talking about it makes him more popular. People who don't know athene read your post about him, and see how other people hate him too and they will look him up. And this way he got known by other people. And this keeps on going the more people rampage about him on reddit and forums and all the other media. If everyone would just ignore him and let him be where he is and ignore how much of an ass he is just report him after a game with him. Simple as that he would just fade away into the nothingness :)
0	Freshman or just first time seeing the school's "custom" books?  At my school, a lot of classes use these custom books.  It's not a school specific book in the sense that has different problems or different information, the schools will make deals with the publishers to provide these customs with only the chapters necessary for the class.  For most classes, you won't cover a full text so chopping out all unnecessary chapters, it actually makes the texts less expensive.  In many cases, you can purchase an older edition of the book.  The chapter numbers may not match up perfectly and you may miss out on an updated case study or two, but the core of the books really don't change.  NEVER buy your books before your first class unless the professor explicitly instructs you to.  Always ask if they are ok with you using an older edition of the book.  Generally, I don't like going more than 2 editions back.  If it's a math class and homework will be assigned from the book, you're kind of out of luck.  Math authors are assholes.  They change up the numbers in the problems in each edition.  Exact same problems, different numbers so you have to buy the new version.  When this is the case though, a lot of times professors will put a copy of the text on reserve in the library where you can scan copies from the books.  At least this way you can buy the cheaper version on Amazon or elsewhere.  For the classes that require the online access, you can almost always buy access separately and a lot of the time a free e-copy of the book is provided with the online access.  I had one this semester - $180 text with online access.  $80 just to buy the online access and full version of the ebook with iPad app was included.
1	I will try to give everyone a (kind of) deep explanation on how to play as Morgana and how to build her up.   Item-wise, an underbuilt item on morgana is Frozen Heart : CDR (utility) + Mana (sustain thanks to your passive) + Armor (survability) + aoe AS reduction makes it an excellent choice for this AP carry. Another item I would go for, sometimes even before Deathcap, is Abyssal Scepter and I'll explain why Frozen Heart and Abyssal Scepter are core items on Morgana. When playing morgana, during lategame, when everyone is grouped as 5, you will flash onto enemy team, then ult + zhonya. The thing is that as you are in the middle of the enemy team, you will shred their magic resistance with the Abyssal Scepter and then you will slow their attackspeed with Frozen Heart. This, added to your damage and your stun, is a lot of utility for just one single champion.   The armor provided by Frozen Heart + mana + CDR  and the magic resistance and the nice ap boost coming from Abyssal Scepter will make you win nearly every teamfight. If you get blue buff , or even with the right masteries, you'll cap the 40% cooldown reduction easily.   My build at the end of the game should look like :   ROA + ZHONYA'S + Boots (merc or sorcerers) + DEATHCAP + ABYSS / Void Staff / FROZEN HEART / Banshee's  [zhonya's being the core item in your build]. You will hit q's for more than 1300 damage.   Another thing I really encourage is configuring a binding for smartcasting E on yourself. This will help you A LOT during laning phase because they won't be able to gank you and kill you if you are above 50 % health. I also turn off smarcast on Q and sometimes W. Landing Q's is absolutely essential as Morgana. Succesful Q's will help you initiate teamfights (with high chances of succes) or getting kills by chasing enemies.While farming, try to land W on all the caster minions because you can't no longer land it on both melee and caster creeps. When you have blue buff, tier2 boots, just clear minion waves as fast as you can with one or two pools and go top or bot for an easy gank as landing Q will ensure you a kill.   As I hope you can feel, I really love Morgana, and in my opinion, she is without any doubt one of the strongest if not the strongest AP carry in the game.   Peace - [sorry for my bad english]
1	I don't think you understand the importance of the support role. Support, along with Jungler are two of the most important roles in solo queue. Supports hold more power than ADC's for the first 15 minutes or so in the game, which are key minutes to set the pace of the whole match. A good or bad play from the support can either win or lose you bot lane, which will lead to dragon for one of the teams, and can start the snowball. Clutch plays toward mid and end game can seal the deal and win it for you as well.   Just because a support doesn't last hit doesn't mean you should assume they have issues laning. It's a really stupid generalization that has no evidence to back it up.
0	Gather round children, to hear my tale of woe.   Over the summer, I worked at a daycare. It was fun, but that is besides the point. One day, the supervisor came up to me. She said, "tomorrow, we are having a special day. In the playroom, there will be buckets and buckets, enough to fill the entire room, of Legos."   So obviously I'm excited. If the kids are playing with them, that means I get to play with them. All day I waited, patiently.   The next day arrives. The room supervisor decides to go at the end of the day. Aww. Whatever, I have waited this long, I can handle a few more hours.   The time comes.   We lead them upstairs. I'm excited, the kids are excited, oh joy of joys!   Two containers of megablocks in the far corner. That's it. I nearly cried.   What monster does that, raise your hopes and just crashes them down?
0	Yeah, sometimes that doesn't take. I got asked by some kids once in the parking lot of a Walgreen's. At the time I was working midnights, and I was there to pick up a prescription before going to work at something like eleven-thirty at night, so it's pitch dark and the place is deserted. Keep in mind that I'm female and under five feet for intimidation factor. I got approached by four high school aged boys before walking in, and when I told them no to their request for liquor, they started harassing me (calling me a pussy/loser etc. and telling me that they'd mess with my car while I was inside). I ended up telling them that if they didn't leave me alone I was going to call the cops, and that I was going to tell the cashier that they were approaching people in the parking lot. They quick got into their car and peeled out before I'd even made it through the doors.
0	I saw a guy next to his car which had broken down, banking up traffic. I was about 5 cars back in the queue and as it was a two lane road, there was no way to go around, except into heavy oncoming traffic.   Nobody else got out of their car to help. When I returned to my car, the people behind my car started shouting abuse at me for leaving my car cause they had to wait for me to return.
1	I used to play only Janna. I've since switched to only Sona.   I don't think Janna is weak, just that there is little advantage in picking her. Sona can easily carry her lane (95% of the time regardless of how experienced her AD is) and still be useful late with her ultimate. Janna, on the otherhand, feels a bit more dependent on her AD to be able to farm and trade properly (she can't poke with her 475 auto range without getting severely punished and Janna has bad mana problems if she uses Q and W liberally). I've played 300 games with Janna this season, and I still have a bad ult occasionally (whether it's because: I suck, I think we should disengage and my team disagrees, or an enemy anticipates what I'm going to do and flashes at the right time) which completely fucks up fights. If I miss an ult as Sona, I don't projectile their carries to safety. Also, Lulu has almost as good kiting as Janna, WAYYYYYYY better poke, and can help initiate and protect her carries with poly and Q. The only thing Janna has going for her is that she is almost impossible to kill when warding if she has ult/flash.
1	tbh, I haven't seen one change the guys done that I've liked. While pulsefire might not've been his fault I didn't like it and I was gosh darn lucky to have the rp saved for months waiting for pfe to come out and they had him half price, it was cool when I got it but tbh it's like my other 5 legendaries they're really cool and I don't regret buying them but tbh pfe wasn't worth 3k rp for, 1860 rp is where he should've gone. Kog' Maw's been out for 2 years now same with anivia and corki. Kog'maw should've been 3150 ip alongside corki. Anivia is a high skill champ then put her down to 4800 ip so super newbie's don't just get her and get destroyed. I mean reducing the rp costs by less than a dollar on champions that have been out SINCE BETA! I could see if this was a champ released early this year, but...beta champs? champs we can get the digital pack for 30 bucks as a newbie and get about 45 bucks worth of champs for plus 2 skins? This guy apperently doesn't know his crap if he's experimenting with prices. You go by history, and history has shown that nobody gives a hoodah about the spread of what you get in a champ bundle, kha'zix's bundle is the same price...fine but tbh, that skin is no more different any recent 975 skin, sure it has new models and crap but so does jayce he has 2 models, udyr has 4! their skins are still 975! and people don't generally buy champs with rp unless it's the bundle or if it's on sale...yes preadopters are good they've always sold many a bundle on release I've bought a good many of them, but I don't wanna see the new guys face that gets to play this kha' zix guy on a free week 2 weeks after his bundle is gone and say "wait why does his skin cost more than the one that has the same level of detail on other champions" ppl just won't buy it and you lose people's interest in your product. It's probably why black ops 2's elite is gonna be free, NOBODY CARED TO BUY IT LAST TIME.
1	Honestly, just watch TheOddOne's stream.  He's pretty hilarious and probably has the best jungle commentary.   As a jungle main, though, here are the biggest pieces of advice I can give:     Learn how to snowball - I had a 72% winrate as Jungle Mundo last season (gold).  A big part of this was because I took advantage of my team's strength.  In particular, by contesting buffs.  The first buff a jungler takes will respawn by 7:15 or so.  You should usually try to contest that buff unless you think your team would lose if a teamfight breaks out around that buff (most junglers don't time their buffs, though, so you can usually try to straight up steal it regardless if you can take it quickly).  Be sure to communicate to your team to contest the buff; make sure they aren't low when you try to contest it.  They should also try to push out their lanes to make it more difficult for the other laners to respond.  Once you take that buff, you have its timer so you can do the same thing AGAIN after five minutes.  Buff camps give a huge amount of exp, so repeated steals will hurt the opposing jungler and prevent them from handing the buff to a laner.  Additionally, stealing red buff allows you to hand off your own red buff to top/bot, which usually will allow them to destroy their lane opponent.     Be in their heads - When trying to gank, think about how laners usually ward.  For example, (flip if you're on purple side) top lane usually wards the entrance to your blue buff while bot lane usually wards the tribush and a lane bush.  This means you can gank top by going through their jungle and into their tribush while you can gank bot by simply running down the river.  You can also do some crazy ganks by, say, walking into the opposing blue buff entrance and flashing over the wall into the edge of their tower range or, for top, waiting in the river bush when the laner returns after their first recall.  If they put down a ward, they'll usually try to walk past you to put down a ward at your blue entrance, basically handing you the gank on a silver platter (though in S3 a lot of top laners are starting with wards, so check this at the beginning).  Get in the opposing jungler's head as well.  If you see one of your lanes overextending, especially if it's fed and/or the opposing lane is being pressured, you can wait nearby for a countergank.  If you take a buff level 1, you can expect the opposing jungler to steal your corresponding buff.  Plead with your support to ward that buff for you so you can kill him if the jungler does try to take it.  Even if you don't kill him, you'll usually end up wasting him time and an escape summoner.  Also, if the jungler is low after a gank, you can often find him taking wraiths/wolves before he recalls.     Blood Frenzy - Be like a shark if someone blows Flash, especially on characters with escapes.  In Season 3, time Flashes (5 minute base c/d in S3) and camp that lane hard (unless another lane really needs the help).  After all, a second and third gank will likely yield results as well as their tears.     Triage - Sometimes, either a lane is simply not salvageable (for example, if a laner like Nidalee who can't help much with ganks loses her lane) or all your lanes are losing, focus your ganks on the lane that can snowball the best and camp that hard.  You'll get yelled at by the other lanes, but it's usually for the best; you can't be everywhere at once.
0	I had the same thing happen, they quoted me a price of $400 and said no hidden charges and includes everything to move one bedroom apartment.  After they loaded everything up, they said sign the paperwork so they can go and unload, the charge changed from $400 to $1100 and they refused to change anything and said if I have an issue they can hold my stuff in the storage until Monday and then I can talk to the manager.   But if I did that, they would charge me storage fees for the weekend.  In the end I had no choice but to pay them as they had my baby's furniture, and dishes as well.   Left a bad review on Yelp, two days later I get an email from Yelp saying the review is removed due to privacy concerns.
1	This. His AP scalings are pretty good, you can even rush DFG. Second item (or first in certain matchups) should be Zhonya's Hourglas, which results in a Diana-like assassin playstyle. DFG-> R-AA-W-AA-EQ - Zhonyas - R out. Also you do not need a mana item, passive w gives enough for farming and trading (esp. post 6, as you can hit your W on the enemy champion) . You can use multiple R's in extended teamfights up to like 600 mana (4 times) without going out of mana when AA 1 or 2 times. Final build is something like Zhonya's + DFG + Void Staff + Lich Bane + Rabadon's + Sorc Boots.
1	I've being trying both EWQ and EQW for a series of games, and I feel maxing Q second is much more beneficial. Of course, W makes you fast and fun, but maxing it is only good for passive, as you won't to be spamming it as long as you want to be able to keep up. And the reduced cooldown on Q with an ability to cast an extra tornado every two ones is extremely crucial. Ever had that creepy feeling when some Warwick ults your ally, and your Q is on cooldown for some reason?
0	My first solo flight ever at age 15 I was going from my home in Atlanta to visit family in Vt, I was super excited had a window seat and everything.  I get on the plane find my seat get all my things stowed away and sit down and buckle in.  Then I see them, this couple a man and wife and they are fucking huge walking towards the 2 seats next to me I remember thinking "please no not these seats".   They proceed to sit down in the seats and I remember the horror in my mind as I realized that not only was I not going to have an arm rest because his fat roll took up the whole arm rest but also his arm was going to be taking about 1/5 of my actual seat because his fat roll was occupying the arm rest.  I spent the entire 4 hour flight crammed into what was left of my precious window seat, holding in a pee because I wasn't going to try to get these two massive people to get up twice during the flight to let me out of my seat.  15 year old me was devastated and too young to speak up about my discomfort for the entire flight.   To this day I am a firm believer that if you take up an arm rest with your fat roll it is entirely reasonable to be asked to buy another seat or a more expensive wider seat, because it is not fair to cause another person on the flight to be crammed into less than the whole seat they paid for.  If it ever anything like this ever happens again either me or them are moving seats because I wont put up with that shit.
0	Somewhat similar. I used to work at a small breakfast/lunch deli. There were five employees in total. We were fairly close to the Jersey Shore making summer a busy time for us. One year after beach season had ended and business started to slow down the owner told us it was one of the most profitable summers he's had in the past 20 years. We thought that would be a perfect time to ask for a pay raise for the crew. Nothing too far out of the realm of reason, probably would have only increased payroll by about 250 bucks a week split between 5 people. The owner said he would take it under consideration. A week later he comes in and tells everyone to go outside and check out the new Hyundai Santa Fe he had just got...paid for in cash. We never got those raises and shortly after that two employees quit, myself included.
1	Her ult actually does require some skill to use. I remember a couple weeks back there was a thread for people asking mains of champions for tips on how to play certain champions and a lot of people asked how to play Kayle and I gave a lot of good tips in that thread. Her ult is not just press R on someone, you have to first determine who is fed on your team, who is most likely to be focused, etc. In team fights, depending on the positioning of your team, you may have to ult a different person each team fight depending on who is where. Also, a lot of people think a good Kayle ult is when you ult someone who is low and about to die - but that's not good. A good Kayle ult is when you ult someone BEFORE they take a lot of burst damage that way they can get out of the fight with all of/most of their health remaining rather than end a team fight with no health and have to back. Also, she most definitely does not have single target burst anymore, she used to be able to two shot people but now she takes 5-6 shots even for squishies. Besides, she has LESS range than Vayne.
1	I don't have any problems with your ideas; Cory presented an argument, you posted a counter, I differed from your post. That's it as far as I am concerned.   I only said that the problem people are having is the way in which you are responding. This is an open forum for free ideas, why bring aggression into it? Even the guy on your side admits you are being a bit harsh:   > Cor doesn't really make the effort to make polite overtures.
1	This could be the greatest thing to ever happen to you.   You have so much talent when it comes to this game and, if you practice your face off, you could be a potential pro player or at least on a challenger team. However, all of the shit you have stirred up in the community over the past few months with the boosting, the bitching, and the questionable stream content has made a lot of people lose faith in you. Now, and rightly so, you are banned from playing this game on the aforementioned accounts.   Use this banning as a way to start fresh. Make a new account, get it to 30, buy some champs, and push diamond/challenger like you've done so many times. None of this is hard for you, and I think if you just started fresh and cleaned your reputation off a little bit on both streams and on forums, you could be a great addition to the community.
0	You do know what the correct way to make chicken stock (or any stock for that matter) is to boil the bones with water once, then throw away that first stock, right? And then you boil the second stock, pour water and boil the bones. Then you have the right kind of stock.
0	Hey, my grandfather was run over by a German truck during the occupation. He did what any hot-blooded Dane would do: He filed a claim for lost wages due to sickness. He was refused, and hated the Germans until his dying day.
1	I like the editing on this video, but I feel like you just took every kill he made this day into this vid. Ofcourse, there are loads of good plays by him, but for example, at 2:35 it kinda looks to me like Mundo isnt trying his best or having lags and 3:22 he literally just Q's a low hp Mundo, which anyone could pull off.
0	Just broke up with my girlfriend of nearly a year because she was mentally, verbally, and finally physically abusive.  My friends have been telling me to end it for over 6 months but I just thought I could fix her.  I ended up paying over $2,000 worth of bills and giving her every spare minute of my time because I was downright afraid of making her angry.
1	Humans want the liberty to do w/e they want, if it's not available, its more desired. Thats the reason why guys are put in the friendzone, being available all the time takes the interest away.
1	actually the jungle is really tough because u have to do a lot of works for the team:     Control your own buff    counter ganks    take oracle as early as possible while u stil have to make ganks an so take risks to loose it   try not to take the kills when u gank a lane   give your mid lane wraiths after 10 minutes in the game (and possibly wolves aswell )   dont fail your smite on dragon / nashor   do a better job at ganking than opposite jungler    performs all that's above while having almost as much gold as the support     ps: i'm a main jungler and i'll keep jungling no matter what
0	I was at a bar a couple weeks ago and bought several pitchers for my group on my card.  When it was time to leave, I went to the bar (who held my card) and the bartender was running around etc.  I went to the bar and the guy was, admittedly, running around and seemed a bit frazzled.  I waited at the end of the bar until he came by (by the register) at which point I called over   "Hey bud, can I cash out when you get a second".   He turned around fast and sudden, square to me and snapped "Wait your godamn turn, alright?!"   I was pretty stunned.  He then was like,   "Whats your name?"   I told him and he ran my card for me, and gave me the paid tab (before I even looked at it, mind you).   I was so pissed off not only did I specifically tip him 0.00 on the bill, I wrote a nice little "Fuck you, asshole" right next to it.
1	I feel like Yi is fine i dont even play him, but i dont really fear him either. I dont know i always play our teams tank so i usually just cc him or tell my team to burst him down before he can do anything.   You should have enough dmg to kill him in seconds and then burst down the next high value target, especially if it was a Yi jungle his over all gold and therefore items should be low, again making him a easy target to pick off.
0	An easy way to get out of it is you say you have traveled abroad in the last few months. Specifically, any third world country.   Personally I like to donate blood. But thanks to their stupid list, which was last updated in the early 1940's, I cannot. I was born and raised in India, never was exposed to malaria or TB (My mom had me tested ;). But seriously, I was tested negative for all the risks they have on their list. Yet, I am ineligible for giving blood.   So, now I am gaming the system. I go in for the free snacks. Because there is usually a few people in line, I can't go back the same way I entered the bus. So, I walk all the way, to the other end of the bus, pick up my snacks and walk out. One time they gave out free pizza coupons. Free lunch for me.
1	You know  exactly  what you're doing though. You're not the victim of some crime, you know when you queue up there's a chance of trolls, and you know that you always dodge them and are familiar with the penalties.   As I've said in each of the three posts about this, champ select trolls make up such a small amount of games that queue dodging  is a realistic way to combat them . If you get a troll in champ select when you are 1-1 on promos  this makes up such a vanishingly small portion of the game that it is not worth affecting every single champ select to solve it . Sometimes your luck just sucks, shit happens in life same as in league. That promo will be one of hundreds of games you will play, it makes up a tiny portion of your games.   Do you really not see that adding in a vote to kick system would be far more abuseable and probably cause vastly more problems,  because it is present in 100% of champion selects  than it solves. You're talking about changing the dynamics of 100% of games to solve a problem that probably happens in less than 5% of games overall.   The only thing the system needs, is an option to report in champion select, or for champion select to be included in the report system.   You will  never ever  create a system that is perfect, and it does suck, but even if u solved this problam, there was probably an equal chance that you loaded into your promos 1-1 and someone DCed. That's what kind of chance you're talking about.
0	You really have no idea what is going on in the US, do you?   In short form:  about 4 years ago a law called the ACA (affordable care act) was passed, it was later ruled constitutional by the Supreme Court, and hence is a valid law.  It requires all people in the US to buy insurance or face a penalty from the government.  The law will be coming into full effect on Jan 1st 2014 for individuals, right now congress, specifically the House of Representatives is attempting to add a delay to it (they originally tried to add a complete repeal of the law) as a rider to the budget they are passing.  The Senate refuses to pass the budget as a result of this, which has caused the previous budget to lapse without a replacement, causing all non essential federal programs to shut down until a budget is passed.   This has NOTHING to do with the debt ceiling, which is tackled separately.
1	Maybe I put it wrong; I meant to say that most of them have counterplay of some sort in addition to high damage:     Fiora, Akali, XZ, Rengar and Warwick have to get up close and personal,     Soraka punishes casters but not autoattackers (and vice versa for Teemo),     Lissandra and Warwick have it as their ultimates,     Annie has to build up her stun,     Taric's stun doesn't do half your health in damage unless you build AP,     ADCs, Ryze, Zilean and Vlad have no inherent CC attached to their point-and-click nukes unless they get Rylais, etc.       Whereas Kayle (High Damage+Strong Slow), Nunu (High Damage+Strong AS and MS Slow) and Sion (High Damage+Stun) lack that sort of counterplay.
0	Sorry about the delay in the response, I traveled over half the contiguous USA yesterday-it gave me too much time to think about what to write.   I cut my father out of my life when I was 18.  He and my mother(wife #2, duration 16 years) had divorced when I was 7, and by the time I grew up, he was onto Wife #4 (duration unknown).  This was not just prompted by me finally being an adult, but also him moving across the country.  What kept me from doing it before then was my fear of telling him off, then running across him in the store.   When I was 25, business brought him through town, and he called me, invited me to lunch.  He'd had to call me at work, because he did not have my number.  I accepted, and when we met at the restaurant he asked me "Is your mother still flea-bitten out in the sticks?"  This may not have been the first question he asked, but it is the one that sticks in my brain the most.  My mother is a homesteader in Alaska, and while she may not have running water in her house (they tried, but couldn't get the well digging truck up the giant hill), that does not mean she is incapable of being clean.  I vocally let him know that that sort of talk was unacceptable and if he continued, I would walk out.   At the end of the conversation, he said that he realized that I was not open to reconciliation, and that he would not try to contact me again, but that I was welcome to contact him at any time.  I am now 30, and have a 3 year old of my own.   There are times when I regret it, but it's more like the whole situation then just my own actions.  More like 'why he'd have to be like that?'  I'm pretty sure that if he were allowed to see his granddaughter, he would not make her ashamed of her emotions like he did to me, but.....there's this inertia that's taken hold.  And it's a comforting stillness, for I have not had an ulcer since he's left.  I don't hide in the back of the closet anymore when I cry(so he couldn't see my tears).  He was never violent, but you can hurt with your words, too.   Also, I have gotten in contact with my elder abandoned half-brother from Wife #1 (duration 4 years).  When my father left her, he denied my brother.  The whole "I have no son" thing.  But we found each other through Facebook, and now I've gotten to know his family and my rocking awesome niece.  So I guess I've gained more family than I've lost?   Plus, I've always been an advocate of your friends are your family.  And they are the ones that I spend every Thanksgiving with, and it's wonderful.
1	In that case it has to give both AP and AD and only champ that i can see that favours Mixed dmg is akali whould be useless on other champs (Plz ad on kayle is useless w/o crit and in that case the ap isnt needed) Jax is Bruiser not dmg dealer
1	The actual thing is more about effective-hp efficency. Lets say you have 1000 hp and 0 armor compared to 500 hp and 100 armor. In both cases your effective health(the amount of not-reduced damage one can sustain) is the same. Thats where lifesteal/heal/shields makes difference. You have to lifesteal twice as much health in first example then in second. However if you have tons of resistances and low hp and still want more eHp, you can buy warmog. Though I don't think that any champ would want to buy 5 pure defensive items and boots.
1	Damn, I get on to check reddit, and my inbox broke... As far as everyone in here arguing that bot would get zoned, it went something like this.   Morde would e-q combo his lane, and all the creeps would die, instantly. When they would go in for their wombo combo, he'd start to pull back, and I (j4) would e-q into the ad carry, pop my heal, and we'd beat them back off. Again, Those early levels are HUGE, one of my inspirations for this was the chinese team (can't remember their name) that focused on having the strongest early game possible.   I took this a step further. Sure, a strong level 1 comp is nice, but how about a strong 1-7 team? All I heard from IEM kiev was once you snowball, you can really just carry that to late game for the win. With that in mind, having junglers that are the same level as their bot lane at any given moment, and having all three of your solos being 2-3 levels higher than them  does  give you an advantage, like it or not.   Moreso, what is a graves/taric combo to do when they're both level 4, fighting a level 7 morde, and a lvl 4 j4? Sure, graves has a lot of cs, but morde and j4's combined is almost double is. In every way, I see this current meta as a hinderence towards the idea of "Oh yea, here's that one guy who sits bot and doesn't acquire farm all game".   What happens when we remove that element? Willfully crippling one hero for the sake of another should be punished, and that was my entire aim throughout this.
1	Counter-ganking is when the enemy ganks but you come in straight after to turn the tables around (hey look it's captain obvious)   For instance: Your Gragas is getting ganked mid lane by udyr and Cassiopia. Gank comes from the brush to the side and Gragas runs, then you come in from behind (cause you just stole their wraiths, doing there wolves mostly isn't worth it) as Nautilus and surprise them. Casio has most likely used some of her spells and is on cooldown and both may have taken some damage from Gragas. That's when you pull them off him and ult that shit. OK so Casio and Udyr not the best examples as they have very short cooldowns but you can still own them as long as Gragas can get his shit off.   I type a lot but as long as you are near the gank is question and can actually do something to help, you get your ass there and pat yourself on the back for a counter-gank well done.
0	I think all of this was stated above but I'd like to throw my two cents in to agree with you. Op if you're reading this I've gone through a similar withdrawal- it helps to get some basics laid down for your day and it's easy to add onto. I like to have a cup of tea in the morning and exercise. Not because I love doing it but because I actually feel more optimistic when I workout. Not the typical "look at your body and the progress you made". It's the fact that it really messes with the chemical balance in your head. If sleep from exhaustion isn't working, Id recommend melatonin as well. So many people pitched in here because we all wish the best to our fellow readers who opened this thread feeling like they had something to contribute for you or felt they needed the advice as well. You're not in this fight alone.
0	True story, I sincerely fucked up my college because of starcraft 2 and league. My freshmen year I played so much starcraft I had 0 social life. Girls would come to my dorm to try and get me out of it and I'd just tell them to leave on and let me play, I had almost gone up to diamond at the time. I remember spending my birthday that year with not one person wishing me a happy birthday in person, besides my mom. One of the reasons I played so much was because I was depressed and it helped me escape. It was a cycle that fueled itself. Depressed so I played video games, while video games were a big, big factor in my depression. League was a slow downhill. My friend introduced me and I wasn't hooked the first time, but a couple months later when I played it again out of curiosity. At first I could do my homework, slowly but surely I would procrastinate more and more. Sophomore fall semester my grades dropped to B and Cs. Then spring to Cs and D's. I still wasn't socializing well but in had improved somewhat in that regard. I think I spent my b day playing league and getting drunk in my room. Jr year hit and I fucked up bad. I'd play till 4 or 5 am everyday. If I went to class I never knew what was going on. Exams, I'd study for 2 hours before the actual exam. Learning mostly new material. This was after 8 hours of league of course. I'm super depressed at this time, I see my life has fallen apart. I didn't want to work so I could play played league, didn't want to go out since I lacked the social skills to do so and would rather just play league. It was easier. If I was left alone to myself for too long the suicidal thoughts would come. I hated feeling emotions. With league I could feel very little and escape my reality. Eventually I had to work, I played catch up on bills to the point I still am now. Ruined my credit score. Financially, I thew away getting paid, after tuition, 10k per year to go to school. I had a dream set up. Now I don't know if I go to school this next semester, my gpa dropped from 3.5 to 2.3. My computer broke in April or May. It was the best thing to ever happen to me. I was forced into the outside world. I started making friends. Quickly. I made the cheer team, suddenly I'm surrounded by pretty girls who love me. I should mention that I'm an avid power lifter, my other hobby away from league. I have an athletic build since I've been into Pl for almost 8 years now. I spent my summer working 60 hours a week and going out as much as possible. I talked to old friends. They all wondered what happened to me. I'm still dealing with underdeveloped social skills and I have an incredibly hard time expressing myself (in person) to girls and thus I can't build a relationship with one yet. I completely fucked up and lost a "perfect match" with me this summer. She was dropping hints like a machine gun but... I just couldn't do it. I failed to man up. I'm much happier now. I haven't fixed my computer yet. I will say that I greatly miss league. I'm scared that the first thing I'll do is load it up and get hooked back in. I'll try and stay away but If I can't, I'll be Damn sure to not go back to that place again. I won't. League ruined most of my college life. I know I deserve a lot of shit but.. Depression is a bitch and league took my pain away. I didn't realize it was the root cause of it.
1	People won't play the game the way YOU want them to. Too many people will have an amazing time racking up pentakills and the like that they have never seen before.
0	I live in Belgium (if you have a couple hours to burn, look up our political history, it's too complicated to get into here), and a multi party system isn't all it's cracked up to be. It implies two or more parties will have to compromise to come to a governing agreement. So, they cut part of their program to get to an agreement, then in effect they can only get part of that turned into legislation. So whichever party you vote for will only execute a small part of their program. Also, if you then decide to switch parties, it doesn't really matter. The three largest usually form a coalition anyway, so either you're validating the current coalition (even though you switch parties), or you're voting for a party that's too small to weigh on policy. I would welcome a two party system, so your vote sends a clear message: I think this guy is better than than guy. Anything more complicated than that, and politicians will find a way to spin it so it suits their story.
0	I'll bite, you mentioned "Yes we do," speaking on behalf of the female population, but to be honest if a guy has you back to his apartment the likelihood of an  intoxicated  woman stopping in her tracks due to a messy/sub par apartment is <5%? On the other hand women (generalization) who care about shaving their legs, matching panties, etc don't realize that if a guy is at a point to notice that certain things don't match or a little winter fur he (especially an intoxicated man) gives zero fucks about it at that point, or even 2 bases before that point.
0	Just as divisive as Europe'?   So you linekd to a map with the subtitle "Provinces and territories with same-sex marriage before its nationwide legalization on July 20, 2005"   So green = has had same sex marriage for more than 8 years, grey = for  8 years.   Whereas Europe varies from "completely legal" to "no recognition of same sex couples, not even defacto", which contrasts VERY strongly to " In 1999, after the court case M. v. H., the Supreme Court of Canada declared that same-sex partners must also be extended the rights and benefits of common-law relationships."
1	This is a really good point, which is why the 3.10 patch both scares and excites me as a C9 fan.   Scares me because they've been sticking to a strategy that has allowed them to sweep the entire split without ever having to make any significant changes. They've had to adapt in tougher games but haven't really had to adapt on a scale that involved them changing their gameplan entirely right from the get-go.   On the flip side, watching them was getting kind of boring until mid-late game hit (if it hit...), so seeing them come up with something new will be interesting. They're all solid players and plan well as a team so regardless of how much 3.10 forces them to change their style I'm not to worried.
0	See this link:   It basically says if the color pink is due to myoglobin, and it changes to a clear color dependent on temperature AND ph of the chicken.  If the PH is low enough, the juices will run clear at temperates below safe threshholds.
0	i agree.  unfortunately, you can't really be besties with the opposite sex if you're straight and in a relationship with someone else.   i mean, there are exceptions, like if you just  know  the guy was so dorky and ugly and smelly that it really was only platonic, then there is a 5% chance that i'd let it fly.   but if i caught even a whiff of a vibe that my wife was attracted to a male friend i would make it perfectly clear that either he goes or we are at a crossroads.  the reality is, people are  constantly  attracted to other people.  it's part of our open human nature.   that's not bad, really. what  is  bad is when we are regularly exposed to people we are attracted to and  start to emotionally engage them .    you don't have to be physical to have an affair. emotional infidelity is very real and in some ways even more painful than a one night stand after getting shitfaced at a bar somewhere.   you do not want another straight male weighing in on your relationship when you're not around. even if it was impossible for your wife to be attracted to some ugly little fuck, he still represents bringing a 'competitor' into the marriage.  it opens you up to a world of problems.   this goes for straight, gay, male or female, by the way. i'm just speaking from a straight male perspective.
1	I remember one of my promotion series (For Silver 3) was pretty intense. I had been an a winning streak going from 0 LP to promotion over the course of a couple days. I split the first two games but they were both extremely close. Ultimately, it all came down to the third and final game.   Everyone ended up getting the role they wanted and I go top with Irelia. The game started off as a disaster. People were dying even when the enemy jungle was nowhere to be seen. Every lane was losing and our jungler was scrambling to put out the fires and got caught/killed a couple times himself.   Eventually, we lose two towers and lose a team fight for dragon. The game goes on and we start to come back in a big way because we start catching them in their own jungle. After a tense war of lane pressure and counter warding, we force a team fight near baron and manage to break even. Up until then we were getting steam rolled so the momentum begins to shift.   After that baron fight we win the next two exchanges. We don't ace them but we do enough to take out 3 or 4 of them and push a tower. Soon (after some more skirmishes) we are ahead of them on towers and kills. It went from being around 15-23 to about 26-23. We see the enemy team running toward baron so our pings go off and we start racing there to respond to the threat. We wait in the bush and wait as long as we can before we're forced to engage them. We got aced.   Our Thresh, who had missed every hook I saw him attempt, was sitting at our fountain the whole time. We ask him if he had dc'd and he responds that he's not going to play anymore. We were confused. Nobody had raged at him, demanded him to do something, or even asked him to do anything. He explains that he's going to throw because we wouldn't listen to him during team fights.   My teammates start begging him to move, saying sorry even though none of us at any time (Yes, I went through the chat log to see if someone had said something to him. Couldn't find anything.) did anything worth apologizing for. I explain that I'm in series and he responds with "lol, that sucks". Needless to say we lost the game and I failed my promotion series.   I had similar luck on my last series but with a much better result. The first game of my most recent series our Lux inexplicably went AFK (not dc) 3 minutes into the game. He came back at 13 minutes into the game (Pretty much lost at that point) and said "Lol, it doesn't matter. This is my first offense. Go ahead and report me."   Then the Lux, with no fear of punishment, went on and started intentionally feeding the enemy team, all the while telling the other team in all chat to report him. Needless to say we lost the game about 17 minutes in. The worst part about it was that this was the final game of our Blitzcrank's promotional series.   I think something needs to be done about this. People work hard during their series and it's very discouraging when they lose because of this type of stuff.   EDIT:
0	North Korea is just saying these things to boost morale in their ever-unrestful population. People are beginning to lose faith in their glorious leader, and these threats are little more than empty promises intended to "prove" to the north korean people that Best Korea still holds some sway in the international setting.   The military exercises by the United States and South Korea are just a reminder to the North of who has the biggest dick at the end of the day, and for KJU to not get too big for his shit-caked britches.
1	Bad: Far too much esports news. I don't care who got subbed the third time this week, I want to participate in theorycrafting and patch note discussions.   Good: Literally everything else. The flairs, the design, the subreddits, too. Redirecting this many people must be a daunting task, yet most subreddits are very much useful and alive.     What incentives to participate in the subreddit constructively do you notice or would like to see?     I really like the champion discussion of the day in SummonerSchool. Maybe official threads on discussing patch notes? Frankly, all of my ideas are already being regularly posted. Most of the comments are not exactly constuctive, though, but that may be a different question.     What sort of notable experiences or content would you like to see more or less of in the subreddit?     I think I actually answered this in the previous point.     What sort of feedback structures do you feel are effective or ineffective?     Threads like this, but with up-and downvotes hidden.
1	in lower elos people play a pretty good laning phase but run around like blind little chicken afterwards and have zero coordination, most of the time. if your team is 10000 gold ahead but your mid and adc thinking they are  faker  febiven and hi im gosu and try to 2 vs 5 the enemy team and towerdive their nexus turrets, suddenly your huge lead doesnt mean shit anymore.
0	My SO's Father wanted to return a faucet my SO got him for Christmas over the weekend. The faucet was bought with his credit card so he needed it from my SO to get the refund. (Can't you just exchange the facet for another and not need the credit card?)   We were literally walking out the door to go to a restaurant when he called. He told him where we were going and said he'd give him the credit card if he met him at the restaurant. But his Dad was still was super bitchy about it and kept insisting my SO should drop everything he's doing and come deliver the credit card to him. He still ended up coming to get the card from him at the restaurant but was pissy as hell about it.   My SO is 32 and his father/family is constantly pulling this type of shit. Another day recently while he was at work they called him and demanded he help move a futon right then even though he kept telling them he was  working  and couldn't.   No matter what he's doing they expect him stop whatever it is and do what they need to do right that second. If he says I'm busy but I can help in an hour or something they bitch and moan until he gives in. He has a massive guilt complex and I keep telling him he's too kind and just needs to say no to them. I worry about if/when we have kids...
1	YEAH RIOT WHY CAN'T YOU MAKE SURE ALL 120 CHAMPS ARE COMPLETELY BALANCED? Oh wait, because that's literally impossible. If we're talking about viability almost every single champion in this game is viable for solo queue which is primarily what the game is balanced around. What is viable in the pro scene is not at all indicative of what's viable in solo queue. Pros only play top tier champs because they are playing at the highest level and need every single advantage they can get. Those champs that are always picked in pro play also are the ones that fit the current meta/team comps people are running because the strategy in those games is completely different. Even if the pro players themselves that do these strategies in LCS tried to do it in soloqueue with all challenger team mates it many of the strats would fail almost every time due to a lack of coordination by the team. Last season I went from Bronze 1 to Gold V in little over a week with Wukong mid at a time when almost NO ONE was playing that. At the time Nightblue himself had said he felt Wu was a better mid than top but still no one played it because it wasn't FoTM and it wasn't getting play in LCS.
1	It seems obvious that these 2 people don't consider themselves journalists, although it is called a "news show", even the male-commentator calls himself a talk show host repeatedly, they have talking points and they make opinions on them. Would it be better if they did a little research? Sure, but at the rate they probably cover stories that wouldn't be feasible.   I also find it funny that this entire shitstorm mirrors the argument that the third commentator made, that even in a game like football there will be people that mock you or misunderstand it, but that shouldn't stop you from enjoying it or competing. The NFL doesn't stop running because someone calls it homoerotic, it doesn't even address it because it's THAT successful.
0	A girl at my high school died of a heroin overdose two years ago, and the same thing happened.  One group of girls in particular were suddenly her "best" friends.  Posted on Facebook pictures of them all together at one of their houses, "remembering" her by drinking Four Loko and smoking joints.  All of these pictures on Facebook, talking about rolling joints and drinking to "remember her" and because "that's what she would have wanted them to do".  They planned a memorial service AT THE PARK WHERE SHE HAD BOUGHT AND DONE THE HEROIN.  The park was still cordoned off with police tape.  The actual memorial service was at a church, and because of all the things people were posting on this memorial page, they had police at every entrance with drug dogs, since people were planning on getting high at the memorial.  Her parents heard about these girls in particular, and the girls were given a cease and desist order, as well as an order of protection from the family.  They weren't allowed anywhere near the memorial.
0	What would really prepare them for college:   Not have enough class space for required course only offered in once a year, that you will have to take next to graduate on time. Force you to take summer online class. No lecture, no notes, no homework, only final and midterm, and book. Charge same tuition.  Expect you to know stuff that wasn't in prerequisite (makes course only 6 weeks instead of full semester, but still 'cover' same material and a little extra). Makes test harder to make up for lack of lecture ("It's a self paced course that has no lecture, so you should be spending more time outside of class studying than if it wasn't online"). Professor becomes short tempered when students have poor midterm grades, Blames student's study habits.
1	Jesus, I love you riot. Gold 3 here, unfortunately i don't believe i myself am yet at the plat 3 level, but was CONSTANTLY getting placed vs a team of plats in my promotion to gold2\1.
1	Personally I have a friend with same problem but as he knows he shouldn't be playing games in 1st place so he just works out the visual game settings and tune them to minimum ammount of effects to be ok, like the post ult shockwave and brithness and such.   If you have health problem then there is always a solution, I bet Riot will do something about it but they shouldn't feel forced to.. because most of us loves flashy finishers with a bang! they make the game feel most exiting for general public   Also for peple that feel sick from playing should first of all  check the environment they are playing in. . going all Batman with dark room and super glowing screen inches from your face will make anyone sick after a long while and specially with badass Garens ult destroying you same goes with the sound etc.. just take care of you surroundings becouse you never know when something bad can happen.. like having epileptic attack while driving at night cuz of lights..   Just sharing a bit of my experience with the issue ;)
0	Yes. If I don't feel well enough to go to work, I figure I'll probably feel better with the help of prescription medication. And the doctor (or, more likely, nurse practitioner) usually suggests I stay home the next day or two as well, just in case. So I get two paid days off for the price of a quick trip to the doctor.
0	Rare serious comment :) Reddit's CEO actually has a really inspiring Quora answer about the relation of money and happiness.
1	On champions that rarely gets focused? What elo do you usually play at?   In higher elo, supports like Sona/Zyra is a pretty big deal, so they usually gets killed pretty quickly, unless there are more potent threats on the team.   Why would you ever spec that much into offense? I usually only go for the ignite mastery in offense, and then go 1-13-16.   The thing you said about the carry not noticing it, is also wrong. Cleanse doesn't take away Malz/WW/Zed/Morde ults, if you didn't know that. And AD Carries benefit WAY MORE from having a GA, than a Mercurial Scimitar.   If you go 4% CDR in masteries, get lucidity boots, and both Locket and Shurelias, you're 1% short, either way, but your  TEAM   benefits  WAY  more from those two items, than you would EVER be able to make with Athenes.   And the thing about the kills you were talking about, what does it matter? It's nice and all, but you won't be able to notice a difference in the game overall if you get a couple of kills. Lategame it doesn't really matter either, if you just had a teamfight, and your entire team was wiped, and you stand alone, after last hitting an enemy with your Lich Bane proc. What objectives can you take, maybe a turret? Think about if you had a speed-up and an extra shield, maybe you would have had another survivor from your team?
1	I just think that they design stacking items to be balanced by the fact that they lose stacks if you die.   If you don't lose stacks upon a death it is imbalanced.   How imbalanced? I don't know. Maybe not enough to warrant a change.
1	This is not an entirely accurate statement.  Janna's shield mid game gives Trist the extra AD to make up for her lower mid-game power spike along with a sizable amount of health. Janna also disengages for Trist if it's a bad engage/she gets jumped quite well.  Trist/Janna essentially become a push to turret and force them to last hit there lane, which if properly warded (i.e. this game) means that jungle can't gank unless it's through lane, or MAYBE tri-bush.  However, since it's an Elise (who does NOT want to mean a Rengar in the jungle) she can't even capitalize on that.  So essentially Tris/Janna now have a high-pressure lane that means the opposing jungler will either be mid, top or power farming. Since Elise has no real clear power-spike at 6 she should be camping mid/top but she showed up 1-time (??) top and forced a flash never to be seen there again.   In a traditional, solo-queue sense Trist/Janna are very weak because they will likely get camped/denied farm due to pressure from the jungle and a lane bully (Graves, Draven, MF) and a tanky support (Thresh, Braum, Leona, even Taric). Nami is a good bully/harrass support, but doesn't synergize well with Corki early IMO.   The other thing to consider here is that Janna is the counter-engage to Nami.  If Nami hits a bubble/ult so her team can dive and it doesn't include Janna, then Janna preps a Q or her ult and completely negates that engage.  She can also sheild for ~250 of the damage from whoever does get hit to buy them a little time.
1	Well with season 3 coming up, and players who actually have potential (2.2k+) players...offers really do come up like this that are legit. I do agree though, most players are young and naive. This could be my
1	In his Vlog (which came out like 12 hours ago), he mentions how TSM has a million miles to go and they need to strive for perfection and how he's going to get everyone in the same mindset.   Now TRM leaves and he says he's all out of tricks and has nothing left to teach them. He completely changes his attitude and basically says his work in TSM is done. I think TRM leaving must have affected Jonas personally and perhaps made him feel like he "failed" to keep the team together.   Also as a side note, I think everyone on TSM has the common sense to follow Jonas' teachings (and they definitely knew the stuff he was saying before hand). It was really Jonas presence and 3rd party position that let him get the team organized and all on the same page. And as Chaox mentioned in a Vlog, sometimes being reminded what you already know is very helpful. Jonas' cooking and presence made a huge impact on TSM and I really do think if he stayed for another 1-3 months, all his teachings would become permanent TSM habbits and lifestyle changes. I fear that TSM is just going to sink back into old habits and even be mildly depressed that both Jonas and TRM are leaving. If anything, I think TRM leaving would make it even more important for Jonas to stay and keep team morale up. Also TSM has a bad habit of letting wins boost their ego and drop their work ethic by becoming cocky. Jonas being there would probably have prevented this.
1	LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of any league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
0	Thank you for posting your research. As an Australian ginger, I can certainly relate. To put it in perspective, I'll get visibly burnt from no more than 5 minutes direct sun, or even just cumulatively throughout the day.   More annoyingly, I pink up nicely around my eyes, cheeks and nose after my 20 minute motorcycle commute to work, *even with my [tinted gold iridium visor]( Is this my visor being crappy or just my hyper pasty skin?
1	I think a lot of people have a big misconception on why certain champions are "nerfed" in League.   First off, they need to keep the game flowing. Pro players will look for picks that give them the most valuable output for the least amount of practice effort. For example, while Draven is a very strong pick in and of itself, no one wants to bother having to play a mini game just to deal damage (juggle axes). This is a meh example but hopefully it makes sense.   Furthermore, adjustments are aimed at champions that give affect game play health in a negative way. For instance, Veigar proved very problematic to play against for most people. If it makes people frustrated to play against chances are they will want to change something. Veigar didn't really see competitive play all that much either.
0	r/running and /r/advancedrunning here.  YOU FUCKING ROCK.  Despite what most people think, I've always considered a race harder when I'm slower.  Why you ask?  Because not only are you going at 110%, and your body has less conditioning so throws out less endorphin to counter-act the pain, and it takes you longer.
0	The most surprised I've ever made a professor was over what was supposed to be a 4 hour final. It took me 45 minutes. Apparently, the next person finished over an hour later (I had a friend tell me). Initially, the professor thought I had a question about the test and asked me if I was sure I had all the pages. I got an A+ as well.   Honestly, for multiple choice and short answer (sometimes even a test with paragraph responses) I do not understand how it can take so long. Either you know it or you don't. There shouldn't be too much thinking or bullshitting involved.   Now everyone is going to be up in arms about critical thinking tests (math, applied science, whatever). I graduated 2 months ago with a degree in Ecology and Evolution. It was a shit ton of applying scientific concepts. And that is what makes the tests go by so fast. There isn't a lot to memorize and you don't have to go through whatever memory devices you use. Take the concept you know and apply it. Simple.   Now, didn't I just say memory devices can take up a lot of time during a test? This is true, if you don't use effective memory devices. A memory device should cover something very basic. For example: if you have to know the digestive system for an animal, just remember which organs food passes through - in order. Then each organ should have its own memory device which covers it's functions.   The memory device will differ from person to person. Some people will use mnemonics or pictures, whatever. I'm an auditory learner, so the easiest way for me to remember things is to simply listen in class and read my notes as complete flowing sentences once or twice before a test. So my memory devices are short simple sentences that I can immediately write down.   If you want to figure out what type of learner you are, this [chart]( can help.
0	Gym rat here. That's a good guy there for sure OP. You always encourage. Always. People there to improve themselves are probably already feeling shitty and intimidated. One thing to do is gently encourage them off the Nautilus machines and into the free weight section. (Nothing wrong with the Nautilus, just a personal preference. You don't need to communicate as much on the Nautilus with other people. Getting them to the free weights helps them get to know other people and join the team.) Most are hesitant. I back off if they are adamant about not doing it. Not trying to freak them out. But a lot of times I can get them to join us in the free weight section and that's where the team building can really take off. Keep telling them it doesn't matter how much they lift. You give them a spot and start getting them feeling like they belong there. Part of the team. You say stuff like: "YOU'RE DOING GREAT! AHHH! PUMP IT! ONE MORE! C'MON! ONE MORE!" Wait...wait...hold on. Just needed to read that back to myself for a sec. Nope. That's all good.
0	As far as I'm aware, the only real concerns come from those who take estrogen based BCPs (most if not all pills). They give a very high risk to blood clotting (of which I've had due to taking BCPs, hence me using Implanon now).   From everything I've read and been taught from my GYN about Implanon, there is no downside as far as long term. Literally, if I were to get it taken out today, I could happily and safely become pregnant within 24 hours were I to be on my ovulation cycle.   The only thing about Implanon (and this goes with any hormone you take) is that the acute effects can be different for everyone. Some gain weight, some lose weight, some have heavier periods, some have less or none at all. It just depends on who you are. I've just heard a lot more women rejoice in the effects of Implanon more than curse about it.   I have not used IUD (intrauterine device), but it seems unappealing to have something shoved into my cervical opening.   Pills just suck though. They always made me break out and gain weight, and honestly made me more prone to PMS. ):
1	Always stay positive with them is your best bet... They're defeated, angry, embarrassed, and want to reset the fail clock. Defeat it with positivity:   If they give up pre-laning phase, you can always offer to swap them into another lane / etc., and if that's a no-go, your best bet is eat the gold and buy 2-3 wards for their lane to help give them extra protection / make up for their gold deficit- As well as holding back on over-pushing your lane so your jungler can focus a couple ganks on that lane to get things back in control... The little things can re-shape a raging person's mood quickly.   Post-lane phase, just do your best to continue to keep an eye on them / herd them into the group if they're off farming wolves right before a team fight, etc.   More or less, to 180 the mentality of someone who's thrown in the towel / raging, you have to commit to babysitting them for a bit and gritting your teeth through a smile while you quell their chat rage / frustration. Yeah, sometimes youll get those who don't respond to your help / patience, so it's up to you to decide to give up on trying, or keep at it silently / see if you can turn them back towards trying / playing smart.   You can try to "man talk" them back into the game, but any conflict / negativity is just going to feed their rage & desire to quit.   Basically, you need to commit to being the SoloQ equivalent of a "Big Brothers Big Sisters" volunteer for a troubled youth, heh. Do you best to stay positive with them, shut down team bickering in chat / counter their negativity with maturity / facts / patience. Won't always work, but the times it does are well worth the negated loss / 4v5 due to ragequit.
0	There are times that my GF does similar things to me, but I remind myself that I should feel lucky to have someone who wants me around.  Would some time to myself be nice? Yeah sure, but I still get that every now and then. The only actual complaint that I have is when she used to say something like, "I gave you your time, now it's my turn." I have no problem spending the time with you and I would do it by choice, but making it sound like an obligation made it seem hollow.  I talked to her about it and just requested she not say that sort of phrase. Since then it has made a difference because I don't feel like I was guilt tripped into doing whatever she wants to do, which makes me happy, and we do something that we both enjoy.   So my advice to you, is talk to her about it.  Explain how you are feeling, and come to a compromise.  If you just started a second job she might be feeling as neglected as your games are.  I don't want to come off as patronizing or insulting, this is just how I feel you will do the least harm to the relationship.  I have been a passive aggressive person in most of my relationships and it builds animosity in yourself when you do that.  You end up grumpy and resentful toward your significant other, and you will have a much higher chance at destroying the relationship because of it.   I'm already calling the comment that is somehow snarky saying, "Communication makes a relationship work?! Who knew? /s".  Yeah it is obvious, but some of us are fearful of confronting people with things that are negative.
0	in my defense, this is the very first time i've ever browsed reddit on a computer. i've always been mobile, and never read comments. where i'm from, its hard to meet people who share common interests/sense of humor with me. i've always seen reddit in a lighthearted view, and browse it to get a good laugh when i'm having a bad day.   i was very naive, and just assumed that he'd be an ok guy to hang out with & grab a drink. i never imagined it would go the way it did.
1	Teemo honestly just seemed like a troll pick by Hai because he was that confident they would stomp TSM, it worked because TSM lost the game due to losing inner bot turret after 3(?) minutes and thus surrendered their blue, dragon and basically anything on the bottom half of the map.  All that after getting completely destroyed in picks and bans... when Hai picked a fucking TEEMO they still outpicked TSM!   C9 usually wins games by having superior rotations and being in the right places at the right times by controlling the map.  TSM surrendered the map after that utterly botched 3v1 lane where they zoned (badly as Balls still got XP) instead of pushed as hard as possible to give C9 second thoughts about pushing on to the inner turret.  Teemo then was able to place a frankly hilarious number of shrooms, they might as well ahve been in a smiley face on the map as they weren't even needed, the IDEA of shrooms was enough to keep TSM in base after 20 mins.  If Hai picked a stronger mid champ it would've been "gg easy" in under half an hour as opposed to the torturous inevitability of the strangle game.
0	So while I think that this person is a GGG in her life, I don't think that makes someone who doesn't choose to do this a Scumbag Stacy, or even just regular.  Each decision when it comes to pregnancy, especially pregnancy and cancer (and a whole host of other illnesses) is complicated and personal and is going to be different for each person.   Some people are going to do what this person did and risk their life in an effort to save the life of their child.  This has both pros and cons, and those cons are very heavy, but for some people the pro (their child living) is worth it.   Other people will think about the cons and value them more heavily.  Does that make them a shitty person? I don't think so at all.  I think they are doing exactly what they need to do.  Maybe it isn't worth it to them to have a child who will grow up without a mother.  I think we have this instinct that a woman is somehow required to value her baby's life more than her own, and I think we should question that.
