1	It does not matter when you place your turrets. I agree that it is completely pointless to place your turrets at the outset of a fight. However,     Heimerdinger has to settle for either good damage or safe distance. If you get close to everyone and drop turrets, your turrets will do steady consistent damage and shred. However, they are much more vulnerable to aoe damage. In addition, getting that close to a fight as Heimerdinger is a certain death sentence, as Heimerdinger's health pool and defensive stats are ridiculously low.    If you choose to go for an 'just outside of fight range' turret placement, your turrets can only fight people on the outside of the fight, and have the risk of the fight just moving away from your turret range. However, Heim is much safer this way as he is not in the middle of the fight and can kite/spam missiles.      Yes, your ultimate speeds up your grenade. But grenade's cooldown is so high that you can only get off one during the actual ultimate. Since you max the skill last because heimer's other abilities are much better, in addition to a low AP ratio, grenade barely scratches. By the time it comes off cooldown, your ultimate is down and your grenade goes back to being nearly useless.
0	No, it's white-knighting if you defend said person unconditionally.  There's a de facto implication here that the girl is innocent and her father is a monster, e.g. the facts of why this slap occurred aren't even relevant because she has a vagina.   As someone who is routinely in the presence of a daughter who says things for which she deserves to be slapped by her father, I don't leap to conclusions like the rest of reddit.
1	The soraka nerfs are just stupid let me explain why:     Soraka support is extremely weak. She has no escapes, no cc. Want to make a play? It's almost only possible to bait your opponents in a trade they are going to lose. If they back up, nothing you can do. She has good sustain in lane, but her heal is on a pretty long cd, and mana is not used by many Adc's.     AP Soraka mid/top; I like playing soraka mid so much, I think it's a really strong champion, making some nerfs neccesary? No. She has some strong weaknesses, if you dont exploit those, you deserve to be punished for it. Like I said before she has no escapes and cc, so camping her should result in plenty of kills. Literally all you can do against a gank is running back. Her pushing is really strong but can also have a downside, pushing your lane makes you more vulnerable to ganks, which she can barely escape. Other champions have good waveclear too (kayle, does she need a nerf? no.) I like the idea of giving her E manacost, since I don't really see why harassing ur opponent shouldn't cost mana. But nerfing her Q damage is just stupid and not the solution. I think a better solution to her pushing power is making it so that her starcall (Q) can only hit 3 minions/monsters max. This way she loses plenty of pushing power without making her weak in teamfights, since she can starcall 5 enemies.
1	If this goes on, the game will end with champion base damages at 50 at level 5. there are ALWAYS players that find out how to master a certain champion and play him well so other players copy that and play him aswell. If they nerf zed, another champion will be found that is terrifying if played well. But if riot keeps nerfing every single champ that people have success with, it will end in champs having absolutely low base dmgs for example and that results in not enjoyable gameplay. For example: before zed got popular, there were some players that played this champ and had some success with it. Then very high level players like alex ich tried to master zed, and of course he will have success with that mastered champ and carrys games with it. I am pretty pretty sure that if alex ich masters something like sion, he would have hugee success with it. Another example that proves that im right is the champions volibear and nasus. Volibear got no buff but diamondprox learned and mastered that champ. Wat happened ? Other players leaned him aswell and now people say he is too strong and should get a nerf. Almost same to nasus . His q got buffed and he got play in competitive scene, people now say he is too strong but it is not because of the buff, people actually say the slow is broken , whcih he had before the buff.
0	He didn't say Amazon's own services go down, he said other sites that use [Amazon's Web Services]( can concurrently experience downtime.   Reddit is [ranked 36]( globally for the amount of traffic it receives. It's also non-profitable as a business. Other sites that rank high are either monetized so that they make enough money to pay for better server services, or they have their own servers.   If that isn't the case, for example in the case of Twitter, which is rank 9, but also non-profitable, you can look at two things.   Finances: [In 2010, Twitter raised $200 million USD and in 2011 $300 million USD.]( Compared to Reddit, which in [2014 raised $50 million USD.]( Basically it's the valuation difference of something like $8.4 billion for Twitter versus Reddit's valuation of $500 million.   Type of site: Twitter is a hit & run site. People drop tweets, read some tweets, respond to tweets, then move on. Reddit users are infamous for the amount of time (bandwidth) they spend on the site. I couldn't find up-to-date information, but this should paint a pretty clear picture:   In 2010, Twitter was getting about [4.4 billion page views a month]( in comparison to an article in 2012 where Reddit is getting about [3 billion page views a month](   What does that tell us? You're looking at only about a 46% increase in page views (bandwidth and cost), but a valuation increase of 1608% (finances and funding).
0	I used to work for the police when I was 15-17, so in high school. We pretty much got paid 15 bucks an hour to drive around with them, they'd hide behind the convenience store or whatever, and we would go in and try to buy cigarettes/Indian reserve cigs. The title was "test shopper" and the whole point was to go in and attempt to get vendors to break the law. You are always required to ask for ID. There were even some vendors who asked for ID, and we would have a fake that clearly said we were under 21. Some vendors just pretended to look at the ID and we caught them that way. The cops would go in afterwards and be all like "you just sold cigarettes to a minor bitch, see ya in court" and from what I remember almost all the people that sold to us got fired... Kinda felt bad since a lot were just college kids working summer jobs. But hey, looks great on a resume so yeah
1	My build is mostly start with dorans, on your first back get a tear and (depending on your gold and wether your flash is up or not) another dorans or boots, then get a brutalizer. After that Id recommend you building a defensive item, frozen heart, banshees veil, spirit visage or randuins (in your endbuild it should be veil and heart OR omen and sv, to not overcap too hard on cdr, if you have like 9k gold spare, then go for 2 defensive cdr items). Then finish manamune (you can also finish that one after the spectres cowl or glacial shroud) and the cleaver->another defensive item->last whisper. You could even build a frouen fist or triforce last. Obviously start and max Q first, second skill to max is w 95% of the time. Set up ganls with its slow. You can spam your q quize a bit before your first back, but dont spam your w and e, if you have ~300 tear stacks you can use those more often.
0	I don't know... A police officer's job is more than canvassing for witnesses. A key part of their job in my opinion is response time.   I grew up in an Midwestern inner-city neighborhood. For contrast I live in a middle class neighborhood in California. It makes no sense how fast the police come when called in my current neighborhood. Within literal minutes (usually less than 5). When I lived in the rough inner-city neighborhood? Don't hold your breath. A half-hour was average. For additional contrast the police keep a steady presence in my current neighborhood. Back in the inner-city it was a rare site to see a cop car patrolling in a residential area.   I don't know the outside circumstances but the only conclusion I can draw is that the service given to low income areas is sub-par to that of higher income. These are my observations and conclusions.   Quick response times can be the difference between catching and losing a criminal. The need for canvassing wouldn't be so prevalent if the cops had gotten there sooner. The crime may not have taken place if there was a stronger police presence to begin with.  Just my opinion having lived on both sides of the fence.
0	I was once waiting for the bus playing the harmonica  and a passing truck driver honked  made my day that day :D
0	My brother started dating a girl that is in our dance group in college. I kinda knew her before they started dating, but once she was around a lot more, we got to know each other a bit better.   Mine and my brother's friends overlap a lot, and so do hers, so this may be an outlier, but her and i texted occasionally.   After they had broken up, since she is pretty in with our group of friends (her best friend and I were just roommates), we made an effort to let her know she was/is still welcomed around us just like always.   When a couple breaks up, it doesn't have to be the end of that social group for one of them. If the breakup wasn't over anything incredibly dramatic (someone cheating, etc.) there's no reason they all can't remain in the same social group of friends. My brother broke up with her cause she liked him a lot more than he did her, and he's been in that situation before with one of his ex's and it didn't go well, so he broke it off earlier before either of them got too invested in each other.   She's still around, and I still see her and talk to her every now and then. It's just not as often as before. Kudos to both of them for being mature about it (she initially kicked him out of her apt pretty quick when he broke up with her, I think the talk only lasted like 5 or 10 minutes, but since then knows it's probably for the better).
1	I explained my thoughts in a thread on the league forums but I'll copy paste them here too](   Though I see their standpoint as wanting to make skins for anyone to buy at anytime, to not hinder new player's ability to purchase a skin because they've joined the game later, I do believe that some skins should be limited edition, including this year's Championship Thresh skin, and I am also disappointed in not seeing a Season 3 Championship Icon, with perhaps a lantern instead of a sword like season 2's.  My reasoning for this is that the skin was made in honor of the Season 3 Championship, and if its able to come back on sale during a legacy sale in 2 years it will lose the value of being for the Season 3 Championship, The skin will lose the fact that it was sold during the Season 3 Championships and no longer be "the season 3" skin and just be a "championship" skin in general. With only 1 "Limited Edition" skin per year at this rate (Victorious Skin for those who achieve gold or higher in soloQ/3v3/5v5 by the end of the season) I feel like loyal players are getting the short end of the stick. We've played the game for years, and should be rewarded with skins (even if only 2 or 3, Championship Skins, maybe 1 of 3 per each holiday is exclusive to that year, PAX Skins) that will show that we've played since a different era then those whom just picked up the game. And to those new players, who are jealous of Snow Bunny Nidalee, or Kitty Cat Katarina, or Victorious J4, They will get their chance at Limited Edition skins in the future, however with how Riot is currently doing "Legacy Skins" replacing "Limited Edition" skins, only the really old school players will have any chance at having a skin worth sentimental value. This may come with disadvantages to Riot, such as not being able to sell some of their skins, however I think they can get more off of a limited edition skin then a skin that can be sold at anytime, at least instantaneously. Well as this is just turning into a rant rather then a thought out post, I'm going to end it with why I am ranting. It could be because I'm insane and tired, or it could be because I just want to have something others wont be able to have in the future ( and I already do have plenty of LE skins ), however I'm thinking of the new wave of players, whom will never have a chance to say "Hey, I got this skin back in Season 3" without others saying "No, you probably bought it during the Season 5 Championships", If that makes any sense at all, its 3:20am and I'm tired.
1	LCS -->  The LCS players play to win and thus use the OP.  It follows that RIOT (probably already know cause they play it too) will nerf.  Leaving a character OP breaks the game.  This is not the league of jungle Lee Sin/Elise/Panth.   Win rate -->  Win Rate doesn't show how good a champion is.  Lots of people play the OP champion, most of them are not good at it.  Talon used to have a very high win rate and probably still does because only Talon Masters play him.  Talon OP, pls nerf?   Nerfs -->  RIOT nerfs what is unfair.  Examples:     Vi's clear was faster than Shy's with 1 or no damage items and her ganks were multiple times stronger. Didn't you wonder why everyone played Vi?  She did was J4 used to do: build only tank items yet still do large %health damage with AS steroids and armor pen, a shield, wall hop, pinning ultimate.     Panth can ult in from half map away at 6... and you can't predict the attack because he comes from jungle (TF is mid lane so if you can't see him you can pull back).  Nocturne can't ult to max range till 16.     Elise and Lee Sin both have infinite jungle sustain, do massive %health or huge flat hunks of damge to monsters (their Q + Smite can do hundreds more than other junglers at basically no cost), and have mobility/cc when they gank or run.  ...Where is the weak point?  Lee's late game isn't great but they're buffing it.  100% free AS on flurry?  0_0
1	Your questions are skewed toward a particular set of responses. I tried filling it out, but as someone who has very consistent moderate ping, a lot of the questions don't make a whole lot of sense and are hard to answer.
0	I don't know where OP is from but in washington state our pot legalisation was linked to alcohol. i forget what the specific legislature was but after the pot legalisation alcohol was made more available [sold on sundays] and taxed differently. so maybe that's what the lady was thinking.
1	I've been plaything this game a long time now (im in gold so I'm not fantastic, been playing since Season 3) and the honest answer is ranged champions can be a nightmare for both of the champions you described. Malphite and Aatrox are both strong top laners, and definitely fun to play with their all in kits and balls to the wall mentality.   There are two general schools of thought when playing a melee champion such as Aatrox or malph into a champion such as Jayce, Nidalee, or any other ranged champion. The first is a defensive approach, taking an item such as a cloth armor or dorans shield to nullify their harass as much as possible. With this setup you should take teleport as your summoner spell, to minimize the amount of time you lose in lane when they damage you down to low health; with teleport you minimize the amount of experience and gold you miss from going back to base to heal. Remember to teleport to your turret for the lower cooldown on the spell! When running a defensive setup, try to fight your opponent as little as possible, only pressing on them if you have an advantage such as they are within turret range or your jungler has come to gank. Besides these times, focus on getting EASY farm - losing a quarter or half you health just to farm one ranged minion is a terrible trade, try to accept that you will miss some minions/gold in lane, and wait until you get some items or support to fight your lane opponent. Also with this approach you might be able to beat your opponent once you have access to your ultimate - malphite's unstoppable force can allow him to wreck opponents (and i would recommend taking a defensive approach with him, BUT TAKE AT LEAST ONE MANA POT!!! those mana costs smh), especially if they are squishy, as well as setting up perfect ganks. So with this approach be careful, defensive, and patient and wreck them in teamfights!!!!   The other approach is an all in and riskier approach where you take early damage (such as a dorans blade or longsword) with the intention of all-inning your opponent, getting a kill, and using that advantage to dominate your lane. You will want ignite as your summoner spell to give you more damage when you decide to try and kill the enemy. Luckily for you, Aatrox is a champion that excels at this strategy!!! Play passively until you hit level 3, farming only the easy creeps and lulling your enemy into thinking they have dominance over you. But once you have access to your full rotation of spells auto attack minions twice if aatrox (then get your blood price ready - more damages) jump on their face, hit em with the slow and go to town on their face!!! dont forget to ignite!!! If successful and you get a kill, use the gold to buy even more damage and bully the hell out of them, going for a kill every time your ignite is up or they are low. You might even consider using your flash offensively to guarantee the kill (also aatrox's passive makes him perfect for this strategy - coming back to life after a successful all in is hilarious!)   One of the things that took me the longest to learn in this game is that not dying prettymuch = winning. Do your utmost to prevent your opponent from killing you, be patient waiting for good opportunities to trade, and remember EVERY champion in this game can win if played well, from Aatrox to Zilean. Keep on playing, keep on getting better and soon you'll be beating ass in no time. Hope this wasn't too long for you!!!
1	he has not corrected his behavior from previous times he has broken the summoners code and put "on trial" for breaking his "parole".   How do you know he "didnt correct his behaviour"? In that case, he disconnected from a game for 15 MINUTES, a 15 minutes disconnect = permaban?   It could be for any reason, his family having urgent issues, his computer dying, whatsoever   >
0	Recovering meth-head and follow fatass reporting in. Meth is the only thing I've ever been addicted to, aside from food. 8-10 years ago, I looked like I was a lot healthier than I am now. But that bad shit was eating me alive from the inside out. It IS all consuming, it took me a long time to break the addiction. Now I'm borderline morbidly obese and it feels like I need to break the same addiction. I fucking love food, but i overeat it and is going to kill me one day.   But I'm trying my best to beat this addiction too. I have a freezer full of preportioned meals, just got my first ever gym membership, and have committed to becoming a healthier person. Just got to sick to it.
1	kassadin is a slightly better roamer/assasin and has inbuilt tankiness vs other mid laners via his 15% reduced mdg in his passive.  Dianna works better in AOE comps with her pull in to set up AOE ults and has slightly moar broad tankiness in having a shield vs straight mdmg reduction.
1	Not this again... It is really a bad idea and you should know that if you saw other threads like this!   FOR ALL LAZY ONES!
1	I agree. Although the one game I played with him post-rework was against a zed, I ate dick all game for misjudging ranges/missing combos/generally sucking, by the end I had started roaming, catching people, and had time to farm/splitpush, (as well as our Bot lane getting stupid Fed and carrying) I ended up just popping a single combo endgame and securing the win with a triple in their base. Even people who were telling me not to play ryze again were commenting on it after game.
1	Alright, you got me there. I get riled up at suggestions that I saw would make the community worse. Yea, I shouldn't have called your opinion "fucking retarded", but I felt even more annoyed  when you patronized my responding comment, and later called me a troll.
1	Funny that after all of these nerfs, Lee Sin is still top tier in the jungle, even if his winrate is nothing special.   Considering teamfighting is clearly big at the moment (j4 liss rumble graves all coming back in the meta at the same time kinda tells you that), shouldn't tank junglers be stronger ?   I know I'm going to get typical answers like "yes but their early game sucks", but do these people even watch OGN ? It's quite rare that a jungler invades or gets more than 2 assists (or one assist one kill) pre 6, often not getting any and simply passively farming.   Perhaps it is time to take into consideration that it is highly likely that something is wrong with these tank junglers that, in theory, excel at teamfighting in exchange for their weaker early game - compared to fighter junglers like j4-lee-rengar.
1	The best tip is just to make sure you don't take it too seriously. It's a game that will make you want to tear your hair out at some points. If you can, play it with friends, and make sure you keep up a casual attitude.   Oh, and a good amount of the community will give you shit for being new, not understanding what's up. Play a few bot games, and make sure you know what's up. Getting a feel for each champion, and what they can do, is the most key part of the game.
1	Nah, I don't think so, although Regi (I think it was Regi) said that as far as he knows every team is switching something up in season 4, and I'm pretty sure that TSM will definitely have a roster change.
0	And this is why you don't leave yourself logged in at home when you are at work and your girlfriend is at home >.> I don't know if she forgot to logout, she is to lazy  to logout, or she is just trying to make me look bad.
0	This.   When I met my current girlfriend, a mutual trashy friend of ours set us up and I was primed to be skeptical. We first interacted via Facebook, and feeling cocky and punchy, I sent her this weird message that was a half apology for blowing her off for two weeks, half playful explanation that she should get used to it because I'm kind of a dick like that (I was playing - actually, I'm adorkable). She sent me back a message in kind that at one point, casually mentioned she "stopped reading during the second paragraph because [she] got bored." Wait, what? Who the fuck WAS this girl?   An agonizing week later we arranged for late night tea and she proved to be one of the first chicks I'd ever met who could not only keep pace with me, but stump me. I fell in love with her via text, actually. I'd constantly dish something out to her only to have her escalate it to a point where sometimes I'd 'win,' but easily half the time she would.   She makes me funnier. I'm creative, unpredictable and theatrical in my jokes; she's twice as pithy and devastatingly clever. My favorite moments of hers are the ones where she would get a spark in her eye, stop, realize she had come up with the perfect retort and deliver it with perfect timing and absolute confidence.   As MintChocolate_Monkey said, all this pointed to the traits under the hood. She's not only smart, she's ambitious, geeky and a good person to boot. All of which is why I moved halfway across America to live with her a short year-and-a-half later. And here I thought that up until meeting her at twenty-nine, I didn't know if I'd ever really fall in love.
0	Actually, something very similar happened to my brother in law recently, but ended with a twist.  He works at the express service station of a Dodge dealership, recently the station had gotten hit with a bad review by 2 different customers, so the boss decided it was time to get rid of the less motivated employees (I suppose).  He called the entire staff of the station into his office and told all of them he was permanently shutting down the station, transferring the mechanics to work in other departments, and letting the techs go.  After saying this he turns to the 4 techs and informs them that they can take a demotion washing cars at lower pay, otherwise he cant keep them.  They all initially agree to stay and wash cars, and get started with their first assignment, wash all the cars on the lot.  Within one hour, the laziest employee returned and quit.  At the end of the second day the boss called everyone back into his office, informed them he was not actually closing the express stop, had them all return to their original jobs, he gave all 3 techs a raise and gave my brother in law the biggest raise because he was the only one who washed cars without complaining, "Just got out there and got work done".
0	I was the third guy in a similar situation. Honestly if you set ground rules (for example the couple has to initiate, as an obvious basic one) and follow them, things are fine. The only issues we had were from roommates being uncomfortable because of your point of view, which is fine, but they only ever found out by invading privacy anyway (watching texts over shoulders happened twice) which is not fine.   The threesomes stopped because he had to move for work and they wanted what time they got together to be more intimate (they started during a time none of us were working and lived in the same house with several other people).
0	I hate those prisons. I truly hate them. I'm really sorry you had to go through what I went... I guess I'll share my story, and hopefuly I'll make some people realize that these camps are... more than evil. As a kid I really denied any form of authority. I often harrased teachers, and the idea of a great man in the sky ruling over me was not only ridicoulous to me, but also hazardous... I came out to my (extremist) parents at the age of 14. They cried, threatened me, did everything they could to turn me back into a robot... About 1 month after I came out, 3 men came into my house at night, and told me to stay quiet and walk with them. I tought it was a kidnapping, as most people who experience this... I walked into the van, and they explained themselelves. I was shocked and filled with hate, but I knew I shouldn't do anything, the van was small and I couldn't defend myself. My first day at that prison was horrible... everything I did was supervised, and also controlled. The only time I got some "privacy" was at night, 10 o'clock. After 1 week I just couldn't take the authority, and I was put in isolation. Two months. Two.  ** ing. Months. After the first month I began hearing voices in my head, and after another week, the voices formed into a big, strong voice... I only had one conversation with it.   Voice : "Escape." Me : "How?" Voice : "Strong. Then Kill."   After the last sentence I never heard it again. But it was enough. I knew my goal. At the time I had about 100 lbs... I was skinny, I didn't have force... I was helpless. Every time I got out of isolation, I said "  God.". All I did in isolation was exercise. I was so full of hate I didn't care about time... In there there was no natural light, just a little crack... I had no clock, so I would just look at the crack while exercising.. Everytime light started to get through the crack, meaning it was day, it was a great achievment. I felt.. great. Small things where all I had, so it was incredible... I exercised in there for 8 months... breaks of 20 minutes, exercises for 1 and a half. And repeat. Repeat. Repeat... After 8 months, I finnaly got out... everyone was so surprised I didn't shout "  God.". For about 4 days I was heavily looked at by all the guards... that was the day I began the brainwashing. They thought the isolation broke me down. It only made me stronger. Everytime I entered the brainwashing room I would see a broken window. The room was on the first floor, so I could get out without too much damage. But I was... nowhere. Nowhere meaning a forest. I could run, of course, but how long would the forest last? I didn't know. Forest was freedom. Freedom is good. So I got to get in the forest. One day, instead of the 5 athletic guys that went with me to the room, there were only 2 janitors. I was so surprised... yet calm. I knew that was my day. As I was approaching the window, I felt some adrenaline going up my spine... I quickly headlocked one guy while kicking the other with one foot, and managed to pull a neck break on the headlocked guy.. I got ready, then jumped off the window. I fell, rolled, and managed to don't get hurt bad... I was running, running, running... I could hear some sounds, but I was so thrilled I didn't pay attention.. after about 4km running I finnaly stopped. I could feel freedom. It was... beautiful. I heard a " ! Watch how you're driving, man!". My instinct moved me, and I approaced a yellow car... "Please.. just.. let me come." The guy looked at me surprised, then told me to get in. After about half an hour, when I recovered, he asked me my story, but I was still afraid. What if he would get me to the cops? What if he was one of them? I didn't know. I just said "No time to explain. Where are you going?". He said Florida. I arrived in Florida at the age of 15. I'm 19 now, and I never spoke with my parents again, and will never do it. I truly hate them. But the experience made me realize how important free will is. .. aaaaand I grew  ing awesome muscles. Thanks for reading so far ! I means a lot to me that I can share my story... it hurts even now, after 4 years.
0	As a person with A.D.D. I'm not sure how I feel. I started taking it the end of my junior year of high school. By that time I was struggling with depression because of the stress from school. Even after I started taking vyvance, my gap was so bad I was sucidide for a short time. After high school I went to community college for a year and made deans lost both semesters I was there. I then transferred to a state school and am maintaining a 3.75 gap. I've never been happier in my entire life. Almost everything in my life, EVERYTHING, is better now. On the other hand, I don't think I would understand my personality as well or how I think off of meds if I had never experienced it for so long. Now people don't notice I have A.D.D and when I mentioned it to a few people they didn't believe me. I'm ok with that though most of the time.
1	I'll be completely and totally honest. This excuse of not performing well because "they need more time to play together" is complete bullshit. You don't need months and months to create synergy between players when you play every day 8+ hours a day. It takes a week or two tops.   Look at EU, Fnatic gets a new ADC, move their ADC to support and they win the summer split. TSM replaces Chaox with Turtle, did they get any worse? No they got better right away. What about Vulcun when they get Bloodwater? Are they worse now? This excuse of "they will get better in time" is the most overused bullshit and as a long time CLG fan I am really getting tired of it.   Lets have a real talk. CLG's players are the ones who are failing, it isn't synergy, it isn't they haven't had enough time at their new position. Hai moved from jungle to mid and right away he became one of the most feared mids in NA. Their comps always rely on Doublelift carrying the shit out of CLG because he is the only one mechanically strong enough to do so. Nien I'd give credit and say he has been doing very well and has earned his spot, but that is only two players out of five. Link has honestly been a disappointment. Link was hyped up so much as a great player and every now and then he has a great game and looks damn amazing. The only problem is he isn't amazing most of the time. Chauster used to be one of the best supports easily, except the thing we all need to focus on is "used to". I'm assuming Chauster is still their shot caller now, and if he is then he has been doing a shitastic job at it. Their indecision on things has cost them so many games when they have it in the bag. This is what makes CLG games so frustrating to watch. It isn't Doublelift getting caught, it is CLG standing there watching the other team doing dragon after dragon and even baron a couple of times and not doing a single thing. Honestly that should be on bigfatlp because the jungler needs to have control over them but its on the shotcaller too.   I'm done ranting, but if CLG keeps this roster I can't wait to see them in S4 and when they are in the bottom 4 again they'll just say "Well we have been together for barely a year now, we need more time to create synergy" Bullshit.   Oh and to those who say they have gotten better, no they haven't. They started out hella good in the season and everyone had super high expectations. They went down as the season went on then had a small bump towards the end.   -Disgruntled CLG fan.
1	I don't feel Irelia needs much working on, if any at all.   But I believe everyone knows how strong Nidalee is right now, even Riot. They're probably doing extensive testing/theory making because the entire point of her remake was to balance her through change, but now she's stronger than before. She can do almost any role and be built in so many different ways, yet still be effective. She has problems and Riot knows it but they probably want to avoid gutting her. They did put in good time and effort into the remake and want to ensure it was not a waste.
0	the tongue and mouth provide a direct sensory pathway to the brain, which would influence "palate" and taste aversions.   However, in terms of overall avoidances, taste would also play a role in terms of the effects of the alcohol (in the brain) compared to that on the receptors of the sensory afferents (on the tongue)
0	Hey friend... What does
1	How is this FAIR to the one that possibly dropped w/o its being his fault? aka internet/power outage? Its nothing I can prevent from ever happening, but at the Same time this situation is sooooo easy to fake, aka pull the plug. So i take a HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!! punishment for something that isn't my fault, i cannot prevent but yet is very easy to fake. thats like punishing christians for earthquakes because they didnt finish they dinner. wtf.
1	Gonna try and think up an item and it's cost:  120 AP  250 Health  15 MPen   AP value + Health Value + MPen Value:  2610 + 667.5 + 400 = 3777.5 rounded down to 3700 total price for cost effectiveness, subject to change   NLR and Guise costs:  1600 + 1485 = 3085   Total cost - Build Path cost 3700 - 3085 = 615 Build cost
0	Oh professor, you're hysterical. Can I get your e-mail one more time though? I've misplaced my notebook and need to turn in my essay!   seriously though, have you caught on this is the internet and sometimes people type on phones that mess up your words or they simply don't feel the need to use special formatting for an informal social dialogue, much like the every day language spoken by everyone instead of what many consider "Proper English"
1	Diamond rengar only player here; AP Rengar actually has a really good landing phase. The weakness is the window where you can't quite Oneshot the adc/apc ie midgame, lategame he functions similarly to ad nuke rengo but can't duel aswell making him an inferior splitpusher, after your 3x w rotation you have no dmg and is countered very hard by banshees veil, so unless you snowball hard and accelerate your midgame you're going to have a hard time
0	i live in an apartment complex and we have common laundry area. the dryer is not so good. and the washer don't wash well if i put too much clothes. here is what i do. I limit to about 10 shirts worth of clothes, or 2 large towels. with this amount, it washes well and comes out dry out of the dryer every time. i just do laundry every weekend. If you are doing laundry for the entire family, maybe you can dedicate one person's load at a time? You don't even have to separate them after that.
0	Today, I also found out my bike was stolen.   It was stolen a few weeks ago, but long story short, I found the cable cut when I went to get my bike a week after I moved out of my apartment. I assumed it was impounded either due to an expired registration sticker, or the fact I was no longer a resident. It was late, so leasing office and impound center were both closed. I was going out of state and figured I'd just get it out of the impound when I got back.   So I get back last night, call the impound today... definitely don't have my bike (they would have notified me, plus kept the lock so I could prove it was my bike). So I call my apartment complex, and they ask maintenance/check storage. Never confiscated my bike. All this time it was stolen, and I thought it was chilling in the impound.   Probably the worst part is my bike is a wreck--the brakes don't really work, the seat falls off, and the gears don't turn. So, the bike thief most likely realized my bike was shitty and dumped it, so there's not much chance I'll ever see it again.
1	Waveclear, burst dmg, cheap itemization, movement spd for bigger catch potential.   Early ludent burst more than any other possible item in a shorter period of time.   Faster movement also helps with roaming, positioning.   In fact there is very few a who doesn't buy early lucent especially in diamond plus level of play.   I know my points are not well expanded, it's basically a
0	Depends if you're asking something or suggesting an idea. Lots of times you see "google it" as a response to "How do I open 2 spreadsheets in Excel". Something that has a solid answer and requires no discussion. You don't see it with a post like "Hadoop is a more efficient database than SQL, because...". The ignorant way to phrase that post would be "Is Hadoop a more efficient database than SQL?". You can google that, and your phrasing doesn't encourage discussion, it encourages a simple answer. Just like how bad teachers just stand up there asking questions looking for the "right" answer and good teachers suggest an idea, have students discuss, and never so much as suggest a "right answer" even exists. Maybe a "best answer as of current knowledge" but never ONE "right answer".
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.
1	Fuck it. When in doubt source it.
1	I don't think that changing eve's ulti is necessary. Her ulti is a ridiculously strong initiation, because it provides 3 very strong stats (a huge slow, % of current health damage and a giant shield). Iti is already one of the best ultimates in the game, so why make it that it does not only initiate but also execute, especially because eve already has very good execution potential. It's like arguing that karthus ulti also should deal % of life damage so you can also use it as initiation tool.
1	Every strat listed here is used in League, we just call it something different or it is executed in a slightly different way. Let's make some comparisons.   4 protect 1 . This is similar to what CLG does sometimes with Doublelift (even though he claims they don't). Let's take an example of a team comp that does this: Vayne, Thresh, Cho, Zac, Orianna. This comp doesn't mean only one champion gets farm, it just means that when there is a choice who gets farm, the 1 gets it. The focus is getting Vayne super big and everyone else peels for her, letting her shred through the enemy.   Hard Push . Unless you just joined the League scene, you have seen this used for a while internationally. We just call them push comps. It's part of the reason why teams swap lanes to get a 2v1, to push down a turret, get an early dragon, and snowball from there. Granted, it is a little different in that a push comp team doesn't have to win by 20 minutes, but the basic concept is the same: get early global gold and snowball the game.   Split Push aka rat doto . Usually in League, we consider split push 1 and 4 - one champion pushes one lane and the other four push another. But it can also be 1-3-1 or 2-2-1. The latter is less popular, but it isn't too uncommon to see a Zed pushing one lane, Shen in another, and then the other three in a lane as well. It's almost a given that if Shen or Zed is on your team, you will be doing a split push at some point in the game.   Tri Core . To see this in League, take away the LoL designations and use the Dota ones. For example, ADC = 1, Mid = 2, Top = 3, Jungle = 4, Support = 5. Now you judge them based on who is the farm priorities, not lane positions. Let's take a look at a TSM team comp and see how this works (TSM vs. Dig, week 8 LCS) and give them Dota designations. Turtle was on Graves, there's your 1. 2 and 3 are pretty interchangeable (which isn't out of the ordinary in Dota either), we had Dyrus on Jayce and Regi on Kassadin. Oddone was on Nasus, there's your 4, and Xpecial had Thresh in the 5 position.   This team comp has 3 main carries, 3 champions you need farm on to do well, 3 main damage dealers, etc etc. Graves, Jayce, and Kassadin are your tri core, Nasus and Thresh the supports. Nasus gets farm to be tanky, but not at the detriment of one of the cores, and Thresh inherently is not an easy champion to pick off (compared to other supports like Zyra or Janna). Put a Philo Stone on him and there is his farm.   Global Ganks and/or Team fight . Once you hit 6 on some champions, globals become very scary and coordinated teams get aggressive. I don't think I need to explain why TF, Shen, Ashe, Nocturne globals can be very scary.   > I knew mostly everything except for the strats, really wish there was more of that in league tbh   It IS there, you just need to look at it a little differently. Apply the terminology from Dota to LoL or vice versa and you will see the similarities. I used to think the games were very different too, but I did some quick study before TI3 so I could understand what was going on and I realized that they are both MOBAs with the same goal and same fundamentals - it is the nuances and execution that are different.
1	I don't agree with most of that, Morgana binding is a skill shot, learn to dodge. It's slower than a blitz hook, give me a damn break. Also, Cait is still a top tier adc as well. A lot of adc mains haven't realized our jobs changed this season, our job now is to kill the enemy tank line.   Rarely will you be so far ahead you can destroy the entire enemy team like we could last season. I never count on being able to do that. Yeah some adc are stronger lane bullies than others but honestly there's a pretty solid balance of early vs late game power for the vast majority of adc's (sorry Quinn).
0	As long as we're bragging about AP scores, my greatest triumph was scoring a 5 on the English Comp exam, so I didn't have to take any English courses in college and what's more, I didn't even take the English Lit exam because it wouldn't have given me any more transfer credit.
1	I think he is not talking about how viable Taric is at solo top. Its more about the fact that everyone knows so much about League of Legends and can tell him that Taric at top is shit. They will keep on doing that until Hotshot for example starts playing Taric at solo top.Then they start to play Taric at top and fail and everything. I think thats what he meant about close minded and arrogant people.   The community is annoying me aswell in the last time. In nearly every game is the same type of idiot that is crying 24/7. If he is going to win he will say:"easy noobs". If he is losing his mid,pushing and getting ganked 24/7 without buying wards he is going to say:"report my jungler that is never ganking or lol you are so bad you need always help from your jungler" and so on.   There are so many people in this game who are really thinking they are better than everyone else,have to tell everyone how they suck and their build is wrong and they are obviously only losing because other people do the mistakes.   I really like playing League of Legends because it everytime something different but I really dont know why this community is so annoying. I dont wanna say everyone acts like that but there are more dumb people than in every other game i played.
0	If that's what the law says then it must be true!   Indiana legislature attempts to establish pi as 3.2:
1	So to all who say that this is a post is just a fake thread etc. We have a lot of time for this homework and our teacher knows that a lot of us go to Dreamhack, Gamescom etc. He asked us if we know some Pro Players and a friend told him that he knows some Counter Strike pros. Our teacher told him if there is a possible way that he interviews them and ask questions about their life and so on. He said yes and another guy said that he could ask someone from Razer about the sponsoring thing etc. And the teacher said that he would be amazed if everybody is able to do such an interview and we all replied yes ( Girls said no :( ).
1	ADC since early S2.  Why?   Well, I came out of conclusion it will make me better overall, since I'd have to pay way more attention to my CS, position, targetting, map awareness more than I'd being a tanky top that just manmodes in or a midlaner that blows his combo and his job is mainly done.   I also realized that kiting is the most rewarding thing for me in the game and I loved how much hope does it give the enemies, but man - they joy when I manage to kite 2 people and kill them is priceless.   I started by playing Ashe and felt in love with her ultimate, which then became a very strong side of mine. Moved to Graves since he was a God in S2 and he came out 19th October, which is my birthday. I kept on learning new ADCs and finally realized that was the role I wanted to main and none other. I still have 2-3 comfort picks for other lanes, but when I play ADC now, it just gives me that feeling I can carry extremely hard, even on high ELO.
0	I was in 7-11 not too long ago around midnight and a man who was clearly in pain( he had a hospital bracelet on still) dropped a bag of chips, I ran over and picked it up for him, I then helped him get his slurpee. When we got to the register he was very adamant about buying my bread for me saying how he had been to a few places and no one had offered to help even when he desperately needed it an i had helped without a second thought, little did he know I was buying the bread with coins I had found and was hoping I had enough for it so I was so grateful that he bought it for me. We both ended up helping each other a lot without really doing much. :)
1	If I were the OP, I'd take this as a lesson in "Be careful when playing with money over the internet" and not make the same mistake in the future.
0	The butt hurt is strong on reddit. To all the people saying hide this, hide that, you control your front page...hide this meme. Republicans are racist, I'm not liberal, I'm libertarian, liberals hate jesus, jesus isnt real, yes he is, no he isnt, where is the proof, its right here, thats not proof, you cant disprove him, yes i can, no you cant, you cant prove he does exist, yes i can, no you cant, its right here, you're gay, that's offensive, stop being racist, I said gay, that's still racist, Reddit chooses what it wants to be, reddit is more neutral depending on the subreddit...blah blah blah. saying reddit is neutral is like saying fox news is fair and balanced and CNN let republicans have their say in leftist matters. There are definitely clear cut boundaries and some of those areas have wide ranging membership whereas others...well, they don't have a great membership within the confines of reddit. Whoa, reddit is its own entity! No, it conforms just like all other media to a very clear cut label. We don't believe in labels. Yes we do, everything is labeled on reddit! Its only labeled based on its content! But most stuff still conforms, no it doesn't! -The Mind of a Drunk Perusing Reddit, Who Will Wake Up With Either Mass Amounts of Upvotes or Downvotes (or None At All, No One Can Accurately Predict the Hive Mind that is Reddit) With a Typical Comment Response Below it Pointing Out Level of Intelligence, in this Case a Low Level of Intelligence, With Other Typical Comment Saying He Just Wants Upvotes (or Downvotes, Depending On Whether Some Calls Him a Downvote Loving Troll) Then of Course the Critique Comment Using Sources or the "You Know, it isn't Really Unpopular, Just Your Own Opinion. You Are Entitled to it." And the Ever Loving Comment "Yeah, I'm Not Reading this Mass, Too Much Information (or, Depending: I Could Tell it Would Be Unintelligent From the First Sentence), So Instead Ill Tell You... (30 Lines Later) So in My Conclusion, Reddit is Reddit and You are Dumb. The End. Ill call this book "I read the first few comments of the front page top topic."   And Then Of Course the Parentheses Police, I Don't Care if you are Drunk, Use Correct Grammar!
1	Can we please stop lumping all the TSM fans as one group? I watched every single game of theirs and while it was hard to watch, you can't have a team win everything, especially when I believe their strategy doesn't work as well internationally. Am I upset, sure. Do I feel they could've played and done better, of course I do. Do I hate on Dyrus, no cause he's my favorite player on the team and I respect the way he plays. The one thing I wish for is for TSM as a whole to work on making Santorin fitting into the team better and to not let Bjergsen play Cho'Gath anymore. Santorin was good enough for the spring split but I do not feel he is able to consistently play well on an international level. All I can hope for is that they work to try and fix the problems they had in time for Worlds.
0	I don't know all the ins and outs of all religions, but I don't see what makes one religions creator any more or less credible than others. Nobody was there centuries ago when they were created, and they all require a leap of faith that atheists and science abiding individuals aren't willing to make. Joseph Smith, or the person who coined Judaism or Christianity all made a similar leap of faith, and it's not like those religions have clean hands either. There were wars over them, and I'm fairly certain most of them make enormous amounts of money off of their followers and tax free status.
1	In my opinion the reason why people dont watch support is because the learning curve for the CHAMPION is not that high, but what people do no realize is that spontaneous decision making is the highest aspect playing a good support. I respect all the high level support players as a person who also prefers to play support, and hope that people realize that one slight decision that a support makes could save the carries from dying.   With that said I actually watch solo top players, because I can learn HOW high level players play them, and mimicking them actually improves my performance. For example, I have been eyeing on Riven and was going to buy her when I get enough IP, but bought her with her 50% sale with RP. I immediately played a game with her and went on to dominate my opponents with 0 prior experience from just WATCHING how to play her.   However with supports, since the champions itself has a low learning curves, if there is no commentary on internal thought process, people would not be able to learn the subtle spontaneous decision makings. Without them, the stream is seems dry since it seems like I am watching something that is repetitive until mid game, and I am not really inspired to watch for 20 min of lane phase for 10~20 min mid~late game phase with 0 commentary or 0 humor.   I love watching Nhat Nguyen because even though he provides not much commentary about HIS decision making, his humor and his sometimes non serious humorous games make it fun to watch and listen to him.
1	Lissandra is just a perfect example for his so called "toxic gameplay", not getting in range of that r skill is not an easy task since she has a high range engage, I'm not saying that Liss is too strong, I was just trying to say that there are other champions with "toxic gameplay", where you have to buy QSS, I think riot should just buff cleanse a little bit, because buying QSS delays your build a whole lot.
0	It was a conscious decision actually. I was at a point in my life where everything I had valued was coming apart in front of me and honestly I was in the pits of despair for a while. I realized the only thing I could control was myself and I made the conscious decision to do whatever I could to improve myself. I was at a point where all I felt was inadequate and disappointed in myself, and I realized only I could change it and that I had to take it one step at a time. If you had told me just 8 months ago that I would go from eating like shit to being a vegetarian and a guy who  has  to work out before he can feel his day is complete, I'd have probably called you a bullshitter and shrugged it off.   As for diet, it took me a total of 3 months before I actually learned how to eat. It took me another month before I implemented it and everyday it's a conscious decision to not take the easy way out and buy that supposedly healthy "lean cuisine" instead of spending 20 minutes cooking. At the time, I was working a 3rd shift job overnight doing menial tasks and luckily management did not care if I listened to audio books so I downloaded everything I could and listened for 8 hours a day everyday on nutrition, diets, and motivational speeches. I listened and I slowly started restructuring my diet. First thing first, I cut down on my sugars and processed foods. I didn't eliminate anything from my diet until this past November. In December I started eating leaner cuts of meats and incorporated vegetables. At first I had no idea what to do with vegetables other than potatoes, corn, mushrooms and onions so I bought vegetable blends and just stir fried it if nothing else. After a long time of not consuming endless amounts of sugars, I realized that vegetables ain't all that bad (I used to think they tasted gross). Starting in January, partly because I found myself spending gross amounts of money on chicken breast, I tried going vegetarian. It was a bit hard, and still is, to learn how to prepare foods ahead of time and how to cook it but it's a work in progress. So far I'm rather enjoying it because now I spend at most 30 minutes a day cooking and I spend roughly $200 a month on groceries now which is roughly $2 a meal. I eat a lot of different legumes, greens, more potatoes than I care to admit, lots of egg whites with the occasional yolk, milk, and snack on fruits. By the way, bananas are amazing at $0.39/lb where I am at, it's a ridiculously cheap snacking food instead of buying beef jerky. Unlike most people, I don't count calories anymore either since it puts me in this strange mindset where I have to eat x amount of food. However, I'm not looking to gain but lose weight and so far it's been working.   As for exercising, I started off actually just walking. It's so simple it flies over our heads. Many of my friends do Beachbody programs and I chose to walk. My objective was to lose weight and be healthier, and frankly, walking is easy on me, gives me time to just wind down and relax, and its been healthy. After about 3 months of walking, I figured I'd give Insanity a try with all of the yooha I got from friends about it. I did it for 30 days before I got bored. To me it felt like glorified cardio and I felt I could get a better cardio session running around my neighborhood. Mind you, running "1 block" on my neighborhood is equivalent to 1 mile (I tested it on Nike+ Run) thanks to being filled with 3 different apartment complexes and a park. Afterwards, I actually went to a gym near my neighborhood but was disappointed by the lack of training the "personal trainer" had and the lack of an actual bench press or squat rack so I resigned myself to exercising at home due to a lack of car.   So I started learning calisthenics. I got onto my computer, as most of us do, and instead of typing in reddit or facebook or something like that I simply googled "body weight exercise" and bam! Calisthenics it was. So that's what I decided on. Of course I get shit from it from some people but I feel I have no reason to manipulate other weights until I can actually handle my own weight and it's what has kept it fun and interesting for me. Besides, I have major motivation just from looking at the insane things people can do with their body on youtube, Frank Medrano, Bar Bros, and Ido Portal to name the first few that I stumbled upon. Seriously watching them do what they do simply made me go "That. I want to do that." and that was the end of that.   As far as how to get started, I think it begins first with the mentality. You have to make the conscious decision to go through with it. A lot of people want to change/improve/do something but I feel a lot of people do not make the conscious effort to do it even when they do not want to do it. So step 1 is a mentality change; you start doing the shit you don't want to do because you know it is what you have to do to get what you want. Once you can do that bit where you do things even when you do not want to you'll naturally progress forward. I think this is where a lot of people fail, but afterwards it becomes a lot easier.   Afterwards, is the part where you begin to like what you do and want to learn more. This is the best part and so far where I feel I am at. Right here is where you want to learn anything and everything about a particular subject. You start reading everything you can, asking people, listening to people, and eating up all the information you can find on it and then attempting to do it (ideally in a safe way). You continue to do it and you start to love doing it and in a mundane way, you slowly gain mastery.   The last part of it, I think, is when it sort of consumes you. What you wanted becomes a part of you and you absolutely want to share that bit to anyone who would listen. Of course it doesn't necessarily mean you go out and preach it but when people ask you share to the best of your ability. And when you've reached this part, it's already become a part of you and you do it everyday without fail.   So really, it all comes down to the old questions: "Do  you  really want it?" and "How  bad  do you want it?" And if you say you really want it and you want it bad then even if you don't want to do the things you have to do, you do it anyway because that's how bad you want it and if you don't, then you just don't want it bad enough.   As far as weight loss is concerned, I do believe people should be less concerned about weight as a factor of weight loss. The scale  will  destroy you. I say, step on it when you commit to losing weight to see where you start... and then step on it again in six months or whenever you feel you've progressed and you will succeed in your own mind. Weighing yourself everyday and even every week however, I think, weighs on your mind because you see no progress and give up. You just got to see it as an investment, and the way I think of it, I'm building myself into my image, my masterpiece, with my own two hands slowly and one day I  will  get there but until then I  must  keep hammering away.   /End of rant.
0	Except that it's alleged and Sweden hasn't actually pressed charges.  He's wanted for questioning, and the Swedish government won't assure him they won't extradite him to the US immediately, so he's not leaving the embassy in Britain.
1	You have seen nothing.   Lolking.net -> charts -> highest win rate on ranked solo this week on challenger
1	Elo hell" is considered the bracket just above and below your true elo. Essentially it's the threshold you cross into where you can no longer single handedly carry every member of your team on your back. The closer you get to your actual elo, the less impact you have on the game itself. It's approximately 200 elo below and above your actual elo.   If your true elo was 1500, for example, anything below 1300 you could easily just roll face and destroy every team fight, regardless of the derp on your team. As you approach 1500, it isn't as guaranteed that you're going to play amazing or get fed enough to carry everything - not to say it isn't possible - it's just less likely since you're playing against people at or around your skill level. This results in your 50/50 win ratio that keeps your elo relatively stable - ie "true elo."   Basically, you climb the ladder and grind your way to  your  elo hell, then you bounce around in there for a while. This is the reason that people complain about elo hell - because they have a smaller impact on the results of the game and therefore every turnout is seemingly decided by the ragers/feeders/afkers on your team. When you have less control over the game, it's everybody else's fault that you're stuck.
1	I have a personal trainer. It's great for feeling good. But I wouldn't dream about claiming anything like it improves my game play, rather the opposite. After a work out, I'm just tired and sleepy and my reaction time goes way down. Couple of days after my muscles are sore and slow. Sure, in general my fitness is increased, I'm getting stronger and faster with better stamina. But the only way I see that affecting game play is if I would do a marathon session where endurance becomes more important possibly, and I wouldn't recommend those marathon sessions to anyone either. I bet that if anyone anywhere claims to notice an effect, it is just placebo effect - the power of faith alone could make a difference since anything competitive is a mental game to a large degree.
0	I had a friend who was diagnosed with ADD. Really smart kid, wasn't having problems with school or anything. Always had time for his numerous hobbies while doing great on homework. Anyway, he was diagnosed and was skeptical but decided to try the meds and go from there. He likes the extra sharp focus it gives him and now insists he knew he was ADD because he "found background noise distracting."
0	So much yes to this. My friend ALWAYS gives in to her son, and because of that he is a spoiled terrible little piece of shit. He treats her like garbage because he knows he'll be rewarded for it. The worst part is it ALMOST started getting better. She started asking us to watch him so that our lifestyle would rub off on him, and slowly things started to improve. But then the kid figured out that if he just went back to his mom and said, "I don't waaaant to be at their house I'd rather be with youuuuu" it would get him out of any punishments he'd earned.   We tried explaining to her that she had to match our firmness if she was to see a change in him, but she doesn't want to "scar" him (which in her mind is any form of punishment), so they just end up talking about feelings all the time. While that seems like an ideal way to handle a problem, kids are smart in their own shitty way. They know that if they recite the right phrases, they can get out of shit. "Oh, I stole that man's wallet because I'm mad at my dad".has become an easy out for him.   I love the kid, I really do. But I'm scared for him. He has no discipline, no guidance that steers him away from behaving like an asshole. I'm terrified for him because he's already showing signs of being aggressive and violent. He isn't held accountable for it, so soon he'll be 18, physically hurt someone, and get in huge trouble. I just wish he would get the guidance now that would benefit him in the long run.
1	It's so annoying when people complain. LoL is a free game. No ifs, ands, or buts about it. I don't care how much money you've spent on the game. Spending money was your choice. LoL is a free badass game; be grateful.
0	There is no law requiring people to have a photo ID, so by forcing people to get one to vote can stop those who are poor from voting.  Since the US already has really low voter turnout, it is counterintuitive to shrink the population who can vote further seems counter to what a representative democracy should strive for.  And since businesses are not required to give you time off to vote, reducing early voting also targets the working poor in an attempt to further reduce those able to vote.
1	was scrolling through customs games, and stumbled upon a plat vs silver game. proceeded to play my main role(adc). completely trashed my lane opponents, going up 3 kills by lvl 6. then the enemy support decided to just come to lane and afk in it on purpose. so i just kept killing him. was told not to be a " bm tryhard" in chat. so i proceeded to afk farm, and actively not trying to kill my lane opponents. that is until the enemy zed decided to 1v1 over and over again, and of course he got wrecked. both teams eventually scaled into late game, and the plat team won 1 team fight and ended the game.
0	easily accessible clothing.   Do you have any idea how wrong that sounds?   I agree that you shouldn't leave your phone laying around in a public area, but I can't see what that has to do with women's clothing. Leaving your phone up for grabs is quite something different than choosing what dress to wear. In fact, I'm kind of regretting my analogy in my previous comment.
0	It's convenient for the person asking, sure. But I'd argue all the negatives you listed are basically part of the game: it'd be nice to walk into a bar and know exactly who's interested in you and who's not but it just doesn't work that way. You don't know whether the person is interested in you the same way that the person doesn't know anything about you besides whatever interaction you had with them (which has left you with a # and questioning how sincere they were being). Like I said before, and I know it's unfortunate but,: offending normal people who would prefer being turned down (and so be more likely to get over it) is better for the individual-being-asked than offending the (hopefully uncommon) person that will react like a dick/looney-tune.
0	I understand a lot of you don't think someone can be addicted to weed or just think I'm being a pussy, and honestly I'd probably have the same reaction.   But I said I'm addicted because I honestly think I am. Weed is fun, and awesome thing to do with down time and a great stress reliever. In moderation.   My problem is I don't have the self control to "gentleblumpkin, don't smoke this bowl rght now". I smoke entirely too much. Since smoking in excess I am now failing 3 out of my 4 classes and quit the swim team. My friends all notice a change in me (not for the better) and my family just thinks I'm growing into an anti-social recluse. My bank account is nearly drained and I feel guilty whenever I get a bank statement.
1	And I hate people who want other people to play only Soraka and Janna so they can whore their E-penis with their 'rad' Ashe 100 cs by 20 minutes mad plays. The game isn't built around you, if someone doesn't want to support but ends up doing so in order  not  to fuck 4 other people on his team, he can do whatever the hell he enjoys.   And to be quite honest, I love the underdog lane. Things like Ezreal/Nunu and Varus/Sona were considered straight up dumb when facing the 'ultimate' duo of Graves/Soraka or Cait/Janna and then it's so rewarding when you end up outplaying the know-it-alls I can't even describe it.
1	Not sure how it would interfere with competition. If Team A picks Rengar, Team B will most likely not pick Kha'zix. Unless Team B thinks they can get the buff, in which case they  might  pick him. It just adds another decision to the pick/ban process. This is assuming Rengar or Kha'zix aren't pick or ban status. If there is a relative amount of balance between all champs, this just allows one team to gamble on getting an edge. It would actually increase competition because each team will be hunting a specific member of the others.   Now, on the other hand, if these types of interactions become standard on multiple champs who have intersecting lore, that could be an issue. Of course if you want faster games, this mechanic will help. However, it will turn picks and bans into an entire strategy game (more so than it already is) in an of itself. This could be an option Riot is toying with rather than just adding more bans. I don't see this as a bad thing, although it would certainly complicate the game and change it a bit.
1	Meh, her gameplay was different, she wasnt really a jungler but a top laner, mostly because her mana cost :   Her Q cost 60 mana at ALL ranks, had a higher cast range and dealt more damage  (now it is from 80 to 100). Oh and her spinderlings and herself in spider mode were more tanky
1	Started right at 30, my first couple of games I played horribly due to not feeling comfortable in the role I got and fed alot of the time, but after 3 games of feeding I got in my groove, played the roles/champs I was comfortable with, and ended up getting into silver 5. If I had waited, I probably would have been placed higher, and would be mid/low gold instead of silver 2 at the moment.
0	It didn't work for my parents. They were married and in their late 20s and they were still forced to sit at the kids table at dad's parents' house.   Don't think it was just an age/status thing, as dad's younger siblings got to sit at the main table during the same holidays. Also when I was a kid my younger male cousin got a place at that table, while I still had to sit at the little one (I'm the eldest of the grandkids).
0	Imo the 'fap' thing is a joke. In /r/cringe you see all sorts of "fapfapfapfap" fb comments on pics of girls or whatever. I guess I can just talk about me personally, but I don't think I've ever fapped to anything I announced I was fapping to.   The idea of people masturbating to these leaked celebrity photos is offensive, so naturally the people who are amused by the leaks are going to push that angle to get more hilarious outrage. And it's working! Commentators are frothing at the mouth, and  that's  hilarious.   (I haven't masturbated to any of these celeb pics, and I likely never will because I don't find the pics or subject matter that attractive. But I'll continue being on the amused side of this.)
0	I imagine this will get down voted to oblivion, but I don't mind.   Mind you, I'm not an expert, but this is why I don't particularly care about the issue and am frustrated with reddit's general stance.   We as citizens basically sat around and watched the Patriot Act go through will moderate fuss, which basically is the key in what allowed this to happen and why so many in the government on both sides allowed it to happen and said nothing in protest. We've known this is happening for year, but chose to ignore it until it was thrust in our faces. All of a sudden we throw a hissy fit.   Are there parts where things maybe weren't done properly and someone taking advantage of the information at their disposal? Most likely, but where hasn't there been? You are dealing with human nature here. MN recently had a case were an employee accessed the personal information of hundreds of people without official reasons. These things happen.   Privacy is dead, and this has been known for years by many. The more interconnected we get and the more we use and depend on technology, the more we sacrifice privacy. That won't change unless we rise as a collective whole, not against the government, but against the tech giants. In the world we live in today, we basically have to deal with the privacy terms they give us, with no other options often.   Lastly, even if the government goes all V for Vendetta - esque I could care less. In the struggle of the few vs the many, the people will always succeed in the end. If they want to go down that road, let them try.
1	I honestly thought the assassin meta was fine for adcs. Champions with dashes or QSS can easily fight back against an assassin, and I had so much fun playing ezreal/tristana/graves/lucian/even caitlyn and sivir could be used. Also, the smart thing to do is stay grouped, if you're not doing that, then you're not learning from your mistakes. There was counterplay to this.   Poke/Siege...Adcs should not be getting hit with any skillshots anyways, why are they sitting near their tower and not in the back when they're being sieged on? That's full out their fault. During that meta, almost any adc could be used as well.   The main issue I have with tank meta is that the only tank shredders all have crap laning phases (Vayne/Kog/Jinx) so they're going to either be even or behind on gold if they get unfavorable matchups, which is likely to happen. All other adcs don't have the damage output to deal with 5k hp + thornmail and armor to top it off, and they just end up killing themselves. This affects EVERY adc.   And honestly, even top laners are taking cinderhulk and smite, even saying fuck flash. This is the first time top laners have ever done this (at least since I started playing at the end of season 2). If you think that's not an issue, then there is definitely something wrong with your perception of the game. You even see cho in mid lane, an AP tank that does true damage, and Urgot, who's passive and ult are designed to make him tanky. Mid-laners like leblanc haven't been seen as much because people are just saying fuck it and going tanky as well. Tanks are literally taking over every lane, something the assassin and poke/siege meta didn't do. I don't understand why people don't see this as a problem.   But hey, minute long teamfights FTW! Just my opinion, any criticism accepted :o
1	It does tick based on how many points you have, but you also get points for kills. Ive seen a lot of teams run someone's score down based on kills while relatively ignoring towers, or forgetting about towers late game. Problem is, he points for kills cuts out when the other teams nexus hits about 100. The game goes smoothly till about 100 left, then points for kills cuts out and the other team is owning the towers. The other team just about sweeps the game because the first team is concentrating more on kills than towers.
1	This subreddit seems full of these kind of posts recently expressing concern about mobility creep, bruiser power etc. Its the reason I am slowly playing other MOBAs instead of LoL (other than the community... but thats a different discussion)   Riot has built a huge awesome champion base but now that number is working against them ... they are going out of control. The problem isnt necessarily that Riots design team is bad, but rather the disconnect between generations of Riot design teams. You can look at waves of champions (i.e. launch, season 1, season 2, season 3 etc) and see common recurring themes. Mobility creep is one of these as is the bruiser power with the recent generations. It is what creates "Metas".   Thus, Riot needs to do a "Champion audit" of sorts where they look at each champion vs the overall picture. Not necessarily for their balance but for their kits. Ashe is a prime example of not being able to "fit in" in a world of mobility and gap closers.   How would I fix it? I got no idea, damnit it man im a business/biology major not a game designer! The point is, they have their awesome content(champion base), now they need to consolidate the content and make it all mesh and work together before they continue with future endeavors or they will start losing player base to other MOBAs.   This brings up another problem, especially with all of the telecom monopoly crap happening recently, which is that LoL has such a huge MOBA marketshare that, honestly, a small dip/decline of their playerbase wont phase them. Thus, they wont likely care to spend the time and resources into looking into whats wrong and pleasing the playerbase.
0	My best friend and band mate couldn't possibly be any more reasonable when it comes to religious beliefs and he's Christian. Former Catholic. I'm a non believer and we get along just fine even when debating religion and politics.   In fact he's brought up fantastic arguments against organized religion on many occasions. His belief in a deity has never been an issue because he never makes it one.   To go even one step further we used to jam with a hardcore Christian drummer who kept trying to push our music in a religious direction. This led to my taking a hiatus from the group for a while. Wasn't the only reason though.   My friend had put his foot down from the beginning and made it clear that this wasn't going to happen ever and he eventually had to part ways with him. He didn't even do it for my sake. He just didn't want that sort of element involved in our writing process.   Drummer dude was a nice enough guy otherwise, very talented, but didn't understand this his beliefs didn't override everyone else's.
1	I'd propose a mobile app allowing you to :     connect to your account   chat with friends   access the shop and buy things   manage runes and masteries   manage item sets   browse the news   browse the forum   review tribunal cases
1	For me League, surprisingly to many, had a positive effect. After many games where I raged at horrible teammates I finally realised that I can only affect my own performace. I know many people have said that in varius "how to gain elo" threads, but it's one thing to read it, and completely another to really internalize it. Even when all 4 ppl on my team are straight up horrible players I dont focus on that, I think what I could've done better in this game. And trust me, there is always something, however small, that I could do better. Be it roaming, warding, trading in lane, csing, some bad decision etc. I had games where I was hard carrying my team and we could win had I avoided that ONE mistake I made. Sure, I could blame others that after only one mistake I made we lost, but if I didnt do that mistake we could probably win... It helps a lot in life, not only in game. After whatever you do, dont blame others or circumstances, always ask yourself what you couldve done better or differently. It has helped me achieve gold this season because I reflected on the games I play and I believe it will help me out in life. Thanks, League.
1	Everyone is familiar with the Dunning-Kruger effect.   A lot of the time people complain because while they make mistakes, and even acknowledge it, there are games where the teammate(s) in question perform at a level significantly lower than that of which they are expected to.   Everyone makes mistakes, and most people know that. But there are lots of circumstances where you can, in fact, blame your team for a loss. Here's the thing, no one is perfect, and no one has "perfect games" there are literally always things you could do to have played it better. By that logic, we can say that the frequency of mistakes tends to lessen, but never go away, as you progress through the ranks. Now, with that in mind, who's to say that you may make mistakes, but not nearly to the same frequency as whomever you are playing with? When you play at a level that is higher, but albeit marginally, than those you are matched with, then your teammates can in fact hold you back.
1	Personally, I think it's a good thing that they're slowing down the release tempo.   Every other week used to be "oh god, new champ week" where dumb shit would happen on a regular basis because both the player and the opponent have no idea what this new champ can do. A slower release schedule lets casual people play catch up and not fail horribly when they jump into a game after a week of not playing.   Plus they've been doing quite a bit of other work. They've given us More mastery pages that store changes on the servers, dominion, ARAM, visual reworks of older champions, re-balancing of older champions. I'd much rather have them balance out the current pool of champions rather than push out more every 2 weeks.   Even with the extra effort put into re-balancing the older champions we're still left with a horribly large pool of champions that see next to no play. Pretty much any non gapclosing burst mage, for instance. Veigar, Heimerdinger, Brand, Leblanc, Ziggs, Annie... So much work needs to be done to make these guys relevant.   I feel that adding more champions will just bring more imbalance to the pool.
1	Dom is justified in his initial defense of his teammate but the statements he makes after aren't. This incident along with voy's tweet yesterday has given me the impression that Curse is vastly overestimating its season. Their 4th place finish while decent can also be an effect of CLG relenting its playoff seeding during super week. And while curse undeniably had success in the last two super weeks going a combined 6-2 but the rest of their season is punctuated with 9 weeks of poor play and a paltry 7-13 record making the large part of the criticism warranted.
0	All whining from art students and collective high-fiving from engineers aside, can it be agreed upon that it's completely acceptable and encouraged to invest time and money into an institution that, through a proper curriculum, helps that individual develop the skills he or she needs to be proficient at said profession, as long as that individual plans parallel with his or her resources and opportunities?
1	I often wonder this too. Essentially you are  buying it for the two passives (spellblade and rage), the movement speed and the health and mana (as AS, crit chance AP and AD are pretty much null on him).   The big appeal is the spellblade passive which does an extra 240 damage (at level 18). This is pretty much the same as adding 240 stacks to your q (as the cooldown is roughly the same as the cooldown for spell-blade with 40% cdr and you proc the passive with your q normally).   What I take from this is that it is less and less efficient as the game goes on (as 240 stacks on q is less %-wise). So the earlier in the game you have it, the 'better' it is. This being said I do not think it's a good early item. Buying tri-force early means you have no money to spend on cooldown reduction (which I adore on Nasus). In a lane if I am going even or better I will try to rush cooldown reduction as early as possible (Glacial Shroud, Ionian Boots, Kindlegem + masteries for 40% cdr). I usually later upgrade my glacial shroud into a Gauntlet or Frozen Heart (and sell my boots later on when I've gotten my cdr from elsewhere.
0	Actually, if you are driving with the windows down, you have to turn the volume up to be able to hear over air blowing around your car and through your open window.  At a light, when the car is at a rest, there is no noise from the blowing air and the music now sounds like it is too loud.
0	But it's my little brother and he's only 7 and there's no way he would understand if I stopped, especially since it's the only time I see him. (We haven't really used a babysitter for at least 12 years. That one was the older sister of a friend of mine and we all knew her very well and she stole the checkbook, and a bunch of my mom's jewelry. We actually tried again a few months ago, when I was unavailable and both my parents worked.  She proceeded to pass my brother off to her younger sister, who brought a friend. Later the one who was actually supposed to watch him finally came, but brought her other sister while the first one left. They proceeded to play on their laptops and let him draw pictures and tape them all over the walls. They ate a ton of food, but didn't feed him at all, and the house was a mess when my parents got home. (This was just for six hours, not the 12 I usually watch him for.))
0	It sounds like this was a Caesarian. Pooping is more likely to occur during vaginal birth. My wife had two c-sections and threw up during the first from the anesthetic.   Cute story though, the doctor pulled my son's head out as I'm looking over the cloth barrier and all you see is wife's belly with this tiny head sticking straight up out of it and then he let out this little sneeze onto the doctor's hand. This was one of the most amazing, relieving and happy moments of my life.
0	Reflexes have a nasty habit of not adjusting to the situation. I was standing on the beach once and a girl hugged me from behind. At that time I hadn't have many girls hug me, but had trained an over-the-shoulder throw (Seoi nage) in Judo about 20 times a week for 5 years... I flipped the poor girl right over me without thinking, realised the reaction was mildly inappropriate when she was mid air and pulled back enough that she came to stand in the water up to her knees rather than landing full on her back. She never spoke to me again. In my defense, throwing her onto her back would have given a full score in a tournament, so really I was being considerate...
1	1) Viewers have full view vision  2) Viewers 'react' faster because the scenario is built in their heads with almost 100% accuracy before any fight begins and what to expect.  3) Viewers do not need to distribute their concentration to listen to team communication, make communication, predict things beyond the fog of war, control their own heroes with mouse and keyboard and coordinate with the caller's calls.
1	Of course you can freeze at tier 1, i was giving an example of when it is clear to everyone that you should freeze lane, as you clearly have lost lane hard. Your support is not going to know what play style you have and if you want to free or whatnot, just telling us will make both our lives infinity easier :)
1	Whether or not people reply to a post does not make it automatically fix any violations of the rule.   It is not related because it's about you being a personal chef, not about any aspect of the game or related eSports. At maximum, the post only has  tangential  relevance because it's somewhat related to relevant organizations, but tangential relevance is not enough to be  directly  relevant.
1	There isn't really a viable option, otherwise I think Riot would have explored it.  Calling roles is annoying, but that is what will happen when people refuse to play certain roles.  Mechanically some people cannot jungle, for lack of runes or experience, and others just flat can't last hit as the ADC.   When I play, I like to call a role that I want to play.  If it becomes a crisis (say we have a whiny little brat who only plays top-lane because he thinks he's Dyrus or whatever), I will typically let him have it and play another role.  That only works though because I'm not raging about it and I can play every role comfortably.  For most people... that just isn't an option.
1	Ok lets all just get over the fact: Thoorin is not a racist, I don't know the guy very well, I don't watch a lot of his interviews, I watched SI a couple of times and we can just conclude on that part that his statement was not a racist one. He wanted to be witty, but twitch chat was faster on Wukong joke, so he had to make a wittier one, in which he succeeded pretty well (come on it is smart). But that's not what the discussion is about.   The guy is a public person, with a lot of opinions and a big following in the community. Just like most professional athletes he holds a big responsibility when he's coming on air (mind you, he  chose  journalism as a profession, whereas athletes are good at one sport but have to take the press with it). The reason why athletes have moral clauses in their contracts is not  only  because of their relation with the public and the responsibility they hold towards that public, it's about money. Yes, money, because which company would want to sponsor a racist athlete that has been caught speeding 4 times in a month? Same goes for Thoorin  (and Ongamers): if Thoorin does not apologize for his statement on SI, brushes it off and goes on being harsh as usual (harsh is not bad, it's his style). But then comes another SI/interview/twitter post, whatever, with something insensitive that he said, and another one and another one. At some point people might start thinking: "hmm, this guy is really rude and politically incorrect and he has done nothing to improve himself, I'm not going to let my players be interviewed by a racist."   And this is actually all beside the point, just as Unfiltered said in the beginning, it's about Regi saying no to all interviews for Ongamers, because of Thoorin (they eventually fell down the racism-pit anyway, but they made a good effort). I find it weird that people think of this situation as censorship, as I conceive censorship as a thing that comes from higher up. The fact that TSM won't give interviews is an act of protecting teenagers from themselves (right now, no one playing for TSM is very experienced in dealing with press and TSM strikes me the most out of all teams, both NA and EU, as a very childish team. Oh and by the way I am a big fan of TSM, so I'm not bashing them or anything). TSM has been critiqued hard over the last weeks because of their bad play, letting go of Xpecial, etc. You don't want to push teenagers who are already on tilt, over the line by having them interviewed. They will grow more unsure if the interview goes bad and the chances of that happening are real right now.
1	Catholics consider suicide to be a sin because you are tampering with god's creation, along with quite a few other major religions.
