0	In many states, it's actually legal to pay a server less than minimum wage (which, by itself, is still not a living wage anywhere in America) if they're earning tips.  This means that, in a place where the living wage could be as much as 9 or 10 dollars an hour, a server could be making 2 or 3.  If they don't earn tips, they don't make rent.  As far as I know, this is the only non-commission job where this is legal.   And waiting tables is a hard job.  Obviously you've never done it, or you might understand that.  People at restaurants can be huge assholes, and because a server's wage depends on them being nice, they have to put up with it.  The worst part is that people know that, and will make your life miserable just because they know they can.   Suggesting that people get a new job is also just about the stupidest thing you could even say in this conversation.  Are you saying that if "entitlement-minded assholes" all quit their jobs as servers they'd magically be able to get a job that pays better and wouldn't make them depend upon the kindness of others to pay their bills?  Have you been unemployed recently?  There are a ton of people unemployed right now who have a ton of skills, so for someone whose only skill is customer service, it's a very tough job market.
1	Not really, they ban you for ruining other peoples games (AKA being toxic) and this guy made it clear that he was doing it to ruin other peoples games.   The problem is that just because you can turn off that feature does not change the fact that it was done with the intent of pissing off everyone in addition to the fact that unlike ignoring someone it is a lot less clear where the solution to that problem would be and if you are annoyed at some asshole spamming emotes odds are you aren't going to be the greatest thinker in regard to finding the solution to it hidden in your settings.
0	What do you suppose is better, learning from experience (being that deep inside a fantasy and breaking yourself from it), or just being told that you should never go that deep because its a dangerous habit? This is where I think a laissez faire type of parenting could work, to let the person find out their own, to see how deeply they can feel it instead of just having a big red X telling you "NO". That sort of denial doesn't ever seem to work, just exacerbates the desire. See: horny catholic school girls
1	You are allowed to be associated with porn sites but not have their name, which is why they would do teamYP.   I dont think personal politics should weigh in here at all either. I dont like complexity as an organization, but love the team (or at least last splits). While the opposite is true for TSM, I like the brand, but not a huge fan of anyone but Dyrus on the actual team. Point being the brand and the team are usually pretty separate entities. SSW won but im not about to go buy a samsung phone becasue of it, i dont relate samsung really with their team.   As part of the young male population here, I acknowledge the potential negatives of porn and also think that comment is kinda sexist, considering many girls watch/read porn. I'm pretty sure my girlfriend does more than me, though we often watch together.   Final point being YouPorn and PornHub have shown that they are pretty cool companies, and I think many would much rather be associated with those companies than say, wal-mart, or BP, despite the industry. I respect both companies greatly even though I donlt use their sites (shout out to  PornMD ).   Sorry for the wall of text.
0	Comcast sales rep here, and i hate to do it because it'll suck for me, but call a first time, ask a series of questions, then say you'll call back (unless the rep really sounds competent) and call back the same number and ask about installation again. Pricing and packaging WILL differ, there are dozens of different packages and every rep sells different.  Sales reps will generally ask some questions. You can ask questions too. Don't ever feel bad about a long call, we love long sales calls. We don't have AHT (average handle time) like customer support does (retention, technical, billing). Ask your prices, your terms and how long your promotion is for and how much it goes up (usually 20-30 bucks). Most tv and int packages and in most states reps are required to transfer customers beginning a contract to TPV (third party verification). Ask what install options are available. Pickup, shipping, or pro install. If the rep insists the house needs a pro install, try not to push it or what happened to OP might happen to you. Always check to make sure you have enough outlets (or you know how to split the cable) before signing up for a self install kit.  I agree that Comcast is probably the worst and i can't wait until google fiber comes to save us all, but some of the customers are the stuuuuupidest.
1	Lemon is talking about some valid points here, but the way he presents it seems to trash anything other NA teams are doing. CLG went to Korea to learn from their play styles, CRS has a dedicated Analyst and Coach, even TSM has faced off against Koreans in the biggest stage many times.   Strategy analysis is good. Statistical analysis provides rationality in explaining success. The problem is, if you start losing nobody believes a word you say. In retrospect if C9 loses this is lemon calling everyone trash ala Doublelift style.   Watch real sports Lemon. Sabermetricians and NBA stat trackers have some of the most sophisticated software out there, but their weight only holds as much as their ability to get good results.
1	To add to this point; a lot of what makes a good duo bot is the two players having the same mentality in lane. I've duoed (as support) with a friend of mine for going on 3 seasons and the only reason we synergize so well is because we have the same goal in lane. We have another friend who has played with my ADC longer than I have and is probably a better support mechanically and in game knowledge than I am but the results of the games he supports my ADC are a lot  worse just because of how damned aggressive he is. But we did have a fourth friend who also was an ADC main who he did freaking fantastic with because they only went aggressive and went for kills on the enemy bot lane.
1	Just retards circlejerking and blowing things out of proportion. Doublelift acts the way he does because it creates hype and generates more views and popularity for the players. Idiotic fans don't realize this and think players are being 100% dead serious when trash-talking, so they get defensive.
1	I can't see the OP but I am replying to you, none the less. While I think every one of the skins on sale are awesome, and probably the best for the specific character (all have some sort of particle change, and are high quality,) I have to admit I am disappointed, only because I do not play any of those champions, or have the skin already.   I have mained ADC for a year and a half, and bought the Vayne skin on release. I play shyv from time to time when not adc, though that is about 1.5% of all games, and I already have her Ironscale skin. I have heard the darkflame can cause fps issues, on top of that, I think it is VERY visually unappealing.
1	You are missing the point. There is indeed no mandatory meta, but there are somewhat more effective ways to win a game. A second champ bot besides the adc or marksman is ok, whether it is a traditional support or tryndamere, as long as they try their best to win, as you said. Now the problem occurs when they start taking cs from the adc. That isnt part of the meta, it's just the most effective way to babysit the adc until lategame. Again, this babysitting is necessary in any game that actually has an adc. Two bruisers bot is ok, as there is no weak adc needing cs. As to kills, same applies. The "second champ bot" as to not call him support, may only take kills when they are unreachable to the item hungry adc. Again, effective way of playing, no mandatory meta. I can understand why people would get mad when somebody else doesnt play effectively. Imagine getting in a cab that does twice the distance and time to get you to your destination. He isnt "playing" effectively, and you lose something because of that(money or lp).
1	I don't agree with you. I want you to imagine this scenario:   You enter lobby and are met by people calling out where they'd like to go.  You notice two people aren't talking.  They are 4th and 5th pick. The first three go exactly as planned. You called mid..took a strong mid champ...second grabbed the jungle and took smite...third volunteered to support.. Perfect. You're feeling damn lucky at this point.  Fourth without saying anything picks another strong mid ap champ. You're thinking "oh shit" and you say something like "okay..hey 5th pick dude, would you mind taking top?" ...you've got a chance to right this team comp. You'll go bot and do ap carry. That's not bad..fifth guy picks another jungler, takes smite, and doesn't say anything.   Answer: you have a counter jungle.  WRONG  you then have one lane with a support champion.   That game is basically unwinnable. The only thing you could do is have the first jungler who does communicate go top...but typically you're not looking at someone with strong harass. If the original jungler doesn't comply....gg. You have to do one in a lane with a support champion in the mix. He'll have lots of help, right? No. This is how that game goes:   Support gets pushed almost immediately. Hugs tower. Jungler is no where near ready for ganks.  At 8 minutes that tower is down. Your counter jungle gets killed because the enemy team realizes what's happening. Once bot is pushed the ad carry from the other team farms and shuts down your counter. He's now getting fed. You try to push your lane and help, but your counter jungler keeps running into the enemy woods and you have no vision because your support is completely shut down. You buy them. Now you're under farmed...especially because you are out of lane so often trying to help your team. Counter jungler switches to your jungle. Original jungler goes AFK because he's pissed...and it sucks further because he was one of the only people talking.  Surrender at 20. Second jungler suddenly says something in team chat "noob team".   This is not a dramatization. Team comps get absolutely ruined because of people who are unwilling to recognize they need to take a role. Or even just call a role so people earlier in the picking order don't lock in on something they won't be playing.  This does not happen once..this happens 3 out of 5 games.   Or at the start of a game: "brb. Getting Chinese" | never comes back.   Or: "noob <insert your champion name>" right after you don't dive the tower 2 v 4 with him.   There is no amount of carrying that gets you out of facing 3 or 4 fed champs. If you think elo hell doesn't exist..add me on league..I'll play like I see people play all the time...and we'll see if after I go 1/15/0 you manage to push a lane to their nexus.
0	the public subconsciously feels that the very fact that it got to the point of a raid indicates guilt on whoever was inside the house no matter the details.  not to mention the reasoning that "oh her father was a criminal that's why the police were there, if he didn't want his daughter shot, he shouldn't have broke the law.  I don't break the law like them so that will never happen to me or my kids."
1	A psychologist is just a man or woman who TALKS to people and tries to help their mental state.  Esports players dont NEED professional psychologists to help them, they just need what all human beings need- some kind of support.   Sure, a psychologist would be ideal for this role, as they are trained in the art- however, a full-time team psychologist would probably demand a higher salary than most of the players.  Given the size of the e-sports industry, I don't think this is a financially viable option for 90% of teams   So, we dont NEED psychologists, but they certainly help.  Only reason athletic sports teams have them is because.... they can afford them!   instead of having a psych actually on-staff, perhaps the teams can just pay for weekly/monthly appointments if they see the value.  idk about you, but for 100k a year I'd rather fly in a couple koreans for the roster instead of a team psych
1	This^. I go into picking phase hoping for the best, someone ORDERS me to ban Darius, even though I politely say I can deal with him in lane, opposite team picks Darius and this someone says "gg, I troll now". I only play with my friends now and if I go ranked i duoqueue with a friend i can rely on, hence a smaller chance of "rage", I usually end up support, not that I care when it's ranked, I just want to win.
1	This is correct. You're only where your skills limit you.   If "ELO Hell" really existed, then why are pro players able to take a smurf from no matches played to Diamond repeatedly? Even without Pro Players, I have a friend who is Diamond 1/Challenger who has done the same and he's not a pro player.   If you're stuck, you're doing something wrong. Period. What that is is for you to figure out, but for most it is:     You don't prioritize objectives over kills.     Your decision making is poor (You try to all in/trade at the wrong times or are not counting summoner's/Cooldowns blown so you know when you are free to fight without fear).     Your mechanical skill is poor (You miss a lot of your abilities. I find this to rarely be the case)     You waste time doing nothing. If you're standing around on the map without a real purpose (team fighting, CSing, pushing, trying to take an objective) you're doing it wrong. I encourage you to go watch replays of your game and look at how much time you spend on average a game doing effectively nothing to increase your gold or your team's gold/advantage.     You don't realize that  EVERY  lane/role has the ability to win the game.       To elaborate on the last one, every lane has a straight path that leads to the nexus. With proper ward coverage, you can easily push your lane repeatedly which puts pressure on the map to stop you, which allows other lanes to perform better because more resources are freed up putting pressure on you.   On top of that, most people don't realize their influence on the map that you can exert to snowball the game.     Top: Don't just sit up top and CS. Push to the tower, walk down the river and gank Mid, take the enemies jungle and buffs, or take a B and walk through the lane bottom and try to pick up a double kill.     Mid: Push lane, gank side lanes or counter jungle. Opponent isn't in lane? Take tower, then gank side lanes.     Jungle: Counter jungle, put pressure on lanes. Focus on 1 or 2 people to snowball because that's all it takes to win. Don't be afraid to camp lanes and play lame. Just don't fall behind. Take dragon when you're on the bottom half of the map and the jungler is ganking top, every time. You should have the advantage if your team is paying attention and listening to you.     Support: Don't just sit there. Harass their ADC and make him choose between CS or not taking damage. Ward entrances. Control your lane bushes. People who complain that they can't support or that support can't carry don't know how to play support or this game in general. SUPPORT IS THE PERSON WHO CARRIES THE BOTTOM LANE.     AD Carry: This is the hardest role to carry the game with. Ward up (yes, you can buy wards), get farmed, push lanes, shoot the closest thing to you. If you have good positioning and good decision making and assuming the enemy team isn't fed to shit, you'll be fine. Oh and while you're at it, don't be afraid to tell supports who aren't harassing with autos/abilities to actually do something rather than sit around.       Basically what I'm trying to say is:
1	Well this is my reasons for doing it.     If you do wolves before blue, right after blue you can either go into the enemy jungle to invade or if you're someone like Alistar, go for a gank mid. If I do it your way, I have to walk to wolves, kill and walk back after blue to do the above.     If you do the Wolves > Blue > Wraiths > Wolves > Red path ( alot of people do, really fast and efficient clear) that's gonna mess up if you do wolves after blue they ain't gonna be up after wraiths.
1	I stopped reading right here, because you're just absolutely wrong.   You should have kept going... i addressed some of the thing like manascrew + other later in my post.   There is consistency to be found in magic randomness, if you build your deck well enough you will have a high chance of having the card you want at the moment you want. Sure sometime you get screwed but if you actually took the time to balance the curve and got a good split of land, creatures and spell you will  most of he time  get what you want out of the deck. Thats the art of deck building in a nutshell, increasing your chance of consistency is the goal of any good builder. You need to make your 'worst case draw' stil somewhat winnable and you need to reduce your chance of getting that draw.   My point is that while magic is a random based game there is consistency behind it all.   Its a 1v1 with no outside factor,(tournament format)  you can get screwed from time to time but you average game goes without a problem,  The matchup are consistent,  The meta is somewhat consistent,  The card pool is quite consistent, a change every few month at the most.   > player like me wouldn't stand a chance in lane vs someone much more skilled like Scarra... yet LSV can lose to complete noobs playing magic, all it takes is a manascrew.   In lol a single crit can win you the lane, Critplank was dominating toplane with a 4% crit chance and he is the best example of that. It was removed but think about it, there are other 'screws' that can happen in lol to. If you played critplank vs scarra and got 1-2 crit in the first second of laning you just won most of your lanning phase. All you need is a few ganks from the jungler(or him camping for you) and youve just beaten a pro player at laning. A good phage proc when your jungle ganks can also turn it arround and allow you to win the lane.   For all that we know luck might give Scarra 900 elo teamates and you might get 2000+ elo on your side and they can carry you.   You say that luck has a very small part of lol but unless you are playing with the same team over and over again luck is what creates your games. Luck distributes the braindead teamates the same way it distributes the good ones. You are at the mercy of the matchmaking system   Consider getting bad teamate the same as getting manascrewed... You lack the ressources to win the game, Its praticaly the same.   >skill is the only determining factor to who wins or loses in a game of LOL   This is where you lose all credibility... just like in magic, skill does play a major factor in the game but its not everything. If you say that skill is the only fator then you clearly have no idea what you are talking about. Unless you are from a pro team or only play ranked 5v5 then luck is probbaly more of a factor then skill when faced with opponent of similar skill level.   >Phage procs, Yi's Q, Crit chances don't decide the outcome of a game   They can actually. A phage proc leading into a kill can snowball a lane for which will then carry. A few good bounce on Brand ult can turn a teamfight arround. A darkwind from fiddle who bounces between th ap carry and  * can silence him until he dies preventing him from doing anything in a teamfight and then winning because of it.
0	Ms Z(changed) at Poinciana HS in Florida. She was my Anatomy teacher. I was new to the school, having moved from NYC and was immediately targeted by this a prick in that class. He made me feel like an outcast. I told Ms Z, but was told to bear with it. WTF? At one point he convinced everyone that I was gonna bring a gun to school, which got me under the school councilor's eye.   One day I flipped him off when he told the classmates I was a useless team mate. He got physical and I shoved him back, just in time for Ms Z to turn and only see me doing the pushing. She tells me after class that she believes his claims about me, because she's known him longer, and that I'm a thug from NYC. I cut the next class and called my father to tell him everything. The same day, he left work to confront her. In 15 minutes he got her intimidated and pissed, which he then used as an example for her to know what I was dealing with when she should have just helped when I asked. She apologized the next day.   About a month later, she brought in a baby animal she had found. Everyone in the class decided it was squirrel, to which I objected. It had a long snout. Squirrels don't have long snouts. I told them this. No one fucking knew what a snout was. They called me a smart ass. Ms Z told me to accept the consensus. She then left it on a table with no box to hold it. It fell off the table 4 times. And she let it happen even when I warned her each time. She force fed it squirrel formula. It died a day later. One week later, we learn it was a fucking raccoon. I'm called a snob for being right. To this day my blood boils when I think about it. That bitch let ignorance rule, and a baby raccoon died for it. If I every saw again, even if she didn't remember me, I would tell her, "A baby died because of you."
1	It depends heavily on what you like to play, mid lane is very diverse in what you can pick in terms of what you want your role to do. For instance, they range from safe farm heavy mids, to assassins who will roam and try to create pressure on the map (not saying farm type mids cant do this, just more prevalent that an assassin will). If you are looking for assassins try:     Zed- Arguably one of the strongest assassins at the moment, good mobility, burst, and with surprising sustained damage.     Talon- I unfortunately haven't played with his nerf just yet, but i feel like he is still a strong assassin as he is one of the best assassins to roam and gank with     Ahri- Probably not the best assassin, but she is a personal favorite being able to assassinate very well with high mobility and burst, but also not falling into the trap of being a heavy AD mid like most other assassins.       Next if you want to try and play a more passive and team fight mid, here are 3 reccomendations:     Orianna- The most balanced mid laner in the game. Provides a game changing ult with a good set of utility with her sheild and w speed up w/ slow. She is fairly mechanicly complex but if you play enough games, i guarantee you will get her down.     Syndra- I wanted to put her down as an assassin, while she does provide a heavy amount of burst potential, she is a very potent safe laner who's stun in the late game can really change fights. She is a sudo-assassin that is also amazing at wave clear and farming throughtout all stages of the game.     Xerath- Super safe, alot of damage, good burst, long range, this guy is amazing. Takes a little getting used to, but love him aswell.       Now i have given a list of good mid lane picks to start with, but i reccomend wholy to try out any mid pick you want, thats the beautiful thing about this lane. Just about anything is viable in it, some are worse than others, but it is definitely a role that is very diverse in its picks. There are some good picks i did not put in the lists (Yasuo, Ziggs, LeBlanc, Fizz, and Azir if your feeling brave.) The lane is infinite in its picks, and i hope the best for your journey into mid lane. Good luck on the Fields of Justice Summoner! (<- or did they change the lore that much already this is no longer relevant? idek)
0	So, this one night a few years ago, me and some friends decided to drive to New York City from RI (about a 4hr drive) because we were bored at like 10pm. Something happens, and me and my girlfriend get into a fight. The neighbors call the cops, who show up, see that nothing major is happening, and leave. By this time, it's like 11pm, we decide to still go to NYC.   We get there at like 3am on a Saturday night. Walk around an empty times square, and stop at some pizza joint for some pizza. We eat about half our pizza, and leave. On the way out, we see a homeless guy, and give him this half a pizza. He praises us about how generous we are, and how we have pure souls, and that no matter what else we do in life, we're getting into heaven. I've been using that as a "get out of jail free" card for like 7 years now. That no matter what, a homeless guy said I was good enough to get into heaven no matter what.
1	I disagree with your point about Mercurial Scimitar, standard marksman build is boots, shiv/pd, bt/bork, whisper, inf edge + defensive, defensive being Banshee's Veil, Guardian Angel or Mercurial Scimitar rarely. Banshee's Veil isn't really too great against Zed unless you can't get someone on your team to pop it, I'll give you that (although the extra health does help) but I'd definitely argue that seeing more Merc Scimitar than GA on marksmen is better for Zed. If you run a build with crit chance then you can assassinate someone without necessarily needing the Death Mark to pop so their cleanse is useless and they're generally less resistant to you if they go Merc over GA since they have no bonus armour.   Basically, it's easier for you to chunk/kill someone who has Merc than it is to chunk/kill someone who has GA if you don't count the second activation of Death Mark and it goes without saying that it's also easier for your team to kill someone with Merc than someone with GA if they've used their cleanse on your Death Mark.
0	Similar story, although it was a feeling about some thing  rather than someone. A friend called me to go out to the bar with some friends. I had nothing going on, so I went. After pre-gaming for a bit, I'm sitting in the car waiting to leave. Suddenly my gut quite literally tells me (I shit you not, I heard these very words in my mind) "this is your last chance to get out of this, go back home and have a quiet night." I had plenty of quiet nights prior, and I actually had some plans fall through, so I told my gut to stuff it; I was going out to have some fun. I ended up getting sucker punched, put in the hospital, and my life hasn't quite been the same.
0	Let me try to thread the needle on this one.   It's all your fault. And theirs too.   All anyone can know of you at first is what you put out. What you portray to the world. If you feel this kind of the self-pity and doubt it will portray itself, subconsciously or otherwise. Who will take the time to get know ( or  know , biblically speaking ) the person that already "knows" that they aren't what people want? Even assuming that everything else about you is awesome, it is too much of stretch to expect someone else to read your mind when what everyone is most concerned with is themselves.   So you need to get your head out of your ass, focus on your interests and just be you. Really. People will present themselves, pay attention. They won't say " Please ravish me big boy" (probably not at any rate). But if you do what interests you and are comfortable in your own skin, you will generally find others that are willing to get to know you. Finding the one, is a whole 'nother story. But having some romance in your life is in your grasp, whatever your circumstances.   As for them? Well, they date dicks because they want to. There is something that they are responding to: either money, or danger, or testosterone, or drama or something. And when they find it, or it finds them, they aren't discerning enough to look under the surface before its too late. I have never, NEVER known a woman (or a man) that repeatedly ended up in relationships with the wrong sort that wasn't culpable in some way.   That being said, your situation is still your fault. Fix it.   There are tons of women who generally have positive relationships. Noone bats a thousand in matters of the heart, but generally lots of people have mostly good relationships, at least until they end (to quote Cocktail, all relationships end badly or why would they end?). If you don't know any women like that, you need to make different friends.   Sorry to get all long-winded, but everyone time I see someone in your position on Reddit, I cringe to see either the "women are evil" posse or the "real men get laid and beta males should shut up" coven get on their rants and go to town.   Both sides have their nuggets of truth, and both have their distortions. The truth, IMHO, lies somewhere inbetween.
0	NO YOU SEE I NEED A T-BONE AND A GLASS OF WINE WITH EVERY DINNER.   Really I can shop very healthily, cooking most meals, getting more than my share of fruits/veggies and still spend less than 50$ a week, easily.   Mr Fry, sir, red meat is not a required part of a balanced meal, nor is seafood. Beans, nuts, chicken, eggs, and dairy products will all fill that role much more cheaply. As far as veggies go, stay away from pre-packaged shit. Don't buy a salad in a bag. Make your own goddamn salad! It takes like two minutes! Same goes with carrots, peas, fruits whatever, if they have it available in a non-packaged form, it will almost always be cheaper. Taking it a step further, eat fruits and veggies that are in season (and cheaper).
1	I posted this in the other thread and I thought this should be here too   Hey everyone Wolf here the emcee for the TLC winter finals. First off I'd like to apologize to anyone and everyone who has been affected and offended by the video.   Also I would like to add that this entire thing has been taken out of context in a majorly wrong way. The events prior to this happening was a mess of technical difficulties and then some audience members shouting that the equipment and the internet was shit   Hence I decided to take a stab at the audience using their own words with my co host backing me up by berating me and defending the audience.   On hindsight it definitely did not work out as I intended and I have made up for my actions by addressing the crowd later on.   I do hope that the reddit community will forgive me for my actions. I make no excuse in using such a derogatory term to address the audience. I sincerely apologize to all the viewers and anyone at the event who may have been insulted or hurt by what I've said.   I strive to be an engaging host and commentator who loves video games as well as interacting with the audience.   Thank you for reading this wall of text, Wolf
1	I've reported people that have had less than 20 deaths before. One recent example is someone that went 0/7 before 10 minutes, and in the chat refused to play better.(he was overextending without warding and knew he was being camp, he admitted to it, and just kept dying on their tower) I had another instance where a player got mad at something someone said and afk'd in lane giving 2 kills.
1	Can't understand half his words with that microphone, what is the
1	IMO Husky should just completely switch to LoL and actually start shoutcasting it, because this would be awesome.   He was the reason I bought SC2 and HOTS.   This could be coupled with him learning the game, I bet a lot of people would actually watch him duo Q with Riv or Phreak or anyone like that, and them also teaching him what to look at and be aware of when casting, they could maybe spectate a game together and teach him how to know what's gonna happen next.   So a) his knowledge of the game would get better resulting in him becoming better at the game   and b) him learning how to shoutcast LoL games, because I think he is one of the best if not the best shoutcaster in all of E-Sports, just because of his enthusiastic and overhelming personality while streaming   All in all, he would fit the casters quite well I think
0	OK here's what is happening.   The scale measures the downward force of gravity acting on it and everything on it. When you put something on it gently, it works fine.  If you drop the item hard or push it down quickly (or in my case your kid touches the damn scale) it goes nuts detecting extra downward force. It "sees" this as an extra item, extra weight.  After a moment, that extra force goes away and it notices the correct weight again.   I find it also gets mad at me if I pick up the item to double-bag it, or when I move the bag off the rack to open another.
1	It's easier to influence the game as a midlaner but a good Jungler will have much more impact on the game if he plays right. Mid lanes all abaut map awareness and jungle is all abaut objective control. as Jungler, you control which objectives your team is going after. If your seen Bot lane defending a split pusher the enemy team has a tower in bag. If your position is unseen the enemy team can't realy play agressive
0	To keep it short, I met this particular ex, we'll call her Sam, through a mutual friend. Our mutual friend, "Marty", worked at the restaurant she waitressed for. One night, while I was visiting the establishment with my friend, Nathan, the table we were next to created an obnoxious drunken mess as they left. Napkins and silverware everywhere. As Sam started to clean up the mess, Nathan socked me in the arm and stated that I should help her clean it up. So I did, thinking nothing of it. Cut to a few days later, I had a friend request on Facebook from Sam. She had found me through Marty and Nathan. Anyway, after many dates and more than a few long conversations, she admitted that her initial attraction to me was based on the fact that I had "willingly" helped her clean up the mess on that table next to us.
1	I mean, the biggest issue is while his passive makes no sense on a support, he is still a competitive pick and seen as generally a good support in many situations. A useful passive could easily push taric into the OP territory. Its a bit of flawed game design to have a passive like that on a support. However anything else may make him too strong.
0	I also think our natives (around where I live example) abuse their power a great deal. Example.   There was this small town that had been in the same families since the certificate was issued - maybe 300 years. Enter shell, who are after the oil under it. Canadian government says welp, fuck you to the descendants, demolishes it and sells the oil rights. They got half a million for 6 acres of black dirt and 150 year old buildings including the house.   Months later, there's a small first nations reserve of hunting land thats been there for 200 years an is NOT a traditional land, just what they were given by ol' JAM. Government says maybe to oil tycoon B, and every native reserve for 100 miles (seriously) FLIPS DICK. They hold pow wow and all that shit, call every newspaper in the nearby cities, etc. big ol' stink. Oil company loses, because god forbid we treat first nations like regular people and step all over them like alberta government does.
0	After posting a bunch of comments here, I decided to write this simple guide on DRC. Warning: Wall of text ahead.   What is dynamic range compression?     Dynamic range compression (DRC) is used to reduce the dynamic range of audio. This reduces the volume of louder sounds and increases the volume of quieter sounds to reduce the dynamic range. More info can be seen on the [Wikipedia page]( The different parameters for DRC are explained on [How-To Geek](   Why is DRC needed?     Most movie soundtracks are mixed for a large dynamic range in a big theater. Most home theaters have smaller speakers and are in smaller rooms, which results in a non-optimal acoustic setup. This can cause the dialogue of a movie to be difficult to hear and the explosions to shake your floor.   Software Support     XBMC     While you are playing a video, bring up the [OSD and select the audio menu](   In the audio menu, look for the setting ["Volume Amplification"]( - this adjusts how much the dynamic range of the audio is compressed     VLC     In VLC's menu bar, go to Tools > Effects and Filters, select the Audio Effects tab, then select [the Compressor tab](   Take a look at the comments from [this]( /r/LifeProTips post on what these values do, and how to change them   The How-To Geek link at the top of the page also has a good explanation of the different parameters for DRC     MPC-HC / MPC-BE   If you are using ReClock as your audio renderer (highly recommended):     When you are playing a video, go to the menu bar and select Play > Filters > ReClock Audio Renderer   Check the ["Enable sound compressor" box]( and select how strong you want the compressor to be   You may want to experiment with this option on movies with a high amount of dynamic range to find what works best for your setup     If you are using AC3Filter as your audio renderer:     Run the AC3Filter Config application (should've been installed with AC3Filter, located in Start menu)   Follow [this guide]( on the AC3Filter wiki to configure DRC     System-Wide (Windows 7 or higher)     Right click the volume icon in the system tray and select Playback Devices   Right click the device you use for audio output and select [Properties]( then go under Enhancements   Check the ["Loudness Equalization" box]( and make sure that the "Disable all enhancements" box isn't checked   You may want to edit the  Loudness Equalization Settings     Hardware Support     The Blu-ray spec supports three types of audio codecs: DTS (and its lossless counterpart, DTS-HD Master Audio), Dolby Digital (and its lossless counterpart, Dolby TrueHD), and LPCM (lossless, but uncompressed).   Most Blu-rays today use either DTS-HD MA (with a DTS core for backwards-compatibility) or Dolby TrueHD (with a Dolby Digital core for backwards-compatibility) because they can provide the lossless audio of LPCM while taking up much less space on a disc.   DTS recommends that studios disable any DRC when encoding a DTS/DTS-HD MA audio stream to preserve the full dynamic range of the audio. Also, DTS lacks any kind of metadata to store the DRC settings.   On the other hand, Dolby recommends that studios use DRC when encoding a Dolby TrueHD or Dolby Digital audio stream. However, this is stored as metadata (think of tags in an MP3 file). Some decoders in receivers/TVs/Blu-ray players always use this metadata, but there are some that ignore it or need it to be manually enabled.   If you have a surround sound setup, I would recommend first calibrating it properly. You might need to edit the levels for each of your speakers (see  here .   If you cannot do this or it doesn't help, check if your receiver or TV has a compressor option. Most newer receivers/TVs call this "Night Mode." Note that on some receivers, "Night Mode" only works for TrueHD/Dolby Digital audio streams with the DRC metadata.   If your system lacks a compressor or "Night Mode," and you cannot use the software solutions for whatever reasons, you may want to consider purchasing a new receiver or a dedicated compressor device.
0	Honestly, i have a case that is even more bullshit. There is a girl at my high school who moved from france after living there for 2 years. She left in 1st grade and came back in 4th. She has no accent and she speaks english perfectly. Yet all she talk about is how much she hates  the country and how we are all stupid. And she wonders why no one hangs out with her. If you ask her she says that we are not cultured enough to be friends with her.
0	I did this... but even though I had the willpower to uninstall it, turned out I didn't have the willpower not to redownload it... This repeated itself every two or three weeks, and I ended up spending as much time reinstalling it as I would've spent playing on it
1	I disagree , early game jungles ( Lee , Kha , Pant , Elise , etc.) , if you compare them to support junglers ( Maokai , Amumu ,Naut etc ) are actually I dare to say no risk high reward . If you have Lee agasint Amumu , you will mostly never be scared of ganking lanes , due to the fact that you will usually win 2vs2 engages , if you ever meet Amumu in his jungle with red buff on , you will with high chances secure yourself a kill , because hands down all you have to do is to slow him aa him to death flash when he flashes and hit Q .
1	I wouldn't wait a second to ask Zoro if I was CLG.  He has everything they need, synergy with the jungler(thats super important), mechanics, meta champions, and as far as I know he has a pretty good attitude.
1	Actually, they only throw out updates when they have real meaningful updates. Basically, if something big isn't fully completed and functional, they won't talk about it much. They learned from replays that even hinting that something might come in the future, and then having something come up to slow progress, means an onslaught of complaints and criticisms for years to come.   Anyone with half a brain knows they're working on a new client, otherwise they would've never updated the patcher or any other things. Have you noticed how they're slowly rolling out updates to the current client? New friends list, now new champ mastery that updates the champion page, etc? Almost as if they're preparing things piece by piece to make sure it all works, rather than releasing everything at once to a big clusterfuck of potential bugs and issues.   In other words, they're doing the smart thing, making sure each piece works well before they roll out the final part. Slowly upgrading and improving the current client so that when they have the new client ready to test, they can 100% focus on how that works, and not all the different pieces of it.   Also, I had to state my opening sentence because any time someone says "just reallocate people to bug fixing and client coding," it's obvious they have no clue how actual programming works. I'll explain it in pretty simple concepts. When it's done, it will be done, until then, it's not done. Riot won't release any news about a new client until they know for certain that it's 100% functional.
1	I might be in the minority here, but I think you're thinking about the game the wrong way. Yes, kills are fun to get. BUT, the point of the game is NOT to get kills; kills are a means to an end. The point is to destroy the enemy nexus.   I think that's why so few people like to play support - going 1/1/23 isn't glamorous, but it did help your team win the game. Almost nothing pisses me off more than when our team is winning and a player on my team decides to trade 1 for 1 with an enemy carry and says "worth it." Guess what - it's not worth it. You just fed the enemy carry gold and exp, and probably didn't get much for it.   There are situations where KSing is annoying, but for me, it doesn't have anything to do with the fun factor. If your team's AD carry is constantly getting KSed, he/she won't get fed and this will hurt late game.
0	Gonna be honest, went on their site- i have no idea what the hell you guys are talking about. A lot of their polos and tees are pretty nice and there's way more no logo ones than logo tees. I mean all they really have is that tiny moose where every other company puts their logo. Yeah its pretty expensive but i have some from hand me downs and they lasted a shit ton of years and their comfortable. I mean the hoodies, tees, polos, and basically everything are just normal clothes. I don't know why you guys feel like everything from the store is a walking billboard since i barely saw any huge logos on the merchandise online. Stop hating a company just for the sake of hating something, who gives a shit if the owner hates uglies or fatties, i mean reddit makes jokes about people like that all the time.
1	and you believe that moving to a playerbase with half subscribers and half not will solve it? RIIIGGHHTTT   edit: If you cant win with one of the 450 or 1350 champs, youre far from good. I only play an hour a day if that now. If you think runes and expensive champions are what wins games, please uninstall LoL right now. I can school a lot of Graves,Vaynes, and Kogs as Ashe. Your logic is faulty.   You will always be beat by players who can spend more time and money than you can. This goes without saying that almost everything in life works this same way. If somebody can invest more than you can in life, you will always be behind. Deal with it and stop acting like a whiney 12yo because you don't have 24hrs a day free time to "be a pro".   The better player spends more time and knows strategies you don't even for less "powerful" champions. They work with what they have in ways that you don't. Get over yourself and learn to play for the fun of it. Get a group of friends ( I can imagine that must be hard for you from your rage post) and play with them. You will really see how much individual skill counts towards winning.
1	That's not true. It is even mentioned in THIS video that he was considered top 3 (along with Dandy and Bengi at the time). And he really was. I don't know which jungler you thought was in the same league at the time...But I think now he is top2 with/after Dandy. Consistency is VERY important. KaKao (amongst others) carries KT A into OGN Finals - meanwhile Bengi is busy slumping somewhere (can't confirm that he is back in form until T1K plays a Top Tier Korean Team again) and his place is now home to Spirit. Whereas there have always been some hyped (not saying over-hyped) junglers who were considered top3 "for some time" like: InSec, Bengi etc, Dandy and KaKao are amongst those 3 fore pretty much 2 years now! That's damn impressive...   Also funny how KT B first got well known with InSec "the Jungler" and Ssumday top, but their most successful lineup was with InSec TOP and KaKao in the jungle. I guess in hindsight one might say "Because KaKao is just THAT good." (Well InSec was definitely not the biggest inspiration in top lane). And when KaKao swapped to KT A, KT B just spiraled downwards and the new and young KaKao-Gang is getting better from game to game. Haha I really whished I could say he was the number 1 lol but Dandy is just...yeah. I remember watching the OGN Quarter Finals and when KT A played I was like "Hell yes! KaKao is SO good!" But then White played and I was like "But...but KaKao :'(" haha. - But Top 2 sure...   just sayin' lol
1	I'm a hugeeeeee advocate of not adding surrender, at least not in it form in league or hon.  A game of dota is not over typically until one team can push a rax down, and even then you can come back. Typically in dota, team comps that are strong early, tail off later, and team comps that are weak early, become stronger later.   Surrenders also seem to promote giving up, once someone on your team has waved the white flag, your moral is definitely going to take a hit. Add in not wanting to surrender because you think the game salvagable, and players getting mad at you for this, and it doesn't create a great environment.   DotA follows a MUCH different meta-game then LoL. There isn't a 'snowball meta', and I've seen pro games where the team down 12-1 in kills is actually up on exp and gold (and went on to absolutely stomp the other team).
0	In High School I used to conceal vodka in water bottles, because it looked less conspicuous to carry around. So the morning after a party I had woke up and saw a water bottle and because I was hungover and thirsty I took a large gulp of the vodka water bottle.
1	That's a valid point but still, I think you and the rest of the analyst desk would bring more insight on the picks/bans and how the game would unfold with more accuracy and I would love to see that.   It would also make the win predictions a lot more interesting!
0	you're a fucking dick you do need to relax. it happened cant go back in time and change it now so don't get mad or what ever just relax and get it sorted/clean up. why would you bitch about it and get mad, maybe only if you told him previously to not drink on the new couch.
1	Let's start a witch hunt against triggs390 he's obviously being paid off by own3d.tv   The destiny thing is obviously not a witch hunt also with other streamers like dyrus, husky, and other prolific streamers confirming that this happens. It's a call to action to help stop this since the streamers themselves can't do anything since they don't have the money to take them to court. We need justice.
0	You know, usually I would agree with this remark (I've worked multiple jobs in the food service industry), but I thought a lot about this "controversy" today.   I've been a line cook, made pizzas, and worked in fast food.   I'm usually a positive person with contentment as my baseline state of existence. Most people in these jobs are negative in the most dramatic sense of the word. They hate EVERYTHING. Work isn't so bad if you don't complain about it every 5 minutes. These people apparently never got that memo.   And Christ were the majority of them dumb. I wouldn't usually hold that against a person, but they were so... brazen about it. Flippant in their intellectual vacuity. It started to grate on me over the years at those various establishments.   I always used to just feel drained form even working near those kinds of people. I hung out with the servers as much as I could to get away from the cook staff.   It took some perspective after I left my last job as a cook to really realize why I was so unhappy while I was a cook. I have no problem whatsoever with the labor. I can just put my head down, take care of business, and joke around with the people who are receptive to it.   My point: I wouldn't really mind staying an extra 45 minutes if I was surrounded by positive people. More money for me. But I always just wanted to get far away from those miserable pricks ASAP.
1	I'm okay with the maps we have. 4 maps with over 100 champions on each is enough variety.   And I can understand that riot won't add new maps and focuses on competitive events for the other map. For me the competition is worth much more than 10 Maps to choose from.   If I recall other games I played I always just used around 3 maps I liked.     Warcraft TFT: Lost Temple, Turtle Rock and Gnoll Wood.   SSBM; Final Destination, Battlefield and maybe Temple of Hyrule.
0	It's not being homosexual that Catholicism does not agree with, it is the act of non-procreational sex. Of course, if two people engage in homosexual intimacy, then it would be non-procreational, and only recreational. Of course, Catholicism does not agree with recreational sex at all, as this applies to heterosexual relationships. And then there's the point about sex outside of marriage - you guessed it, Catholicism doesn't agree with that either. But don't think Catholics believe that being homosexual is wrong - Catholicism isn't  THAT  backwards. I myself am an agnostic, but Catholic by upbringing - I decided to be baptised and confirmed myself when I was 10.
0	Reminds me of my roomate's 21st birthday! Here's what went down.   So everyone's there, including my close friend/girl I've been secretly in love with for several months. I hadn't told her because she'd been with this other guy for over a year.  Late in the night, after several drinks, all my friends are like, "Dude, go tell her how you feel!" and I'm like, "Why the hell didn't I think of that before?!" So I go into my room, where she and several of my friends are hanging out, and all friends walk out, leaving her and I alone. I sit down and tell her I've been in love with her for too long, and next thing I know, we are kissing like the world is ending in five minutes. We do the nasty, go downstairs to the party, and I shit you not- I Just Had Sex by The Lonely Island is playing. I promise, this is the truth. We laugh and high five, go to sleep a little later, wake up in the morning and do it again. She breaks up with her now-ex, and I am now dating the most beautiful, hilarious, intelligent, wonderful, cutest woman I have ever met, who is my best friend and the love of my life.
0	That doesn't apply when talking about audio (or RF) signals.   The zero the previous commenter mentioned, actually refers to the signal being at it's 0dB point...which means no attenuation, or largest possible amplitude. When you are talking about a signal in this context, it is understood that the signal in question is before any amplification takes place.   Some home theater receivers, usually the mid-to-higher tier models, use an actual logarithmic scale for the volume control, as opposed to the linear ones used on the lower tier models. A logarithmic scale more accurately tracks perceived volume than a linear one. It's all a matter of costs...it's cheaper to just use a linear, resistance based, potentiometer to control the volume, instead of the hardware/software needed to make a logarithmic volume control.   Have you ever used a receiver that had a volume scale of like 0-100 (linear) and you notice that as you turn the dial, the volume basically tracks the knob movement, until you hit certain values, where the volume will either seem not to move much, or jump to a volume higher than what it should have, based on the amount you turned the knob?   That's what happens when you try to make logarithmic values fit a linear scale. At some point in time, you have to deal with the points at which the curves begin to diverge too much from each other.   On logarithmic volume knobs, for every 3dB change made by the knob, there has been either a doubling (+3dB) or halving (-3dB) of the amplitude level of the signal. If you make a 6dB change you have quadrupled the signal or reduced it to 1/4 of its previous value.
0	well, I will if you really want me to, but I have no beef with you. I do believe in God, but I am married to an atheist (we've been together 10 years), I really don't agree with recreational drug use (or people who get crazy drunk for the hell of it on a frequent basis, as everyone is entitled to a few, my life sucks ass and I want to forget moments). And while I love animals and have 2 kitties I don't expect other people to love them as I do. I also can't stand Obama. So we can break into fistie cuffs, but I would rather just get along, lol.
1	If what yu're stating is true, you should play better than your opponents.... why are you still falling then? Possible reasons could be:     negativity. easily fixeable. Do not write a single thing in chat, besides your prefered role. everything else can be communicated through pings. If your team accuses you of something or flame, just ignore them. Do not say a thing.     Blaming your teammates for your losses. May not be a problem right now, but it will hinder your further improvement. I have had that problem in the past and by now i have changed from a "i have to win/climb" attitude to " i have to play well, i dont care if i win". That makes you focus more on your own play and you wont go on tilt because your teammates make a few mistakes.     Do not give up early. Let's be honest, we all suck. We all throw sometimes, but so do our enemies.... The opponents have a fed vayne? Every pro would hvae surrendered this game? Wait, what? She just tried to 1v5? They tried to fight 4v5 afterwards? gg wp we win. Everything is possible in silver.
0	My GF had that habit is well. I talked it out with her at one point and it came down to this:   When you are fighting the mooks you look busier. So while it may be something you don't need to pay as much attention to or would happily pause, your controller or keyboard is being clicked and you are staring at the screen. You just look busier.   Then as the game transitions to the cut scene there is that lull where you are not doing anything (and personally this is when I would go to scratch an itch or light a smoke or just not look at the screen). So my GF would start talking, of course as soon as her first sentence is over the game has loaded and now there is Something Important ^^TM  going on.   So we talked, I told her about the calm before the storm and that the less interaction I am putting into the game the more exposition it is probably throwing at me. So now she talks during mook fights and looks for subtitles so she knows she isn't going to be fighting for my attention.   Problem solved, I don't miss cut scenes and she feels better about starting conversations during the times she used to be worried about.
1	If you really want to climb the ladder pick the role you can play best instead of support. You may get AD Carries that aren't as good as you so playing support is kind of pointless then.   It's also the role with the least impact on the game and I would not choose a playmaker support like Alistar or Leona until 1500 elo because people may not follow your engage.
1	What I relaly hate about this is that it doesn't take into account trolls/afk etc games. I was getting 17-25lp a win in silver 2, now in silver 1 I get 3 lp. I have bounced between 20-30 points as I usually win 1 or 2 and lose 1.
0	I had sex for the first time with a girl I really liked a few weeks ago and halfway through we switch positions and she elbows my jaw so hard I fall out of bed, dazed.  I wasn't sure where I was for a few moments.   Of course, I man up and get back into things and she puts her legs around me in missionary and clenches tight and I let loose the most massive fart ever. The bed shakes with my intestinal release.   We both laugh uncontrollably for a few minutes and talk about perhaps that this is a sign we should just move on since things clearly are not going well.   She had six orgasms later that night, and we're still dating three weeks later. So far so good!
0	OH man! I've had similar happen. I worked graveyards at a local convenience store and covered for the new girl one night (yay overtime) but around 3 am, this lady came in and wandered around for around an hour, and bought like 3 bucks worth of stuff... she was acting strange it seemed, so I mentioned her to my manager. She went and checked out the recording from around that time, bitch walked out with at least $40 worth of merchandise! She looked back over more camera footage from grave yard shift for the past month or so, and the lady did it at least once a week! But only the one time on my shift... at least I didn't get held up!!
0	Engineering Student here.   I agree almost 100%. A majority of my peers are terrible writers and seem not to care in the slightest. It's troubling to me that they don't understand the importance of being able to write well and that their lack of this skill could, and probably will, negatively impact their futures. With the role technology is developing in our social and work life its important to remember that while excelling in face-to-face discourse may be a valuable skill, it is becoming less and less the mode through which business is conducted in the modern day. The modern engineer is spending less and less time in the field and needs to have quality writing skills to be able to convey information and instructions to those actually doing the work in the field. These peers of mine are not going to be people I want to work with in my professional career!
1	That's not only dumb but would destroy TSM's fan base. TheOddOne is part of the original TSM line up and has been a core essentail part of the team. Nyjackys just trolling and probably laughing at this thread because of viewers like you who actually post this.   OddOne's playstyle is go in balls deep and follow Regi while WT and Xpecial clean up. When that man gets Karthus expect the KDA to be low but the kill count to soar.
0	This is just plain wrong.   On communicating with third parties:   "(b) COMMUNICATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.  Except as provided in section 804, without the prior consent of the consumer given directly to the debt collector, or the express permission of a court of competent jurisdiction, or as reasonably necessary to effectuate a postjudgment judicial remedy, a debt collector may not communicate, in connection with the collection of any debt, with any person other than a consumer, his attorney, a consumer reporting agency if otherwise permitted by law, the creditor, the attorney of the creditor, or the attorney of the debt collector.   So unless you're skiptracing for location information, in which case you must    (1) identify himself, state that he is confirming or correcting location information concerning the consumer, and, only if  expressly requested , identify his employer;    Also   Does the FDCPA require disclosure of a callers identity to a non-debtor third party?   The U.S. District Court of Maryland recently ruled on this issue and the answer appears to be No.  See Lynn v. Monarch Recovery Management, Inc., 2013 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 41700 (N.D. Md. March 25, 2013).  The issue of whether a debt collector violates 15 U.S.C.  1692d(6) by failing to provide meaningful disclosure of its identity to a non-debtor was at issue in a suit brought by a non-debtor who alleged he was being harassed by calls from a debt collector seeking to recover debts incurred by either a prior resident or the non-debtors brother.   While the FDCPA requires that a debt collector provide meaningful disclosure of the callers identity, see 15 U.S.C.  1692d(6), it also prohibits a debt collector from communicating with any person other than the consumer in the collection of debt.  See 15 U.S.C.  1692c(b).  There is tension between these provisions as a debt collector confronted by a third-party gatekeeper . . . while attempting to contact the debtor, cannot both provide meaningful disclosure pursuant to  1692d(6) and comply with the requirements of  1692c(b) preventing the disclosure of a consumers personal affairs to third parties.  Lynn v. Monarch, 2013 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 41700 at *35, citing, Fashakin v. Nextel Communications, 2009 WL 790350 (E.D.N.Y. March 25, 2009).   To reconcile the apparent conflict between these two provision, the court granted summary judgment to the debt collector holding that Monarchs failure to meaningfully disclose its identity to a non-debtor plaintiff cannot subject it to liability under  1692d(6).  The ruling confirms that the FDCPAs meaningful disclosure requirement is limited to communications with a debtor.
1	I agree. It seems like the level of detail for the skin varies greatly from champion to champion.   The Mundo skin throws a trophy, which makes a different sound (visual + sound change)   The Shen skin (as you've mentioned) has a different sound for his AA, but not his Q.   The Ezreal skin has no change in terms of either visuals or sound. Personally I would love a red tint for ez's spells.   I haven't played the other 2 skins so I don't know what has/hasn't been changed.
1	IceFrog is the sole balancer of Dota 2, so unless they had him working on New Bloom and the map textures, his work schedule was not influenced by them at all.   6.84 has been huge though, I agree it is a bit late and a 6.83d could have been nice, but it wasn't as if heroes in the competitive scene were incredibly imbalanced.   >The same argument applies to dota as well. How often do you read patch notes on /dota2 and go "oh, it's just cosmetics, tickets, and bugfixes?"   Again, because of how different they do their patches. Valve doesn't even need to actually make cosmetics, they just need to test and approve them. What he's been saying is Riot has considerably more manpower and yet content is still comparable.   >Second, this exists   And it is an immortal/removed  because  of the backlash. That's why we don't have mummies dressed up as cakes.   >every time there's a sexy cosmetic for a female character added into dota 2 everyone says "we league of legends now" and act like every female champ league releases is that way   It's pretty much a meme and I don't know people actually take it seriously.   People might be playing Dota because they don't like how cartoony League looks and that is a legitimate concern to them.   >No one seems to care that Valve takes an absurd 75% cut in everything that is sold in their store, including tournament tickets where the TOs actually end up with no money from their sales because of the 25% that is theirs, most of it is given to the prize pool and the set creators for the ticket.   I agree, Valve could be more generous to content creators, but for most players, they only care if the heroes are monetized. I hate it when people bring it up for League, but Dota is a true free to play game. They are clearly making a lot of profit out of the game and I really don't mind because it means I can continue playing.   I'd love to see content creators/pros make more, but that's not very high up in the list of what I am concerned with.   >Riot might be currently charging for Chromas, but at least they released more then one special game mode in the past year, and none of them were absolute shit and horrifically pay-to-win on top of that.   I hate how the New Bloom was practically pay-to-win, but to some extent I don't give a fuck - it's a fun mode and winners get cosmetics. It doesn't affect MMR, it's like paying to get more cosmetics in a pure sense. I really hope new gamemodes don't follow New Bloom's path, but all I care about is normal Dota. I honestly wouldn't mind if they make fun gamemodes even less frequent because Dota in itself is extremely fun for me.   Sure URF and Snowdown weren't pay-to-win and pretty fun, but the game itself is pay-to-win/pay-to-gain-an-advantage. That's what I hate about. Despite all the pay-to-win crap Valve gave us, at least it doesn't affect normal games.   >no Valve support besides cosmetics and Valve throwing $1000000 at a couple tournaments in a year.   True, and I do criticize them when it is brought up, that they appear to not the attention the games/pro scene needs. Some might say it's apparent they've improved a lot in implementing Majors in both CS:GO and Dota in the future. Balance patches in CS:GO sometimes don't make sense. Maybe it's just a blessing how Dota has Icefrog. They clearly don't communicate enough and they could learn from Riot to some extent.   But if you ask me if I would rather have a game/game dev with functionality and little communication OR a game with a shitty client but a good PR department, I would definitely choose the former.   >When Valve fucked up the drop system so you could play 10 games and never see anyone get a drop, people got upset, but now that it is fixed it's never brought up. Meanwhile people are still shitting on Riot for stuff they did over 4 years ago.   >Despite all these things, public perception of Valve is still miles better then of Riot
0	Yeah I didn't get halo 4 because of this. I was insulted for thinking I'm better than everyone else and that kids buying halo 4 dosn't mean they will be little dicks.   It's all hype and never actually happens.
0	One time I was in an elevator with my dog and my black neighbor in a black neighborhood (Hartford,CT) said "why is your dog staring at me? Is he racist?"   I have to admit, I was pissed and shocked. First of all, you're my neighbor my dog sees dozens of black people every day.   Next, how is a dog actually racist?   My blood still boils that a woman called Moxie racist.
1	You described in your thread how it can be exploited.   Imagine, by any chance, you have 2 players A and B in your friendlist who are playing vs each other then you could spectate A to help B.   This is more likely to happen in higher elo but can also happen in lower elo.   Imagine a streamer playing and you see he plays vs a friend you like to troll. Then you can spectate him and tell the streamer where the jungler ganks etc.   It is also very likely that 3rd party programs will find a way to exploit it so that everyone can be spectated in real time.
0	I'm actually having a hard time finding this fake quote. Anyone got a link or
0	I think people new to seriously study history and look at exactly why slavery is the core issue here. Either that, or simply read the quote from the Confederate vice president literally saying the issue of slavery is the cornerstone of the new government.
0	I was 14. It was winter time and a few kids from school were hanging out one night. A cute girl and I broke off from the rest, and we ended up laying down on the snow.   I don't know how it ended up with her resting her head on my ass, but it did. I silently farted, and in my effort to not have her smell what just happened, I suggested we get up and rejoin the group. I always thought she knew what had happened, and nothing ever developed between the girl and I.
1	We learned a lot from doing the 2014 World Final in Seoul's World Cup stadium. In particular, while it was a landmark event for LoL esports because so many people were there, we think that indoor stadiums are more conducive to promoting energy and excitement of crowds far better than outdoor stadiums. On top of that, it's a lot easier for us to capture crowd energy on stream when it's indoors for the home audience.   For Dock Pullman specifically, we'll have around ~1500 fans each day, but all of group stages will be there, so that'll be two weeks of games (8 days).
1	Because Riot doesn't have to answer to any promises they've made. I think it's rather smart, as a company who is slow on all forms of development, to not make promises as the Compendium does. I feel like if they TOLD people explicitly who/what/when/where/why, they would deliver.   For example, they only say what the next champion is, not when they'll be released. They only say there is a replay system in the works, and try to give a really far off guesstimate (probably in hopes we'd forget.)   Not trying to excuse Riot's downfalls, just pointing out that not every company has to work the same in order to have community acceptance.   Plus, Valve is a much older company than Riot. We're approaching Riot's sixth year(?) as a video game producer. It's hard to get mad at a company which, despite all its money, is yet to find it's footing. I'm pretty sure Riot is moving its HQ into a much bigger, better complex within the next two years or so, probably to expand its departments to improve its efficiency.
1	the guy who does the
1	I think that the system had you queued up to experience these punishments in a row, but it's dumb as hell that they don't tell you that until after it's been awhile so it becomes an annoying surprise.
1	Ill never be in perfect physical shape but I go to the gym 6 days a week, Ill never be the pinnacle of perfection as a football player.. but I still go to practice. I agree perfect balance is unachievable especially w new champs, and items every few months. But it doesnt mean stop aiming for it, it also doesnt mean let certain champs spin out of control and dominate league until a more op champ is released.  Consider these winrates though. Are you looking at all leagues? Just LCS? U can afk a lane in bronze and win it.. Win rates become sku'd (severly imo) under challenger.. (No im not challenger, but I do like to read alot, and many players who work their way up to challenger have said that there is still alot to be learned all the way through Diamond II) -Fiora is easy to play in low brackets that will boost her win rate -low knowledge players not know how to itemize against her -low knowledge players grouping up for said ulti and giving her the kill She is a freelow champ that you can play placement-gold I until u get to players who know how to play against her in lane, and as a whole unit. Which is why you dont see her in LCS. Winrates are sku'd honestly.   Lucian is an ADC and though he might have been strong as an ADC, that position is much harder to play, than fiora spam dash, press R... her KIT is easy, but she isnt an auto win if you know how to play against her. Lucians win rates would have been higher if ADC was as easy to play well as a melee top.   Same with Amumu.. do you think an Amumu would catch an entire team in ulti almost every time (as I see daily) in the LCS?..
1	For last hitting you can take two approaches:     Choose the champs you play the most and go into a custom game and just last hit for 10 minutes (game time).  This will kind of adjust your muscle memory.     Pick a terrible auto attack champ (Karthus or Anivia) and practice auto attacking.  This give you worst case scenario and is more of a general help.       The other two points you bring up (skill shots and decision making) are a bit arbitrary.  You have to remember that most pros (source was from scarra) have played a LOT of games (thousands).  It's experience that helps them with their decision making.  Think of how many long drawn out games clg.Eu has played.  They probably have the most tournament experience with 50+ minute games and that gives them the edge if the situation arises again.   Skill shots are similar to last hitting but are even more muscle memory intensive in a way.  There's figuring out what a player will do based on movement (think body language), remembering the speed of your skill shot (ex: Janna tornado vs Lee Sin Q) and your own reaction time.
1	One play style means you do not adjust when the other team does something, which leads to you using an ineffective strategy and thus feeding.  On the other hand, this play style will work some of the time and help lead you to victory.  It is all about adjusting your playstyle for consistency in winning.  Of course, this only applies to one person; if the whole team doesn't adjust, then it doesn't matter if you feed or carry really well.
1	Assassin Junglers are more rewarding but take more skill and coordination to pull off in order to not become useless midgame. I main assassin junglers because of this,but it may also because I play solo Q a lot. People will discover the assassin jungle meta in season 3 perhaps.   In my opinion the role of the assassin jungler (depending on it's character) is basically an anti-jungler role, you abuse the living daylight out of your assassin's 1v1 capabilities and coordinate jungle ganks with your team aswell as obviously, lane ganks.   I usually play khazix, rengar, lee sin, and sometimes nocturne because I know I can get in and get out with these characters. Your gameplay is to basically shutdown the enemy jungler, by pushing him out of his own jungle and possibly killing him you already gave your team an advantage, ontop of that you should be getting double the farm and having more lane presence between lanes depending on sides, it also prevents lane ganks by roamers and controls dragon way more than the current meta.   The only problem with this is it always does not work in Solo Q and usually works more in ranked 5's(which your support has a hand in this)
1	The main problem I think for CLG that has existed for a  really long time now, is they rely on their bot lane a lot. I've never seen a single game where they gained momentum in their mid lane or top lane to push and win the game. I think link is starting to play like shiphtur 2.0, he doesn't have an impact on the game when they are losing. He never snowballs leads in his lanes. Same with Seraph, he never gets leads or carries team ( you can still carry on a tank/support top by being ahead in items etc). I just don't see top and mid lane impacting the game as much as they should be, compared to other teams. I think the onus is on Link and Seraph to make an impact, get ahead and to create pressure. Link should try to play champions like syndra, zed, ahri and try to make picks and snowball games. I also see the CLG strats being very poor and bland. Curse pulls out a splitpush comp for their first game in a series. As far as I can remember CLG has never run a splitpush comp because they are really scared. they try to copy everything from korea, but the fact of the matter is. They are not ready to play at that level. They are trying to play super team fighting comps where whole team is built around getting doublelift to carry. Curse just abused this fact. They kill doublelift and the team fight is over. on the otherhand every member of curse is a threat that clg had to worry about. But for curse they just had to worry about doublelift, rest of the team is non existent.   I am a CLG and CRS fan. I change flair to support curse through playoffs. :)
1	Regi is a scrub and probably a horrible boss. However, he is the boss, and when they lose games it effects him more than the other players, due to TSM being his company.   All these people hating on Regi, for him not being a super nice guy to his employees, are most likely people who has never had a proper job and/or people who dont function too well in a work environment.   I am the headchef at a restaurant, whenever i get a new order, i tell people what to do, and when people dont do as I tell them to, something bad usually happens like guests wait longer for their food than they should. Not only is the food delayed, but it also messes with my head, cause during service i have to keep track of many things, so if one guy dont do as told, i have to make new plans and such. I feel like I can relate to Reginalds anger cause its the same situation just in a different environment.   For these reasons I fully understand why Reginald gets angry when people dont follow his calls.   English is not my main language, but I really had to try and get my point through as Ive had it with all these kids bashing on Reginald for taking care of his business.
1	No ranked mode coming.   MWAB's Post:   >Hey dudes,   >Let's chat.   >First off, I want to reiterate what Ghostcrawler said. We won't be removing Dominion nor the Alternate Maps team. We've accomplished a lot this last year with both Dom and TT - They're both in a much better state of balance and overall health than they ever have been.   >Secondly, I'll be frank. Dominion does not have the player base to support a ranked queue right now. It's not a matter of diluting the primary game mode or needing extra dev support, the population just isn't large enough to sustain a healthy queue. How do we know this? Well, we've actually done quite a bit of research on how many players are needed for a healthy queue. When it's not met, we see stuff like increased toxicity, higher turnover, decrease in queue size and a generally degraded play experience. Splitting the already small community into two queues would create a poor experience for both sides. Waiting 30 minutes to play with people with a 500 elo disparity is no fun for anyone.   >
0	You're implying op has more than a snowballs's chance in hell of getting caught. Maybe his co-worker is hot but annoying.
0	I'm sure the guy was being a dick and deserved it in this situation. However, it does remind me of a time when I was in heavy traffic on the highway.   My car started overheating (turns out my water pump was busted), and I was in the far left lane. My only hope of getting my car off the highway (and thus, preventing an even bigger backup) was by cutting off 3 people to make the immediate exit. I tried rolling down my window and talking to the lady next to me, but she kept ignoring me, thinking I was just being an asshole. Eventually, I was able to barely make it off the highway, no thanks to the lady who I'm sure thought I was just the biggest dick of all time.   Once I got off the highway, I was able to coast freely along some backroads, get some cool air flowing through the car, and eventually made it to the car shop without having to pay for a tow!
1	Seeing the Official Patch Notes makes me wait for the
0	No it's not...the growing pains of societal assimilation is a bitch. Not ethical. Booze makes things less awkward when you can't work, have no education and don't know why the English are doing things such as work and school. Lets just say, if whites were forced to become native through a forced transition...they would most likely only have booze to abuse and pass on as a prominent behaviour.
1	In short, the real reason is probably due to Hotshotgg's champion pool and their subsequent strategies due to the fact he only plays tanky top laners. They play protect the Doublelift every single game, and with S3 changes and with the fact that Doublelift is no longer God Tier above all the other ADCs (not sure if he's slumping or others just caught up) so it simply doesn't work anymore. Everyone knows that all you have to do is shut down Doublelift and you win. It's obviously easier said then done since CLG have amazing experience, but if you shut down the megathreat that is Doublelift, all they have to worry about left is Link who can't seem to carry the team.
1	Also, as a support there isn't much you can personally do as an individual to stop an Olaf other than trying to grab his attention and direct him towards you as a freebie to pick up, allowing time for your team to take a 4v4 against theirs without their major anti-carry involved. If they don't even want to fight, it still gives them room to try to recover and defend under a turret with his ult down.
0	I'm going to go ahead and admit what you probably already assumed: I am not an expert on food addiction. I'm sorry that you struggle with that issue, and I hope that you are happy, or if not that you can find a way to be happy regardless of what sounds like a difficult problem.   What follows is unsolicited advice, so please stop reading if you aren't interested. I know you've probably heard everything I'm about to say before, and I know you probably don't care what some stranger on the internet has to say. And maybe you don't care to change you life at all, that's cool too. Just in case you haven't heard these thoughts and are interested, I figured I'd write them out. Mostly for my own benefit, I guess. For the TiTP kind of crowd, I guess I'll throw a [TW: calorie counting, exercise advice, unsolicited advice, fat shaming, whatever else]   If you have the means to see a therapist and don't already, it's worth looking into. If you've never seen a cognitive behavioral therapist and have the means to see one, it is worth mentioning that some people see incredible success with this method. Talk therapy can be very helpful as well. This isn't meant to be condescending. I see a therapist regularly, even when I don't feel the need. Just to clear the old noggin.   Tracking your calories sounds really lame. It's boring and tedious, and it take a long time to see any effects. The thing is, it works. Guaranteed. If you buy a food scale, which are about $20, it's pretty easy to be super accurate. The wonderful thing about calorie counting is that if you are accurate in your reporting and you hit your caloric goals, you can eat pretty much whatever you want. The key is to find out you TDEE which you can do [here]( If you eat around 200-300 calories less than your TDEE a day then you will lose weight at a healthy rate. Even if those calories are made up of shitting things. It's better if you do it with healthy food, but you can still do it eating junk food. The difference is that with junk food you will hit your calorie limit much sooner. The other great thing about a healthy diet is that you can give yourself a cheat day or meal and still see results. If you can make it a week eating healthy, then it isn't a problem to eat all the unhealthy crap you want once a week. I maintain a healthy weight by counting calories and exercising, but once a week I go to town and eat an entire pizza and a pint of ice cream, or a burger and fries and a pint of ice cream. I make a day of it and eat greasy foods for breakfast and lunch too, because I feel like letting myself go entirely for one day helps keep me on track for the rest of the week.   The other thing, which obviously you have heard before, is that if you exercise heavily then you can eat a lot and still lose weight. If you are exercising heavily, you can eat a lot of carbs and it isn't a problem. For a lot of people an injury or condition like asthma prevents them from being to active. That's a rough deal. For most injuries, you can work around them in some way though. I would recommend weight lifting to pretty much everyone. The benefit of weight lifting over a lot of cardio is that weight lifting causes you to burn calories even when you aren't at the gym. Your body burns calories while you are resting to build the muscles that you used to lift. There are all kinds of ways to get into lifting, and tons of great subreddits and youtube channels that can help get you started.   The other pseudo-science thing I want to say, which please feel free to ignore, is that it seems like maybe you could try to re-locate your reward response to a slightly healthier food. For instance, fries are pretty bad for you. Sweet potato fries are much less bad for you, but have similar properties. I love to reward myself for a good week of exercise with a big pile of sweet potato fries.   It's obviously not the same, but I have a pretty unhealthy relationship with ice cream, if you didn't notice when I was talking about my cheat days. I've eaten at least a pint in one sitting every week for about nine years now. Oftentimes I ate more. That probably doesn't sound to horrible, but I get pretty compulsive about it. I can't skip a week, I can't wait an extra two days, I can't change which brand or flavor. If I try I feel really upset and fixate on until I can find the flavor I like. I've spent hours looking for the right kind of ice cream, going from shop to shop. I'm less crazy about it now because when I'm craving ice cream I say, "no, I get to have ice cream on Sunday. If I have it now then I haven't earned it." It helps me, it might not help anyone else.
1	Ok so deadline is 2 mins away, your nexus is exposed. To comeback is possible, however its going to take longer than 2 minutes. To ff = Alex has now got a chance to get into a game and play the final one.
1	Fuck yes. Buckle up bitches because here comes a rant about the Jungle Cunt from yours truly. So Let's start with my main issues with Nidalee 1- You can't catch and/or kill the bitch. It does not matter what you do, if you do not lock her down or literally 1 shot her, she will get away and I can fucking promise you that much. 2- Her damage can only be described by the word "disgusting" It is not balanced in any meaning of the word and we will go further into this shortly. 3- This bitch is ungankable. I thought I hated her when I played top lane. No. Fuck that, if there is a Jungle Cunt top lane, you might as well fucking forget that it exists because there is no way a kill is going down. "But Number1lion, what about if you have a Nidalee on your team?" Literally the exact same thing. Nidalee is useless when ganking for her, even if you do a perfect gank, you will not get her or yourself a kill. 0 CC = why the fuck are you helping top lane. 4- This bitch takes 0. Fucking. Skill. People like to bitch about a lot of champions, they like to say that Ryze is easy, that Blitzcrank takes little skill. Let me introduce your bitch ass to Nidalee- the champ that actually takes negative skill. This champ will make a bronze 5 player look good. Why? Because Her kit is fucking stupid and meant to be easy to win with. Q- Fuck this shit. "We're going to give her a 1500 range skillshot nuke on a 3.6 second cooldown that does 450+ 120% AP at max range."-Riot Are you fucking kidding me? That is insane. "But Number1lion, it's a small skillshot and it is hard to hit!" You know what? If this is how you defend Nidalee get the fuck out. The spell is on a 3.6 SECOND COOLDOWN. WHO THE FUCK CARES IF IT'S HARD TO HIT. IF YOU FIRE ABOUT 15 OF THEM PRIOR TOO/DURING A TEAMFIGHT IT DOES NOT MATTER IF IT IS HARD TO HIT. YOU ONLY NEED TO HIT 1 OUT OF 15 TO FUCKING SLAUGHTER AN ADC/MAGE/SUPPORT/ANYONE BUT FUCKING GALIO. Honest to god I hate this spell in Human mode, I hate how people that main this champ defend it, and I fucking hate the damage it does. Q-Cougar mode- +75 Range, about a 3 second cooldown ( I don't care to do the math exactly), MAGIC DAMAGE, dual scaling, and a fucking execute. This does stupid fucking damage at level 1. I'll even explain how your level 1 trade with Nidabitch will play out. 1- She hits a Q in human mode. 2- She Transforms, and does about half of your health thanks to the 33% bonus from Hunt. It doesn't matter if this bitch is going AP or AD, thanks to the rework of the century she scales with both and it hurts like a bitch from both. People bitched about Darius' level 1 damage. LOOK AT THIS BITCH. JUST FUCKING LOOK AT HER DAMAGE. THIS MAKES OLD DARIUS LOOK LIKE A LITTLE GIRL. ( Not Annie) W- Oh this shit. No fuck this shit. It's not enough that she get's 10% MS when walking through a brush, no, she also needs an ENDLESS SUPPLY OF WARDS. This is on a 13 second CDR at lvl 1 and if going full CDR will be 5.4 seconds at level 5. I probably wouldn't mind this ability so much if it didn't do fucking insane damage. This shit does 100+18%(+2% per 100 AP) of your CURRENT HEALTH if you step on this. This is not some little wooden trap. THIS SHIT IS A NUCLEAR BOMB IN TRAP FORM. This shit will make your champ need a fucking wheelchair if you step on this shit. Oh and then she get's vision of you for 4 seconds as if the damage wasn't enough. W-Cougar mode. Fuck. This. Spell. I hate this. This makes me angry to see. I hate it so fucking much. 375 range Jump on a 3 second CDR. She can jump over walls, she can jump from bush to bush, she can dodge shit, she can weave shit, she can't be ganked. A Nid that isn't silenced is basically playing League on God mode if she is not silenced/stunned/dead. I won't even get into the fact that it DOUBLES IN RANGE IF YOU ARE HUNTED. 7-fucking-50 range on a 3 second CDR. Good fucking luck getting away skippy. This bitch is going to send you straight to hell. E- 205+ 50% AP Heal. Oh, and as if giving a non-support champ an insane, point and click, 7.2 second CDR heal wasn't enough, it also gives 60% attackspeed for 7 seconds. Yeah, you read that right. 1800g worth of value on a 7.2 second CDR. This mean's that an ADC effectively has 1800g worth of stats for free as soon as this spell is maxed. Are you fucking kidding me? WW was nerfed because his W gave 40% to teammates. This shit is disgusting and makes trading her pointless. This is a commonly said thing when playing against Nid " Oh yeah I actually somehow managed to out trade her, even with her bullshit damag....and she is back to full health." Get ready to lose every fucking trade you make with her because this heal is absolute bullshit and make's the worst players look like a fucking lvl99 priest up in this bitch. E-Cougar. At first I didn't have an issue with this spell; 3 second CDR, 300 range, fairly balanced damage at all ranks, and a 45% scaling. But then I thought about it. This bitch has everything, poke, attackspeed, heal, wards, mobility, damage, AND THEN YOU GIVE HER WAVE CLEAR?! Imagine Vayne with a never ending trinket, a free heal, and a Sivir Q on her kit. This spell, while balanced as a whole imo, is bullshit because of what it does to her as a champ. Now she is not limited to staying in teamfights. She splitpushes faster than a goddamn Nasus. This spell effectively makes her the best at fucking anything she wants to do. Splitpush Nid? Fuck yeah go for it man, not like anyone will catch you thanks to your 10000 wards on the map or the insane movement speed. Mage/poke Nid? Dude go and poke the fuck out of anyone you want. Who cares if you miss 90% of your spears. Hit one and you win the teamfight. Brawler Nid? Your bullshit Cougar Q makes you a god of trading anyone with Hunt on them, so go eat a goddamn ADC up if you want too. R- W/e being able to choose melee or range is always stupid and makes every champ that has it counter fun to lane against. Literally every one who has it is not a fun matchup ever.
1	After reading my post and your post I have to say you are right and wrong at the same time. One of the fundemental flaws in League of Legends is that high-tier items are more efficient than their buildup (base) items, this causes the team that is ahead to secure their lead, preventing comebacks.   The term snowballing is just in a really weird place because in League of Legends it's really easy to secure a lead, so it's more of a head start which stays the same rather than growing out of control. Scaling in League of Legends is a lot more linear so once you have a lead you stay in the lead. In Dota 2, if you don't stop Anti-Mage before he gets his battlefury he is going to snowball out of control. You didn't stop him when he was small, and now he will scale faster than everyone else, getting further and further ahead.   I don't know if there are any graphs of gold/exp leads in League of Legends? You should compare them to Dota 2.
0	No, what I said was I was  unable  to read the sources because either the links don't work or I have to pay/subscribe to read the articles so I can't verify the article.  I'm not a big fan or freakanomics because their book used questionable statistics interpretations, but then again it didn't go into great detail either; mostly it slapped some statistics around and called in economics, which I studied so I didn't enjoy that and so I'm not willing to take their word for it.  Also, perhaps you should look up the definition of  paranoid .  As I pointed out many girls are paranoid as I probably am as well.   paranoia    [par-uh-noi-uh] Show IPA noun 1. Psychiatry . a mental disorder characterized by systematized delusions and the projection of personal conflicts, which are ascribed to the supposed hostility of others, sometimes progressing to disturbances of consciousness and aggressive acts believed to be performed in self-defense or as a mission.  2. baseless or excessive suspicion of the motives of others.   Seems to me the use of this word made it pretty obvious I didn't think there was some mass roofies conspiracy.  I know quite well that the article is most likely correct even if I won't believe it blindly because all studies have flaws and I like to make an educated opinion.  My mention of roofies was merely to demonstrate that women are hyper sensitive to the possibility of being raped or their friends being raped, but I see now it muddied the waters because they feel that way regardless or drugs are involved or their friend is just extremely drunk because diminished capacity is diminished capacity.   My criticisms were based on the article since I couldn't read the sources and are actually questions I'd have of any study since they would be hard things to control for, that isn't to say they didn't, just that I can't read them to see how possibly could.  The biggest to me would be the under-reporting; Many women if they were drinking won't report.   Here .   EDIT to add:
0	Actually I have to disagree. America is a long way from becoming a third world country, but not for the reasons most people think. The reason why claiming America is becoming a third world country is silly lies within the definition of a third world country.   Third World countries are countries whose views and political goals do not align with America and NATO nor with the Communist Bloc. They are generally small countries with out much political power, but it's not their lack of development that defines them as third world.   Second World countries are countries who belong to the communist bloc. These have really dwindled since the fall of russian communism.   First World countries are are countries that align with America and NATO.   [Three World's Theory](   Now one could argue there's been an etymology change and that First World means developed or rich nations and Third World means poor nations, and the Second World is simply forgotten. Personally I find this to stray too far from the original concept, but I cannot argue against the fact that that is how it is often used in casual conversation today. However people claiming the "The US is becoming a third world country" are still wrong even in this context. People saying that are generally saying we're losing our democracy, civil liberties and/or civil liberties; they generally think we're becoming how we perceive China to be. While China might be what we consider a police state, it is not an undeveloped nor a poor country as a whole. So it would not be categorized as a third world country in either the original sense or in the new sense. Nor is the US in any position to really quickly lose it's place as the world's largest economy. If the US were to cut it's GDP in half we'd still be pretty much neck in neck for first place with China as it's economy stands today (and face, if the US GDP fell by half it would wreck China's GDP as well).
0	Congratulations!   I did this quite a while ago to a very close friend who I was living with at the time in a dorm room. She was very controlling toward me and the rest of our mutual friends. We fought often because I wouldn't take her unsolicited advice and wouldn't tell her all the details of my past or present.  She actually said to me that "we could no longer be friends if I wouldn't tell her everything." This was in regards to me hanging out with a guy from class and not being back in the room right away.   Finally there was just some ridiculous fight and I snapped. It was like someone turned off a light switch on caring about her at all. I just didn't care anymore. I did not give a fuck about her anymore and just stopped interacting. I didn't fight with her anymore, and I didn't go along with her ways of apologizing. I would simply say something like "No thank you" or "I'm busy."   Best decision I ever made. I was so much happier after I cut her out of my life.
1	With all the mana-less champs (Kennen, Katarina, Vladmir) in AP roles, I tend to use speed quints.  It's so nice when your tier 1 boots gets you up to 397 on Kat.  I don't remember what it is for vlad, but it sure helps chase/run and procs nicely with Vlad's W and ghost.
1	How do you explain that some reruns of LOL, or even some players streaming solo Queue gather more viewers?   So following your statistics if a game has like only 5000 people playing and 2500 watch the tournaments than that game is the most popular.   You take into consideration the viewers by players of a game, but thats not how games compete. They do not solo compete within themselves to get their own players to watch their tournaments. The stats we must be looking at is the universe of videogame players, how many came from  SC to LOL, and how many people went to LoL from SC. That what matters for game companies, bring people into their game, the tournaments streams, the Prize Money, thats "cheap" publicity for them, and what they are vouching on is that thoso 18 000 viewers watching are showing their "non LoL players " friends what the game is about and bring more people in.   I give you the point that SC2 probably generates more money than LoL (i don't know the numbers) but SC2 is riding a big empire that comes from a while back. LOL is still a young game, and its increasing at fast rate. I don't know if the SC scene is getting larger or not, and what matters is who is closer to get to their maximum potential.   Your
0	Yes it would save power, but you can use the same motor that's driving the car.   If you put current into the motor it will spin.  However, if the motor is spinning then it will put out current.   So when you let up off the accelerator on an electric car you're no longer feeding the motor current, but the motor is still spinning.  At this point the motor will output current that you can recollect.   The car slows down because that energy has to come from somewhere.  The kinetic energy in the motor get converted into electrical energy.   Electric machines are simply energy conversion devices.  If you convert electrical energy to kinetic energy the device is called a motor.  If you convert kinetic energy to electrical energy the same device is called a generator.
0	every comment i make pertaining to my major in college on this site gets downvoted and responded to with people telling me to go watch the youtube channels they got their information from. the same art that got me accepted into emily carr university cant get more than 20 followers on tumblr. dont take the internet personally. you, your expressions matter even if they get down voted. whats important is perseverance and not giving a shit about peoples opinions unless theyre constructive in helping you better your posts or whatever it is youre trying to accomplish. none of this matters get curious about something and dont try to find acceptance anywhere but where your passions lay and even then fuck em if they dont care what matters is that you care.
1	Free to play, try it out sometime. It's a game style that spawned off DoTA, a custom game from Warcraft III, basically you have your hero (5v5 or 3v3) and you're trying to kill the enemy's nexus/base before they kill yours. Add in lots of PvP, neutral monsters that give buffs, small creeps in lanes on each sides, and towers that defend the lanes and that's the game.
