1	This is why I think riot enforces the smurf accounts. At season 2(when I started) I got into bronze V. Same thing happened season 3, but I was able to climb to silver 1. At preseason 4 I got into gold 3. My other friends that got into bronze V at season 2 gave up on their accounts and used them as smurfs. They made another main and because you're much more skilled than the people you get matchmade with, your mmr will increase. So now they are in plat while I'm in gold 3. After this soft reset, meaning that you do take into account my season 2 and season 3 rating, I have a lower chance of getting gold than my friends that only played one season.
0	Background and Story   I’ll post this as a comment and will just link to it when folks ask for the story.  It’s been explained to me that this is the proper reddit etiquette.   I was just hired to a new company.   I’ve been there since the middle of December.  I don’t have a place to sit in the local office, they’re going to move me to the main office quite a few states away once I deliver some key local projects.   So I’ve been squatting from place to place.  I ended up being told I could share this guy’s office.  I’ll refer to him as the Cancer Guy (or CG for short) since he made that comment.   So, I’m there, in this small room.  He has a desk off to one side and I have a corner table that’s actually behind him.  Now, he could have moved shit around to make so I had to sit in front of him, but he didn’t.   I walk in and he alt-tabbed out of a screen pretty quickly and I see its reddit.  So I start the conversation to get to know him.  Oh, you reddit?   He then asks me if I reddit and give a partial truth.  I tell him I have an author’s account for writing hobby.  I have self-published two novels and some short stories and we talked about that.  In fact he even bought one of my books (no I won’t share that as I don’t want my r/l linked to this account).  Edit to this he actually bought everything I’ve written…damn… okay, I owe him next lunch.   He shows me his account, what he’s doing, and some other guy he’s arguing with that he’s “about to let have it”.   Then I leave to do work, and am off by myself sitting on a con call for a meeting and I make a meme.   It blew up.  I never thought it’d make front page but it did.   And he saw it.  He saw it that night when he was at home.   He freaks out.  He copies all my stuff from my account and then deletes his account.   Then I go to work the next morning.   I walked into his office this morning set my laptop up to start checking shit and he just looks at me with this weird grin and says "Well, good morning Goblin Dick Smasher".   I was like "oh shit, well, let’s get this done" and I start talking to him about it.   He kept it secret that he had taken copies of my stuff until we were at lunch.  He said he was really afraid of me getting him fired and he wanted a “mutually assured destruction” option.   I told him if I wanted to get him fired I’d end up being fired as well since I’d have to share my account as proof, and losing a brand new job and that wasn’t on my to-do list.  That I’d rather deal with him honestly, with honor and integrity and he liked the idea and deleted his stuff while I watched.  And I know, how do I know he doesn’t have copies?  I believe him.   We ended up going to lunch and talked a lot.  This is in the morning, lunch, and at times in between while I worked.  I’m a project manager and he’s a developer so right now I’m way busier than he is, he’s also fucking brilliant at his job.  The reason he’s at the smaller company is interesting.   But, we talked about why the vitriol on his arguments and he honestly didn’t know.  HE talked about himself and his life a lot.  He doesn’t have any friends outside of the MMO’s he plays.  He was married, met a woman in the PI, married her, had two kids, when she was a citizen she divorced him and them moved across the country.  He didn’t handle that very well, didn’t get a lawyer, which he should have, and she took him for everything, including 60% of his pay to child support.  She’s married now to someone else and he never sees his kids.   This is why I think, and he thinks I’m probably right, he’s mean to people on-line.  He can’t be mean to people in person, but he has to get it out.   His way out of the debilitating money was to become unemployed and then argue for a reduction.  So 60% of what his unemployment was is what he was paying for.  He also argued for visitation, bus since he was remote he couldn’t get in person, but the judge agreed to open communication and summer vacation with him.   He then got another job and got a place for them to stay at when they’re with him.  They don’t want to come, they aren’t happy when they’re with him, and they are happy to go back home.  Thing is, this guy is a genius at what he does, but has zero social capability, and has zero notion of how to be a dad much less a single parent for a summer vacation.   Anyway, I’m digressing from the point.  The other guy, the IT guy, CG knows he’s a slimy guy.  But IT Man is a one-guy IT shop for a small company and is  heavily  relied upon by the owner.  I don’t have the time in service with this company nor the confidence of the owner just yet to be able to fix that.  Just yet.  And I’m too new to try and do some “get someone fired” stuff.  So I’m going to let it go and table it for a time when I am in the position to do something about it.   Now,
1	Super long CC's are a part of it. Doesn't matter how far ahead you are when Enigma can stun your whole team for 4 seconds. But that's not all of it. Team strategies are generally a lot more asymmetrical.   You can have one team that's really good at grouping up and steamrolling you, but the other team can have good split-pushers that threaten to solo-kill your base if you cross the river.   You also generally have carries that peak at different points. One team might have a Lifestealer that peaks at 35 minutes and can turn on his magic immunity and kill someone in 3 hits, but the other team might have Medusa who requires way more farm but can split-shot your whole team to death if she can turtle til 50 minutes.
0	Look, there's no way for the NSA to be corrupt in and of itself. It's controlled entirely by Congress. Congress has oversight into EVERYTHING. If there is corruption, it's because Congress put it there. But we already knew Congress was corrupt. Or at least it should be obvious. They legalized bribery (oh, I'm sorry, they're 'lobbyists' and it's a 'consulting position'), they try to push the people against each other (oh, no, these political parties are for the people's good; I forgot), and they have complete control over who can get into the seats (at least, they can pick between 5 or 6, but that's how republics work, right?)   So, please spend your time trying to get Congress fixed and back into the control of the people, not the corporate overlords. Stop worrying about one of the few groups that might (doubt it, but hey, there's more than a 0% chance, which is better than Congress can say) actually have your (presuming you're not a terrorist) best interests in mind.
0	This is to all of the employees out there. You are paid to do a job that you applied for. Do that job and if you are worth it the company will promote you. The biggest issue I see with new employees is as soon as they get hired they feel entitled. They want paid time off as soon as they are hired, they expect way too much for having done way too little. If you find yourself in a position where you can leave and and make more money then good for you.  OP, maybe you are one of the good ones who doesn't bitch and complain and gets stuff done, if that's the case, good for you. But what you don't understand is that there are a lot of people out there who are lazy and whiny, they bitch about change and make the supervisors job a living hell because they can't just shut up and take direction. If you want to make yourself invaluable to a company shut up and do your job as best as you possibly can, you will have chances to go above and beyond. If you have a way to make improvements that are beneficial to the company , write a good professional proposal. My employees come to me with good ideas, I tell them to write me a proposal and I will back them on it. 1 in 10 actually sends me something, and of the ones that are sent, i bet 90% are half ass'd. Take some initiative. If you fail , do it again! If you keep trying you will get better at it and your employer should notice. Ask for feed back all the time. They will tell you how to get promoted. Listen to what they say and use that information the next time a position is open. This is not rocket science history. Just be smart, listen more, talk less. Good Luck   EDIT:
1	No it isn't dude. Play more games and it'll move to 50%. Also are you climbing consistently? Or are you playing people at your skill level? Last season, i had 666 AP nidalee games, 51.8% winrate. 95 games on OLD yasuo 51.6% winrate. YOU WILL get about 50% winnrate always, when playing at your skill level (And more than 10 goddamn games).   At the time I had a 47% winrate, I was not climbing the ladder. When I get to around 30 games on a champion it's usually a 60% winrate. The point is, stronger champions tend to have higher winrate.   >No, they never do that.   Here is Phreak using winrate as an indicator of power level.  By saying "winrate doesn't mean everything," he's clearly indicating it means something. Otherwise he would've said "winrate means nothing."   Here is Meddler talking about differing champion power levels, clearly indicating that they exist and can affect regular players.
1	I don't think globals are toxic in the game, there is counterplay to let's say a shen ult, you can take his turret most of the time and it has a long cd, tf's ult is balanced now that he has to dissappear from the lane giving the mid of your team the oppurtunity to call mia or to see him via wards. Take out the global ults and things like Kassa and Nida will be the next one being changed cause they have the second most strongest mobility in the game, the next thing will probably be things like laners with strong mf buffs and boots of mobility getting nerfed, you don't want to start that, believe me. Still i believe your idea is pretty good, you'd have to rebalance Ohmwrecker though and that will probably increase the total cost of it leaving the jungler to buy it and stabilizing the "locket meta" on junglers preventing any individual ideas for jungler builds.
1	His point is that if you buy a champion with RP it's cheaper (in RP) than buying an IP boost and buying a champion with the resulting IP. His figure of where it becomes more efficient to boost is way off (it's 6 games a day for the duration of your boost, assuming you use per win boosts and have a 50% win rate), but it's still a good argument.
0	To start things off, I am on medication, so don't worry too much. I just need to vent, and take any advice.   This past November, on my home from my night class, I saw a kid holding the railing of the overpass crying. When I pulled onto the bridge, he slouched down on the sidewalk and buried his head. My first thought was to mind my own business and carry on, but within 50 ft of passing him, I made a U-turn and parked on the side of the road. I got out of my car and walked onto the bridge, asked if I could join, ploped down next to him. I asked him how he was doing and took the time to listen. We talked about how he moved here from New York after flunking out of art school, wanting to become a cartoonist, and how is parents in Ohio wouldn't support him anymore. He told me of his past drug habits, attempts to get help for his depression, his current living conditions, and his unsuccessful job prospects from not having a vehicle. He is only 19.   I shared my own experiences, right now at 22, about how I got severely depressed a year ago despite good things happening, how I got inexpensive medication and therapy, got a great job that I could live off of, meeting an amazing girlfriend, getting myself back into school, and buying 2 cars, all in about a year.   He slowly cheered up enough to walk with me to the gas station where I was parked, and then allowed me to walk with him to the townhome where he is staying with friends. I didn't push for his number to call him, but gave him mine instead. If he needed anything, just give me a call.   Since then, I think about it everyday. I've gone to the same overpass, stood in the same spot, calling myself a coward for not jumping. I got close a couple times, but it sure would have helped to have someone there with me. I worry if what I did was good enough to stop him, and if he is okay. I didn't wait for him to go inside the house, and knocking on the door for someone I don't recall the name of would be awkward as hell in that neighborhood.
0	Op here. To respond to the top comment, I'm basically saying that no matter how not racist you are, it seems that there are a lot of people out there who want to just shoot down white people for even trying to be involved in the race debate. Every time I try to talk about it, despite my side, I get a big plate of "You don't know my struggle", or, "You don't know their struggle", even if I'm on their side. So ultimately I just opt out of the conversation all together.
1	I guess I will be one of the first people to say no. I got diamond early in the season, was anywhere from d2 to d5. I knew I'd never get challenger, so ranked to me just became a highly competitive place to practice mechanics. If the only reason I win my lane is because I got free kill and snowball from a d/c, then I get nothing out of that game. If it happens to me I am sure they will kill me, but in a game where I am lagging I don't expect to win anyways. If you are concerned about climbing the ladder, then of course kill them everytime. Just know that in tournaments you can't expect a d/c to get you a win, especially with the pause feature.
0	You also sound like my boss. Oh sure, he comes over for barbecues. I know his wife. He knows my girlfriend. But fuck me sideways if I don't hate his fucking face more than anything. If my boss were to tell people what I think of him, it wouldn't sound anything like if I were to tell people what I think of him.
0	If you're a US citizen then the chances are slim. The CIA themselves don't torture anyone directly anymore. There are many black-sites in Western-Europe where the prisoners/suspects are now transported, mostly new NATO allies looking to get in the good graces of the US government. These sites are handled by those domestic intelligence agencies which in-turn have some local soviet era goons do the dirty work so that even if any of it is revealed then it doesn't get traced back to the CIA or more importantly, the US government. The chilling fact is that because of the PATRIOT act you're more likely to end up being tortured in one of these sites than actually get to torture someone. When Snowden gets caught they're not gonna bother with bringing him stateside for atleast sometime.
1	That's why you start at Bots games and work your way up.  You get familiar with the mechanics of the game and eventually progress to normal games.  If 90% of  every  game you're playing has an AFK, rager, or smurf, then you're just unlucky.  The bad ones usually happen in 3/10, 4/10 at most.  Otherwise, how could we have so many people bitching about the community?   I don't mean to sound like a prick, but the best thing to do if you have an asshole on your team is to just mute them.  If they've been doing nothing but flame at you the whole game, they obviously have nothing constructive to say so you're not going to miss much by muting them.
1	No one really needs a "mansion" like Curse.NA. The main part should be the "come together - play together" feeling and that you learn something about how the ppl react on stuff in RL as well, to understand their behaviour and mentality a way better. But why do they need a huuuuuge mansion with a pool 20 floors etc? Its just not necessary to invest so much money into a mansion where as a normal house can do the same thing.   E.g. when I see the VODs of the CLG-Mansion, there are like no furnitures in there, the resound is kinda annoying and the mansion looks really messy. I wouldn't feel good in that kind of environment.
0	For me it is No: NO! Maybe: Im going to come Yes: I never cross that since I don't want to disappoint anyone when something goes wrong and I won't come :s
0	I used to work in service industry so I know this happens more often than not. Most of the time, we give entitled, self-centered, sad excuse for a human like you the least amount of "service" as we can. We also sneak in a little tiny revenge here and there. It's small but it adds up. I know for a fact that you've, at least once, eaten food that has been thumbed by the server you've mistreated who didn't wash his/her hand after the handling that dirty wet, bleachy rag just because your mother wasn't there to teach you this thing called, "be nice to people".
0	Within Christian mythology it's a huge shift in direction, you are absolutely correct. However, the reason for the shift in direction I believe has much to do with Judaism losing power/influence while that region was occupied by the Roman Empire. The old testament writings for the most part were about a nation of people who had many successful war campaigns and conquered a decent amount of land. It also talks about the exploits of mighty kings who had Yahweh, the war god of Judea and Israel, at their side. All in all the Old Testament is about a nation of people who had the power of the god of gods supporting them.   During the reign of the Roman Empire, Israel was not the mighty nation it had once been. Many Jews would have been a lower class and therefore much poorer/powerless, than their Roman counterparts. It could have been possible that a few people within Judaism, began a new movement, or perhaps multiple movements that preached salvation for the meek and oppressed, rather than beating the war drums or sounding the horns of triumph as was seen in the old testament.   The New Testament has an overlying theme of hope for the weak. The Jesus figure was not a powerful king by earthly standards; he was just a handyman by trade. He was a figured who recognized his lowly position in society, as well as, the position most of his followers in that society. He preached patience, non-violence, forgiveness of your transgressors/oppressors, and that those who lived a good life loving God and being satisfied with what they had, would find salvation and happiness after death.   If you look at the history of that area of the world, in particular the history of the Hebrew people in that part of the world, you see a nation that was once a powerful force, but had their power stripped from them twice. Once by the Babylonians and once by Rome. The Old Testament and New Testament, aside from being fairly historically inaccurate(wrong dates, wrong leaders,etc), do for the most part reflect the time when they were supposed to have been written.   Admittedly, some of this is my own speculation. However, it is not unreasonable for the history of those people to be reflected in their holy books. Many other religious mythologies do the same thing.
0	Stop. Wait a minute. I am no Hillary fan, but I am also no Jeb Bush fan. You are clearly creating a false dichotomy while co-opting America's beloved green frog. There are many other options in the whole political spectrum besides Billary and Jebediah, and I wholeheartedly encourage all of Reddit and all of the legal voting people of the US to find a candidate that reflects their views as to where this nation should be going.
1	Actually I find the SC2 ladder and the new LOL ladder systems very similar. You're saying that LP does not actually represent anything, and is just meaningless points to assuage the masses now that we can't see our mmr/elo rating. I think you actually described what the LP represent now though when you were talking about how in the SC2 ladder, you need to consistently play at a higher mmr than what you are playing at to proceed. Well isn't that exactly what the LP system shows? It's a system that goes over the hidden mmr that is really there in the LOL ladder.   LP doesn't match you with anyone, it's effectively just a counter to show to show how soon you can potentially rank-up. If you are at 100 LP the system has determined that you are playing very well and you get promo series. If you are between 30-70, you're probably around the right area. Same goes if you are low on LP. Basically the only difference I see in these two systems is that the SC2 ladder is all hidden, and reaching the top of a ladder gives you a vague idea that maybe you could rank up soon because you have a lot of points. The LP system is actually showing you the calculation that is going on behind the scenes in the SC2 ladder, thus it's actually a more transparent system. Not saying this is good or bad.   The only massive difference between these systems is that you can no longer get demoted if you have attained a certain league, e.i. gold league. If I'm not mistaken, if the SC2 system sees you playing at a much lower mmr than what is considered normal for your current league, you will be demoted. I believe that LOL implemented this to remove some anxiety from the ranked system, though in the long run I'm not sure if this was a good idea.
1	I used to main Udyr so when I discovered a high-level streamer that was entertaining and who played him very well I was ecstatic. I learned a ton from watching Trick play and I can quite confidently say that I know his limits very well, and I would say that mechanically my phoenix-jungle Udyr is at the same level as Trick. My knowledge of the game, map awareness and top lane skills are much worse which is why I'm still in silver 1.  Point being : he's a great source of entertainment and has a lot to offer if you don't imitate his play-style but instead learn from his thought process on how to gank, when to push, all these things.  Fans/Followers : please be aware that he's only "MAXIMUM DISRESPECTING" because he developed his own playstyle that works for him, that he's incredibly comfortable with and has mastered. This is not your playstyle, you do not have 500+ games with a champ yet.
0	I've been ticketed four times (so far) for speeding; all gifted from the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a badass old-timer patrolman who told me straight out "I'm only giving tickets out for speeding today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you were speeding and thats what I gotta give you a ticket for". I was going 70 in a 55 (country road). He then told me most HPs won't even "look at you twice for going 80 in a posted 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart ever since, drives about 1200 miles a week, and a frequent weaver, I can say that 99% of the time it's absolutely true!
0	There are many, many kinds of service dogs. Having a psychiatric service dog myself, I'm happy to answer you!   Some of the rumors that surround service dogs are part of the problem. First, any breed or size can be a service dog. I know a gal who has a Chihuahua as her service dog. He is what's called an alert dog, he senses when her body chemistry is changing and alerts her to it so that she can take her medication and find a quiet, secure place in case she has an attack. He has saved her life more than once, as her flashbacks are so vivid that she completely disassociates and could wander into traffic or someplace dangerous.   Second, there are three kinds of civilian working dogs. There are therapy dogs, the ones who go to hospitals, nursing homes, etc. and whose sole purpose is to bring people comfort. Comfort dogs, like those who were at Sandy Hook following the disaster there, are therapy dogs. Therapy dogs do NOT have public access rights granted by the ADA, though some cities do have protections for such. The second is an emotional support animal, which is similar to a therapy animal but is for one person only. It does not have public access rights, but is protected to live in someone's home or hotel where pets are not normally allowed. They are helpful for depression, anxiety, and general mental health. The third is the service dog. Only dogs, and in certain cases miniature horses, can be service animals. They are federally protected, have full public access rights, and accompany their human partner everywhere. The most well-known service animals are seeing eye and hearing types, though there are balance/mobility, medical alert (such as alerting to low blood sugar, bronchial stress for asthma patients or oncoming seizures), psychiatric, and so, so many more.   Its the invisible disabilities that unfortunately are subject to the worst harassment. There is nothing visibly wrong with us, so people tend to think we just want to bring Fifi with us to the grocery store. While it's true that there are fakers, they are incredibly rare and I would bet that most folk you've met with service dogs have been the real deal. Personally, I have severe PTSD from an assault many years ago. Without going into detail, I have nasty flashbacks, chronic nightmares, anxiety and depression stemming from it, and paranoia like you wouldn't believe. My therapist finds it fascinating that I've managed to pass off to most people as "normal".   So,what the hell does that 25 pound Beagle mix in a vest do for me? He alerts when I'm about to flashback or have an anxiety attack and walks me to open air until I calm down. He reminds me to take my medication, forces me out of bed when my alarm goes off (the depression and paranoia make that hard sometimes), and refocuses me when I'm starting to lose touch with reality. He physically stops people from touching me by putting himself between me and them, with a few exceptions, like my husband or anyone I make the first move towards. He is trained to respond to hand signals to give me an out from a conversation that's making me uncomfortable (he'll make a quiet bark and I'll excuse myself to walk the dog). He does deep pressure therapy on command and sometimes without one, which helps to ground me in the present. He keeps me stable and functional, when all my brain can do is panic and make me shut down. He's not a pet. He's my partner, the same as a police officer's K9 unit is. They both work hard to protect us, just from different dangers.
0	actually, out of all the cats ive had, ive only adopted one of them. (my parents actually adopted him).   my boyfriend found my second kitten, elf, in the parking lot of a sams club.   my boyfriends ex gave us two kittens from a litter that was outside of her moms work, we named them yin and yang.   my boyfriends mom and her husband found two kittens that were only a day old or so who had been abandoned by their mother. some lady scared her off due to being "allergic to cats", even though they were on her front porch, away from the door. we nursed them back to health, although only one survived, sadly. her name is lunacy (or luna for short).   all of the other cats my bfs mom has (4 others besides luna) were found on the streets as stray kittens and rescued.   she also has two pitbulls (honey and buddy) that she found running down the street who looked abused, and she took them in. they are wonderful, sweet, loving dogs, although they were definitely abused by their former owners.   when i was very young, a reddish pomeranian/fox terrier puppy showed up at my door (the morning after i predicted it to my grandmom, i was like 3 or something and said i was gonna get a red puppy). i named her ruby.
1	Same story.  I jumped in the moment I hit 30 without reading into meta, pro scene, or even basic game construction.  I was bad.  Like, I would start Vladimir with a Ruby Crystal and no pots mid lane and was surprised people bought Doran's items cause I thought they were trash.   And I'll bet I was toxic too.  Not because I hated people, but because I genuinely didn't understand why someone would do the things they did and would call them out on what I thought were terrible plays.  I didn't know how to effectively assist the team or what my role was on it.  I couldn't follow up on what they wanted done, and I didn't even have a solid sense of what needed to be done in the first place.  And considering I only ever played Vlad and would autolock him every game (cause that's what you do in blind normals and I didn't know better), I'm guessing I pissed some people off before the game even started.   ~100 games later I'd fallen down to like 900 elo.  It didn't help that I realized my terrible habits and tried to reform at the start of S3, I still had to deal with the Bronze IV (ish) community I'd surrounded myself with.  It's no wonder I believed in elo hell back then.
1	I'll go back to the original post then. It WOULD be possible to track wards, albeit not very accurately and you could have this stat added, but as everyone else in this post has already said, it would be very meaningless. Just read the rest of the posts for reasons why the stat isn't needed.
1	I had someone get forced to play mid or jungle, he said he only knew how to play top and owned 'no mid champions', he ended playing mid vlad. He didn't dodge, no one did, this was a normals game, like he should be playing if he doesn't even play mid with any of his champions. When you get in ranked you end up with people that feel they can only carry from one role, don't have any desire to play another role, or they get tired of playing the same role over and over. If you're going to play ranked you should be try-harding a victory, if you really don't want to win then you should play normals with your buds and practice random shit and get better, then play ranked and try hard there. Lots of players don't play ranked, myself included, because of how many people troll like this. They really need to add a stronger incentive to do well and play your best in ranked. Watching rainman's stream right now and he's laughing at how retarded his team mate is, that kind of player  (the retarded guy) shouldn't be where he is and it makes me wonder why anyone would want to achieve something like getting an arbitrary number to end up with the same old trolls and dumbasses that don't know how to play.
0	We don't really buy six packs from "the store", since they aren't sold in regular stores. We have something called Systembolaget, which is a government owned chain of liquor stores. They're the only stores allowed to sell alcoholic beverages containing more than 3,5 % alcohol. A few brands have six pack cases, but generally we either buy them in a case of 24 or just pick up as many as we need for the night. I usually do the latter and what's nice about that is that I usually go with just one of each and mix it up a bit, rather than drinking six (or 24) of the same beer.   I should add that this isn't as much of a problem as it might seem, since there's always a Systembolaget within a 30 minute drive - even in the country - and in the bigger cities just a walk down the street.   Also, they are really professional and have a wide range of beverages - both bigger brands and smaller (often local, at least in Gothenburg where micro-brewing is a big thing) ones that they rotate so you can try new things all the time. If you can't find what you're looking for, they'll help you order it to the store for a small fee, so that way you can buy almost anything from all over the world.   Our taxes on alcohol makes it quite expensive though. From $1.2 for the cheapest ( Cheap Thrills  33 cl can to ~$2.1 for a 33 cl bottle of Heineken and $3-4 for the finer bottles, such as IPA:s etc. So if I'm going to a festival, I'll probably buy cases with 24 cans of "standard" beer for $30. If it's just for warming up for a night out I'd go with 5-6 bottles of nicer stuff, which would be $15.   [Here]( is information about the monopoly on their site, in English.   [This]( is an interesting interactive video, in English, about what researchers think would happen if the monopoly would be abolished.   And [this]( is the section where you can search for products and see the prices. It's in Swedish though, but you can probably guess what's what.
0	The problem with being conscious of "triggers" in daily life everything you post or say is that every single thing is a potential trigger, consider just fictional examples: the color yellow (from the game adaptation of I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream), the song Singing in the Rain (A Clockwork Orange), the phrase "Niagara falls" (old vaudeville routine).   If you're posting about something commonly triggering like about rape or abuse sure, say "hey I'm going to talk about being molested here", but the problem with people being UPSET about lack of warnings is that literally anything could trigger anyone, and thinking that hard before saying anything lest someone be offended that you talked about a fat person without an anorexia trigger warning is exhausting and not really practical.
1	I think a lot of people get this feeling because it's easy to think 'I'm Gold, with practice I know i can make Plat and probably Diamond' - which is true.  However, nothing about personal skill prepares you for teamwork and coordination.  Not only that, but having a similar mindset is necessary.   Years ago I started a clan in a FPS of a bunch of people who played together constantly.  We had varying skill levels but got stomped because we had ZERO capability of working together.  Over a 2-3 year period we managed to coordinate well - individual skill didn't really improve much, but we got to the point where we knew our roles and what to be doing at any time and what we could expect from our teammates.  We improved from bottom of the league to mid-upper even though most of the people we played against could stomp us in 1v1 situations.   Also, we are constantly engaged about success stories.  E-Sports haven't developed yet to the level of something like football - where there are so many people playing that you KNOW that unless you are a prodigy you won't be noticed.  LoL especially is bad about this misinterpretation since it is easy to deceive oneself about the simplicity of the game.  Due to the nature of E-Sports we are getting constant feedback from the pros through social means; something we don't get in other sports.  This makes the pros seem more normal/real than we are used to, making the differences seem smaller (because, in many ways, they are).   LoL has a relatively small community which is CONSTANTLY giving feedback about how you can better yourself.  We get to see pro's playing from their perspective and think about how they don't seem like they are THAT much better, but you need to change your thinking.   If you are in Gold right now, you are probably comparable to someone who does consistently good on a local high school football team.  You are better than most of the people playing, but you can recognize the couple people in the local area that are just plain better than you - but you beat the other 95% of people.  Those couple people who are just fantastic at the game are comparable to Plat/Diamond.  They'll probably get scholarships to universities for their ability to play and then, when they are suddenly playing against people of equal caliber, realize they weren't quite on the level they thought - even though they are better than 98-99% of people, they aren't pro.  Not only that, but they probably had learned some bad practices when they were in high school.  All they had to do was get the ball and they'd score - leading to the win.  When they were suddenly evenly matched, and their whole team was worthwhile to pass the ball to - and probably better options than themselves - the game dynamic changed completely when teamwork became important.  The few that were amazing at the University level - they are the pros.   But the fatal flaw to all of this is that these people HAVE to play on teams from the beginning - completely different from solo queue.  You are not learning proper teamwork in solo queue.
0	This is why I posted this :( Anything with foreign, hard to process ingredients (like the ones in diet sodas) not only translates directly to fat  due to slower digestion but causes health problems like metabolic syndrome.
1	The meta still shifts with balance updates. One week people play twitch and build one item the next week they patch that so other champions can come back in. I have played this game for three years and yes the lanes are pretty set in stone by how they are played does change with the meta.   Red pot was a great start on lots of all in top laners for a long time but then the meta shifted so that was as common of a start. Assassins mid was the big thing for a while and then people learned how to counter them more effectively with an hourglass and arm guard. Super tanks like Mundo were the best top laners for a while. Maybe Urgot will be the next best adc and you build static shiv first. The meta does change and if you have been playing for as long as I have you can name off many innovations that have some to counter common strategy and adapt to situations.   Patch 4.11 was a giant shift to the meta if you play at any ranked tier seriously. Nid is brought to top lane and built AD now because of it. They added a new jungle item to allow tanky junglers to have an easier time like Maokai and Rammus. I honestly think that with almost every large patch the meta will wiggle to its changes and that is often reflected by the win rates of lots of champions after a patch.   If you think the meta is static I would recommend you watch the other competitive leagues around the world, even the EU LCS looks a little different than NA because there meta is slightly different. The biggest difference is Korea's OGN which is a whole new world of strategy compared to the NA LCS.
1	From a competitive person, yes.   In-game:  Rank usually determines the chances of success between fights of similar level, i.e. if a gold and a silver on one team 2v2 a silver and a silver on the enemy team, I'd expect the gold and the silver to get more out of it 60-70% of the time.   On the other hand when I play jungle, if I know that my mid laner is 2-3 divisions behind the enemy, I either camp that lane to death or just make the judgment that I can't save mid and focus another lane. ex. I had a diamond V lane against a level 20 and I avoided midlane like the plague   out of game  I take advice hands from anyone who is higher rank than me, no questions asked. Around 70% of all my friends are boosted to gold so I treat them like low silvers, and proceed to tell them every game not to facecheck the bushes.
0	I distinctly remember my one grandma talking about "negro" hair at the thanksgiving table...... my other grandma had a shit fit because she thought my cousin was dating a black man..... when she found out he was gay, she was OK with it...... as long as they were not dating.
0	It was right at the bottom of the market after the housing market crashed. There was that tax credit for first time home buyers and my parents loaned me a little. It worked out that my 3 bedroom house is about $300/month less expensive than my previous 2 bedroom apartment so I can pretty much rent out two rooms for very little (makes it easy to rent out) and I pay next to nothing
0	Nothing wrong with having one every now and then. :D Self control is key. I found my weight loss is going better than ever because I'm not running away from food, just being smart about portions and when I eat things.
1	I started this season in Bronze 4 and am Now plat 4. And what I can tell you is that I've learned a lot from this experience of the climb. Let me share with you. There's 2 different ways to climb the ranked ladder. People do it by either going for objectives and just winning, or being mechanically skilled outplaying people and carrying. People have different play styles to win and find different ways to win. I play v.s diamond 5-2's quite a lot and can find not many differences between us other then the fact that they go for objectives more. The game is more about objectives and less about single mechanical skill now than it has ever been. Meaning it's pretty easy to climb the ladder with zero mechanics at all.
0	Still, the use of the word accident without the use of the word negligence does take some blame off of the operator. Yes, I agree it is an accident by the strictest definitions, but these things change in a social context. If someone hits someone else with their car whilst under the influence, you wouldn't call it an accident because it's not harsh enough of a word. You call it manslaughter, and some would even go so far as to call it murder. You don't call the most delicious pie in the world "good", you call it "amazing" or some stronger word. Yes it was good, but that's not doing the pie justice. You don't call the LHC "interesting" because it's the epitome of scientific equipment, and simply saying that it is "interesting" does not do it justice. Hitler wasn't just a "bad guy", he was one of if not the worst human to ever exist. He was so bad that his name has been used as a measure for how bad a person is. He was literally Hitler! Let's imagine that Reddit existed during the post-WWI era and someone posted a picture like this saying "Hitler isn't a bad guy, he's the worst person ever" there wouldn't be this fuss over being a bad guy and the worst person ever being the same thing. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that negligently shooting yourself in the hand is on the same scale as Hitler. What I'm saying is that words carry a certain weight to them. An accident is what happens when a small child unintentionally knocks another child down on the playground. Negligence is when you shoot yourself in the hand unintentionally.
1	There is something similar to the "EA effect" going on here. This is where  every time there is a new release everyone get upset and equates the company to hitler all the while buying all the things that they complain about. Riot is a great company in my honest opinion but they still have obligations to their equity holders (aka make dat $$$$). So you can see why there is not a sense of urgency on their end for east coast improvements. Riot  has a history of being calculated which results in delayed releases (or even announcements of releases). Currently its clear their focus is in developing the LCS and esports as a whole and when you add the politics that ISP's are playing now I can sympathize with not wanting to commit too a server relocation.
0	My younger brother is constantly manipulating our mother into getting his way. I told her about this once, and how he insults me and her when she's not around, and how he uses our grandmother's gullibility to make himself seem like the victim in every possible situation in order to gain her sympathy so that he can continue this. I was yelled at for a solid 2 hours. My little brother came in later to insult me further about trying to rat him out.
1	I tend to play ADC quite a bit, and although I'm no diamond player, I can definitely give some sort of input. Most of the time, you're going to want to take down whoever is the biggest threat to  you  at the given point in time.   I reason it this way, because in most situations (speaking in terms of teamfights), you're most likely not going to have the opportunity to directly take down the opposing Tristana as Vayne. Let's just be real.   However, if the enemy Alistar is bullrushing in for the CC, you're going to focus him as best as you can. Your job is to take down the targets by the level of threat in respect to  YOU.   I mean, sure, if you have a clear shot, and there is no other opposing threat higher than the enemy ADC, by all means,  do what you (and your team) sees fit.   I usually remember this little saying when playing:   "In optimal circumstances, your team will peel for you. However, the enemy team will peel for their ADC as well."  I hope I gave quality enough advice for you.
1	Hello,   Thanks for the letter. I'm not a Riot employee but I have played this game for a very long time. Just like you, I have found myself fascinated and frustrated by the toxicity of this community. The topic of justice in these new online wild west environments is extremely interesting to me. I want to address some of the points you've brought up because many of them have been brought up before.   > At first I figured it was just because they didn't have the same size player base that League of Legends did, but I quickly realized it was much more than that.   To most people, league has always been toxic. But for someone like me, who has been playing consistently since beta, its not hard to notice the change over time and the factors that correlate with the changes.   Here is a comment . The fact that LoL is the #1 streamed game of all time coupled with the "Free to play" looks like a formula for dirtying the playground to me.   How can streaming be a bad thing? People like to see pros win and try to emulate them. It gives people (who don't understand the game in the first place)  an easy way to separate black from white . This build is WRONG or this champion is TRASH. When their expectations (stream) don't meet reality (game) they lash out. These people are less likely to care about the integrity of their account or their reputation because LoL might be a thing they're "trying out" or something they just do sometimes. The kids who seldom visit the playground are less concerned about dirtying it.   They also feel justified about bashing others because they're playing the game "correctly" AKA what they saw on stream. This is where the idea of meta sheep comes from. Players, like me, who play the game organically, to experiment and experience a variety of playstyles, are labelled as trolls and shunned.   > Clearly, nobody is afraid of being reported, and I feel it's because Tribunal is a flawed system   I actually agree with this. The tribunal is not a perfect system but  it would be remiss to ignore the good it has done.  From what I have seen, the Tribunal has been an utter success in lowering the degree of toxicity if not the frequency. [Here is a comment]( I wrote on this subject. The OP here is arguing that today's community doesn't know what an intentional feeder is because they don't exist in the same abundance as they used to. But didn't I just say that beta was a "clean" playground? How can this contradiction be true?   There is a major difference between the flavor of toxicity that exists today and the toxicity that the Tribunal got rid of. The difference is that  today's toxicity tends to be incidental, while previously it was blatant and intentional.  Even the example you gave of your friend probably wouldn't count as blatant toxicity in the old days.   For example, an old troll was actually very dedicated to his "art", this is where you see scores like 0/40. There were even guides written on how to feed in the most efficient way (teleport, mobi boots, zeals etc). Very few people would make an account, get it to 30, just to have it banned for trolling. Perhaps this is why you see more of these old style trolls in the very low level pool. Trolls today tend to be more subtle, passive-aggressive and turn to trolling because something angered or upset them. An old rager would be completely unrestrained; lets say someone dies and he blames you for it, today's rager would probably spew some rage each time you do something "wrong". An old rager would proceed to spam the N-word in chat for the entirety of the rest of the game.   The problem here is not that the tribunal sucks or it doesn't work.  Its that people have gotten better at toeing the line.  People will always do this, wherever there are rules, there are loopholes. Your friend, even though he seems unrestrained, probably knows that if he goes too far, he will be banned. Ragers can stagger their toxicity across many games, forcing a large error margin for tribunal hits. Riot do not prosecute these cases because they've received so much flak for false positives. Finally, premades reporting is a big problem and I completely agree with you on that point.   > Riot should have a Staff of GM that deal with these cases personally.   This is actually how it worked before the tribunal was created. I don't have the figures on me, but even during S1 (when LoL playerbase was a  mere fraction  of what it is now) there were simply too many reports for a human to sort and adjudicate. The tribunal was a great idea to outsource this onto the community.   > I feel like players should have incentive to be helpful to their peers.   Riot's stance on this topic tends to be that "fake" helpfulness is the result you get from giving players material incentives and that's not what they want. This is shown by their removal of tribunal IP and their refusal to tie honor with rewards. I used to agree with this stance. But I've since realized how idealist it is. Once you reach a certain threshold,  "fake" manners are probably better than none at all.   > I don't play much DotA, but from what I know, they have a sort of "Low-Priority Queue"   We have to ask whether we want to fix the problem or just be in a nice little gated community where the problem can be far away from us.  Low priority queue is a way to sweep the problem under the rug.  Players may not know why they are being punished or even that they are being punished at all. In both general society and video games, we want to reform people, not punish them and this "prisoner's island" idea is a very "out of sight, out of mind" way to band-aid the problem.   I'm aware that this feature exists in Dota 2, unfortunately I don't play enough of it nowadays to comment on its effectiveness or what the low-priority players experience.   A final point that I think is very important is correctly aligning player's intentions. I've talked a lot about this topic here. [This is a comment]( I made that explains what I mean. I think a lot of toxicity can be avoided just by getting like-minded players to play with each other. However, even people on this subreddit seem to not care about the distinction between RANKED and NORMALS. Team builder is actually a great start to this.   Finally, within the previous link above is another link in which I breakdown why Korean servers seem to have less trolls. The main point there is that  most Koreans actually PAY to play the game indirectly  as they are paying for time in PC cafes. I'm not saying that we should make LoL into a pay-to-play game (although I'm sure this would reduce toxicity significantly). What I am saying is that there needs to be consequences for acting like an ass, besides the vague threat of a tribunal that's out there somewhere.
1	I play Kassadin a lot, and I can tell you this, he is fairly squishy throughout the game and requires great precision. A fed Kassadin is a nightmare, but then again, what champ isn't?   I usually go through summoner's rift, but if you play your cards right and use a more mobile champion, you can shut him down pretty hard early game because he's so situational. A prominently AD team can tear him to pieces, and pre-6 he's super vulnerable. He has high mana costs, and if you don't get your enemy to at least half health after your combo, even your W activated won't help much.   Best way to counter him is to force him to focus on AP rather than mana, because his AP scaling is pretty terrible and so will lose all effectiveness if he doesn't build that up. Early game, try to keep together and don't leave your squishier characters by themselves. By mid-game, most people generally have enough health to have the health to fight back against Kass one on one, forcing him to pick and choose his battles more because if he doesn't get the kill within a few seconds and he doesn't have a lot of mana, he'll be left with his pants down (his ulti costs lots and lots more mana if he has to use it multiple times) and be easy to pick off. He's an assassin, he may have quite a few tricks, but he still has to pick and choose his battles a bit more than most champs. I can't tell you how many times I've said 'uh oh' when I didn't get my early game kills and couldn't riftwalk out of a fight I started.
1	20% cdr is usually really effective when trying to reach the cap cleanly, for example mages can get Morellos + Ludens and there, you have a strong damage, mana sustaining core that also gives you the cdr cap, AD champs have other options so they can hit the cap and most champs that use cdr runes is to have it available from the get go because they're cooldown gated. (Zed, Riven for example)
1	Hijacking top comment/possibly answering a lot to do with this actual comment. I was the manager/analyst/coach (disbanded recently, after internal/attitude and motivation issues within the team) of one of the top level Oceanic teams (I'm not looking to start a debate on whether this is equivalent to Bronze on Korea and Gold on NA, just the top of my scene.)   My advice for wanting to help out any other team/become any of these positions is to be good at them all. Furthermore, I went as far to write a mock resume of sorts, including the reasons why I'd be a good candidate for the position. This included discussing previous experience/connections with eSports and League, my writing/English skills etc etc. I sent this to a particular team I'd watched play enough in online tournaments and competitions and was friends/acquainted with one of the players.   From there I learnt quickly about all the necessary skills you need to manage a team, things like media managing, social networking, contacting sponsors and scheduling practice. The list continues, but basically this tangent was to suggest that there is a variety of things you'll need to be able to do (from my experience, anyway.)   So
1	This is the defining characteristic of Moba vs MMO games though. If you want to truly have no idea go play World of Warcraft, there's 11 classes. 11 options. That's as large of a pool as can be created where in a free for all melee things are level and there is no tier system it's just fire beats water, water beats leaf, leaf beats fire kind of shit.   If your dislike pokemon gameplay and WoW, then play League of Legends where shit's crazy as fuck, there is tiering, there is OP shit, there is underpowered shit, there is amazing plays, there is sweat under your arms after 40 minutes of turrent siege. If it's too much for you to handle, then go play the game where 0.2s actually doesn't matter because you can just polymorph someone for 8s, then silence them for another 4s, then cyclone them for another 8s, then root them for 3s, then re-polymorph them for 4s and so on and so forth.
1	My problem with building a new passive on Taric is that he's already quite strong.  He was originally designed as a fighter type instead of a support, and while the ult didn't carry over from that idea, the passive did.  It doesn't function in his primary role as a support, but any realistic change to his passive would be a buff, since it's really almost never relevant.  Sans hybrid/bruiser/jungler/non-support items, he doesn't attack fast enough to get regularly relevant cdr on his heal (yes, people get clutch heals sometimes, we're talking consistent help), and the mana he gets back from the hits are kinda pathetic.  The mana regen is even smaller than Kassadin's passive on his dinky little sword buff, and Taric's heal is pretty mana inefficient, considering the more popular healers like Soraka or support Kayle.  Most Taric players smack people for the damage and pretty much get mana only from towers or dragon, because pushing is not worth it and champions are better killed than leeched for mana.
1	Thanks for the comment.   Firstly, the small dash "backwards" only occurs against melee attack so no need to worry about wonkiness of the mechanic.   For the (Edit: original ultimate, it still has very low counter play. Sure, I know you are targetable,hence I said ALMOST untargetable in the first content section but I did ask people to skip that if they can't be bothered so its my fault. Also the enemy deciding where she will end up after it is a counter play but not really the best as the damage still goes through and if she kill and shreds a people or two, during the ulti, its already successful ulti.   For the tenacity, you do have a good point point.   Try reading the ultimate content (3rd section) if you are not too sure from the
0	My favourite occurrence of this is when I was driving my girlfriends car which is only a little 1.0 litre Volkswagen Up.   I pulled off the motorway still doing around 75mph on the first part of the slip road, and an Audi S5 flew past me. Must have been doing 90+.   He hits the lights at the bottom, comes to a stop, edges forward a few feet (I'm still coming down the slip road at this point.) After having gone too far forward he stops, and I can see from the exhausts and slight rattling of the car he's revving it for the quick pull away.   The thing he's failed to notice is that past this set of traffic lights is another set. And past that set of traffic lights is another set. And they're all on red.   However I know that when the lights to the right of our road turn red for the other traffic, there is around a 1 second gap before ours turn green. I also know that if I hold it steady at 40mph going through the first set. The lights at the next set will turn green before I reach them.   I also know that I can then increase my speed to 50mph and the next set will change just before I reach them.   You can probably guess what happens next.   I coast through the first set in the 2nd lane next to him. He floors it. Reaches the 2nd set of lights before me. They're still on red. He comes to a stop. I proceed through that set and pass him at 40mph. He floors it. Up my speed to 50mph. He reaches the final set of traffic lights and stops. I reach the lights as they change and overtake him. He floors it. The lanes narrow down from 1 to 2 with me in front.   [Mfw when he flashes his lights at me like I cut him up.](
1	thats a fucking block of text.
1	I just got confirmed that the coach is framed. This is what's actually happening:   AcFun is a video website that started their league team. They also started doing live streaming on a website called Douyu.tv(OMG's sponsor), which took away a lot of the viewers from prominent streaming websites like YY. However, L.ACE, the organizer of LPL, belongs to Tencent, which is also Riot's stockholder. YY signed a contract with Tencent, and they decided to screw AcFun over by framing the league team.
1	I see a lot of people mentioning that the High ELO players and competitive teams trying this strat are losing a lot, but not acknowledging that there is a team winning. Notice that both sides are using this strat, so even if the player you are watching is losing, that means the other side is winning while using the strat. No one said jungling was bad because they were watching TheOddOne and he lost some games while he was jungling and the other team had jungler.
0	Agreed.   But, I don't think its necessary to blame yourself for something you have no control over. You are biologically programmed to scan for compatible sexual partners for evolutionary purposes. It just so happens that the more attractive a female is, the more likely it is that she will be viewed as a more 'compatible' partner (attractiveness is usually a sign of good health). Now, if you do have attractive female friends, then guess what? Your brain will automatically attempt to inform you that they viable candidates for love-making (baby-making). It does so by locking your eyes onto the visible female body part that would most likely attract your attention - in most cases, boobs. Knowing this, don't fight your desire, but make sure not to stare or be weird about it.
0	Wouldn't make sense? Like how the continuity being completely broken between ED and ED2 such that ED2 was often viewed by fans as a comedic remake of the first, even though it's labeled as a sequel? (I know the continuity was broken for legal reasons, but still the point remains on direct comparison of the films.) That the third movie, which is really only a part two of the 2nd movie and having no relation to the first in storyline, dropped the Evil Dead name altogether and went with Army of Darkness? Calling this latest version of franchise ED3 or ED4 would certainly have made sense, at least to me.   I'll concedte that the storylines are similar, but I won't agree that they are the same. Aside from the characters and their backstories (was that even necessary?) lots of things were changed compared to the first movie, such as the way demons were summoned. I was mostly OK with the changes (except for the changing of the eyes from the traditional milk-white to the orange) because hey, it's schlock horror and it's fun. Remake? Sure, no doubt. But given the timeline, the new cast of characters, and the prescense of the Olds (though that's technically more broken continuity), it can easily be seen as another sequel too.
0	Because just like in any real or perceived subculture, people like to take ownership of really weird and really stupid things so that they can feel special. Nitpicking the origin and purpose of memes like this apparently fulfills that. It's pretty common in any group for there to be a concentration on some social norm that all people should adhere to whether it be clothes, behaviors, or funny captions on dumb pictures. This is all a very surreal but interesting copy of the minor norms that make cliques what they are. Basically it is a bunch of dickhead neckbeards creating social standards to ostracize those who don't belong... and it is hilarious in its irony.
1	The main reason those bots exist is the Refer a Friend system, and Riot has already stated that they will change it so people can no longer do it. Current system has unlimited invites, and gives rewards from IP, rune pages, RP, limited skins and such. The new system will limit invites to 5 people, and the rewards are 1000 per friend on lvl 10, at 3 friends you get a WW (I think it is Grey WW) skin and at 5 you get Medieval Twitch. Since the rewards are way smaller/easier, the bots will likely vanish. These changes should be in effect in less them a month, and this slight increase in bots are probably due to the scumbag exploiters trying to get a bit more out of the system.
0	Rab_Legend said you stopped using "the" 1/2 way through, I was informing him that you actually stopped using it 1/3 of the way through.
1	Sorry, but I think that you're basically discouraging people to play aggressively this way.   I understand that you may be often annoyed by teammates that do overly aggressive things and mess up, because you can see the big "Your Teammate has been killed by his Opponent" message in your screen. But since there is no "Your Teammate failed to make use of a good opportunity" message, you may not be aware of all the times that your teammate was playing overly passive.   Not making use of a good opportunity to, for example, dive a tower is equally as bad as diving it when you should not have. The difference is that it is tough to estimate (particularly for new players) whether you will or will not make the kill, so not-diving is the easy choice (especially when thinking about the flaming that would ensue a bad decision). However, my advice for inexperienced players would be to go for it and dive the tower, if you think that you have a good chance. Sure, you will miscalculate quite some times, but after a while you will get a hang of it. You have to learn to spot a good chance, as well as knowing when to back off.
1	By the far the best way I know to improve elo:     Queue with a friend! This will allow 2 players familiar with each other to coordinate possible ganks, make plays, push towers etc. More synergy than just random 5 players doing what they wish.   Farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm, make sure you last hitting is on point! This is probably one of the most crucial things in the game. Even if you give first blood to your lane, if you beat them in CS you won your lane. 1 Kill = Average of 12~ CS   WARD! If your team isn't warding you better be buying MANY each time you can afford them to back.   Don't rage\argue with your team mates. This really is crucial I've found at the low "elo hell". If a team mate is dying repetitively try and just give them a tip. If they respond with "STFU NOOB" or something of that nature, don't mute them, instead just ignore their tough guy charade.   Finally the biggest influence you can make on a solo queue game is taking a major role. Not saying support, ad carry aren't necessary roles. For example, my friend and myself - I'll take solo top or mid, and he'll jungle. This allows us to coordinate very successful ganks getting myself or him fed which in turn we snowball and snowball well. If I get mid we'll duo gank top, making it a possible 3v1 or we'll take dragon with bot lane etc.     Hope this helps,
1	Well you have to think about some things.     Corki had jsut gotten ot the fight fresh while CLG had no ults left   The 3 near death on WE's side were really only tanks/some dps, while Ezreal was abotu to have his GA popped   Based on Ezreals position, when he came back up he would have been insta killed by Corki/WE   With Ezreal down it would have come down to Oriana to clean up the rest of WE, 2-3 of whom have GA i believe
1	EYE CATCHER   Hey reddit. I'm LagsAlot.  I'm a high diamond level midlane main on EUW.   I  upload things made by myself like  Montages ,  Commentaries ,  little Guides  and some plays by myself. Example : **[Reverse Twisted Fate Outplay](   Come and visit my stuff if you are interested in the things I am doing. I try to upload as many videos per week and I don't have a real schedule but I try to upload atleast 3 videos a week.   Click [ here ]( to see my  1st Midlane Montage  including Nidalee, Yasou and Zed plays and [ here ]( to see my  Nidalee only Montage . [ Here ]( you can see my  Youtube channel  at all.   I wish you a wonderful rest of your life.   Have a nice day.
1	True, however if you have such a low amount of games, it's possible for you to have never played against something before, possible for you to not know how to last hit as well as others. Fact of the mater is if you put someone who has had a bunch more time to learn something against someone who has taken a shortcut, chances are the guy who has had a lot more time will come out ahead.
0	While I cannot comment on accuracy of your guess, as my evidence is purely anecdotal, I disagree. I am pro-life, but I believe it is an individual's right to choose what they do with their own body.   My girlfriend and I became pregnant with our first child three months into dating and half-way through college: we conceived literally the first and only time we did not use protection. We had no income, no house/apartment, and were amassing student debt. At the time, I was living off of my savings from having worked two jobs prior, and had an older car that I had purchased in high-school; suffice it to say that my savings were not enough for us to live off of. The only thing that we had in our favor was that we had discussed, prior to having sex, that we would not consider abortion an option - although I did tell her that I would support her decision (in the event she had a last minute change of heart). Today, we've been happily married for two years; our daughter is turning three soon. We also have a son who will be turning one. He decided to join us to show that appropriate use of condoms (no rips) and the pill (Erinn?) could still be beaten with some luck. My wife wanted me to add that she thinks the pill was influenced by some medication she took around the time of conception (despite the doctor assuring us it wouldn't). Our families have been extremely supportive, and we're doing well.   Of the two other women I know who were pro-life and became pregnant:   K was in her freshman year of college when she became pregnant; she was in a worse financial situation than we were (and with a bastard of an ex-bf who curtly informed her he didn't want anything to do with K or the baby). Without any real support, she had an abortion (claims that it came out as a soupy mess while she was in the tub). As a Catholic, it really hit her hard. Two years later, she ended up getting pregnant by her now-husband; her prior experience resulted in them keeping the baby. They're doing well and have two children.   M is also Catholic and is currently pregnant; she's a recovering addict with mental health issues who has been plagued by abusive boyfriends. Realistically, she cannot care for her child in any way/shape/form, and it's likely that without the support of her current boyfriend, the child would be put in protective services/adopted out. She's had a couple of late-term miscarriages and is intent on cleaning up her act (and relationships) to be a good mother. She's currently in the hospital undergoing voluntary rehab to ween herself off of her prescription medication (for mental health issues); the boyfriend is a recovered addict who has been sober for over a decade (and is fiercely anti-drug). He isn't financially stable, but seems emotionally ready as he's a widower (prior wife/child died in labor). As my wife is her best friend, she's trying to keep her emotionally stable; we hope it works out for them.   As I said earlier, these three examples are purely anecdotal: I listed them only to demonstrate that it is possible to be pro-life in a hard situation. I'm positive that I know women who have had abortions but have kept it a personal matter. In the end, I fully understand how  aggravating it is to watch people force their views upon others - especially when it contradicts that person's freedoms.
1	I hope that if/when they have a server located here in Brazil, they would open the transfer once again. At the current situation, I am not inclined to transfer.   Using Oi/BrTelecom from Porto Alegre (capital of Rio Grande do Sul, 'southest' state on the country), I got a drop of 50ms - barely felt, as my usual ping is around 275ms. On the other hand, friends on the same city experienced drops around 150ms (putting them around 120ms, average)using NETVirtua and GVT. Wich makes me think my ISP use a diferent route, or Riot have not contacted them about the issues.   And adding to the problem, my ISP have a history of bad signal and higher-than-normal latency when connecting to servers off the country.
0	Engaging in Illicit Sexual Conduct in Foreign Places. - Any     United States citizen or alien admitted for permanent residence who     travels in foreign commerce, and engages in any illicit sexual     conduct with another person shall be fined under this title or     imprisoned not more than 30 years, or both."   [Chapter 117, 18 U.S.C. 2423(c)](
0	I live on base so I know quite a few wives and girlfriends. Of all the ones I know, one has cheated, and the rest of us cut her out. We hate it just as much, if not more than the guys because it gives us a terrible name. I can't tell you how many people have told me I would cheat on my husband. And have I? No, because I'm actually a decent human being. Yes, I know. It is crazy those exist.
1	What I've come to notice is that Regi seemingly never accepts that maybe it was his fault but blames it on others like a typical Rageinald. Oh. It was your fault that you didn't ult me that one time as Shen. You should have known. That CLG game. Oh Wildturtle kept getting caught when he dove as a karthus during the nocturne ult. He never admits he's wrong.   As well as he overly thinks he's super important, "Oh. I'm the one who contributes the most to this game. I'm the only one who wants to win this game. My team. They are so hard to work with. I'm playing with a bunch of idiots." It's paraphrasing but he has way too much of an ego. And everyone just can't argue against him because he has control over the team and most likely know that they won't win against him or that it'll contribute anything. Not because he's right but because he's so stubborn.   He's also arguing for the sake of winning instead of just arguing to improve.   Xpecial:  Silent   Reginald: "Are you arguing with me?"
1	I got the same feeling: I'm primarily duoQ'ing with a friend of mine, and we constantly lose one, win one, lose one, win one etc.   Until we had a win streak of about 5, in which we both got promoted (I got promoted to Platinum IV).   He wasn't online for 2 days, so I started playing SoloQ instead. Guess what? Won 2 and got to 42 LP. What happened next is just... :O...   Lost 1 game due to trolling in champ select (banning pre-called champions, not mine though). Lost another game from SUPER toxic players (get **ncer and stuff like that). So I was back down to 0 LP.   Had one more game in which we had 2 premades, flaming constantly for the first 15 minutes. After that, they seemed to have been brainwashed and started talking as if we were a super pro team (really, they were talking as if noone had flamed). Even though it was a it too late (we were 14-33 by that time) and ofcourse lost that game... Resulting in me demoting from Plat IV to Plat V within 3 games in Plat IV...
0	My cousin works at a cafe and her new manager started dealing out of the back.  He also started making completely inappropriate advances toward the female employees.  Everybody was terrified of being fired but finally said something.   You know what the upper management did?  They sat him down and went over every single complaint they'd received with him, including the NAME OF THE EMPLOYEE THAT MADE THAT COMPLAINT.  Then they said they'd make a decision within two days and during that time he'd continue to manage, KNOWING EVERYTHING THAT EVERY EMPLOYEE HAD SAID ABOUT HIM.   It was completely horrible, and my cousin was lucky to have those two days off so she didn't have to be present for it.  Luckily he did end up getting fired.
1	Don't sweat it, man. I'm a fairly decent player and recently made a new account on BR server for ping reasons. You would not believe the amount of flame I get even though I always score positive.   Assholes  People smurfing believe they're incredibly good even though they probably don't get a good grasp on the game yet.   Yes, that includes me and almost every smurf, that's why I never flame and nor should anyone. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game.   [
1	his early game was always a bit tricky vs high mobility people, but what really hurts him early is that the 1000 g augement is much, much less efficient than it was before.  Don't get me wrong, I actually like him more now and I think he's quite a bit better mid to late game, but you can't get that huge 100 ap powerspike and come to lane with 250 ap 14 minutes into the game.  Laser waveclear doesn't pick up until later.  His q is where it's at for laning now though.  The auto attack comes out super fast and he got a range buff on q cast.  Plus shield is instant.  I've been putting 2 or three points into it during laning and it feels pretty strong.  Late game aoe just destroys all.
1	Supports have an important place in a team, through the use of  warding  to secure  map control . This translates to advantages in objective control and strategy execution by abusing the opponents' mistakes.     This intensive warding strategy was started by the  Chinese  and spread to the rest of the world since SWL. Of course, warding is a team choice, but when a support is responsible for 90+% of it, it could be said that warding decisions are the prime factor for determining a good support.   "Big plays" are  not  the reason why those world-class supports are world class. Players like Edward (EU), Madlife (KR) and Lovelin (CN) have earned their respective positions as top-tier supports through  superior warding  to control their games. Of course, Edward stopped playing as excellently since moving to NA, which is stressed below.   Players like Cain get recognized as world-class players for their  warding  and  macro  skills, not the micro ("big plays"). EU players are similar. Although they do make big plays (e.g. Voidle, Krepo), they ward far more, and ward better places than their NA counterparts, and that alone makes their calls  executable  (except for C9 and Vulcun, no NA team can execute things reliably). There is no player in NA to date who does this, since edward does not play like his M5 days.   Your claims of superior laning skill is  misleading , because the DL/Xpecial lane had more practice compared to the Weixiao/Xiaoxiao lane (China did not bootcamp). Also, if anything, Lemonnation is a somewhat  weak  laner by NA standards, so that part of your statement is also moot.   Crescendos that do not hit at least 3 people are generally considered to be  mistakes  in the asian regions, not a "big play" as you say when you refer to bloodwater. A rare example of a one-man crescendo being effective was in OGN spring where a crescendo was saved and used later to zone out Zed for an entire teamfight (but otherwise, multi-hit crescendos are the norm). However, almost all the time, a Crescendo has to hit many people to be borderline successful.   Crescendos would be easier to hit in a region where huge positioning mistakes are made almost every game (sneaky when he threw against Vulcun, Zuna on his Ashe multiple times, Doublelift recently, etc.)   Good thresh players are everywhere.  Lovelin ,  Xiaoxiao ,  Fzzf ,  Voidle  and  Krepo  made many, bigger plays on thresh more reliably.
1	Helping with 5. since you asked What instead of When --  You buy according to what your champ needs. For example, I play a ton of Malzahar, which means my first big item is usually one of three different items (Zhoynas, Rod of Ages, or Morellonomicon) and I determine which item I should go for depending on the enemy composition and my performance early game.  If I'm against an AP burster like Leblanc -- I'm going for Rod of Ages because it gives me health and mana to survive against her all-ins while still being able to pump out some DPS. It's also a great scaling item for mid-late game.  If I'm against an AD burster like Zed, Jayce, or Talon -- I'm going for Zhonyas because the Armor and active are perfect for taking as little damage as possible when they're trying to put down some poke, while also being able to virtually negate their all-ins.  Against almost anyone else (especially sustain mids like Swain or Vlad) -- I'm rushing the Morellonomicon for the mana regen, and healing debuff for mid game objective fights (whether it be sieging an outer turret or a Dragon Fight, the healing debuff is excellent for countering Healing effects during crucial mid game fights).
0	Oh lol.  Just read the
1	Champion  attributes  (even shown in the client) are:     Assassin   Fighter   Mage   Marksman   Support   Tank     As you can see champion attributes are not quite the same as roles, multiple roles can be filled by an attribute and multiple attributes can fit into a role. There is no such attribute as a jungler, but there is the role, for which usually Fighters are best suited, because they have the endurance to tank creep damage but still have the damage output to clear camps. Tanks also work just fine in the jungle but have a slower cleartime. There are also lots of Assassins considered a "jungler" (e.g. Kha'zix). Also ther are supports from classes Mages, Fighters and Supports (lol). What you are talking about is Meta and is often broken by lots of summoners with more or less succes. Of course champions have to be designed according to  some  Meta, that leads to a synergic kit.
1	I don't get to play Nunu anymore because people troll if you don't play him support.  Support Nunu is great and all but saying that's the only way to play him is just plain wrong.  He's insanely fun stacking AP top lane and a lot more of a decent jungler than people give him credit for.  You just need to stay on top of the enemy jungler's movements and never let them have any buffs.  A good jungle Nunu is hell for junglers who want to constantly gank, because there probably wont be any buffs waiting for you when you get back.   Top lane his Q and his  passive gives him vast amounts of sustain, and when the jungler comes to gank his snowball and speed buff can set up easy kills.  He's one of my first pick champions (or at least  was  before people starting complaining when I said I wasn't playing support) in that he's a very safe top lane.  There's a reason top lane Nunu threads keep popping up on Reddit, it's better than people think.
0	I think that is one of the reasons why your early career always has one of these people. They pay crap so they only get screwups and young folks. They also terrorize their employees so people leave as soon as they can.   There is a logic though ( a fucked up kind of logic) that by paying less and getting less experience, they can undercut on bids. Also, they think they are doing the employee a favor by using drill sergeant techniques to toughen them up so they are unphased to customer abuse.   These tactics though mean you have a less valuable product and the next guy that is that employee's boss will have to repair this poor sap, as they will react in the new workplace like an abused dog.
1	I feel kind of dirty by cheering for Vulcun since I really wanted CLG, C9 TSM worlds but omg it feels so good to win O_O
1	I will comment here again with a similar response as I had in one of the Froggen threads.   Being a professional puts you on a pedestal where more is expected of you in terms of both your skill and your etiquette.   Pro players deserve two things from us, a high level of respect for achieving what many of us wish we could but also a high level of scrutiny as the position they have obtained should not be taken lightly.   A professional gamer is essentially the pinnacle representation of gamers. They are the most highly exposed gamers to the public eye as they receive the most public exposure via all forms of press and event coverage.   It is important as a community that the people that represent us to the world act in a way befitting that role. We cannot control their actions nor should we be able to but if a community of individuals impacted by that persons decisions does not like them, they should not hesitate to voice that concern.   On the reverse side there is a lack of respect in voicing those concerns and a childish approach to only exacerbates the problem by creating tension filled emotions on both sides.
0	None of this does anything to argue my point.   If a person cannot speak in a manner that can be readily understood, then the position is not for them.   I am pleased that you have an ear for accents. I do not. I have taken several classes with professors who have thick accents, and my grade suffered for it.   I went to tutoring to pick up the rest and had to struggle hard to keep my grades at/above B level.   I'll say it again;  If I am incapable of effectively and easily communicating with a student who is paying money to be involved in my class, then I should not be teaching the class.   They have decided to take up a job that involves public speaking and smooth communication of lessons. It is their responsibility to do what they can to speak clearly.   Many people do not have the ear to pick apart accents and understand them - furthermore, why am I paying money to miss half the lesson because I can't understand this person?   I understand that some of the burden of understanding must fall to the student, but that's what study is.   You also speak to having spent five years as a student. Many folks do not attend college that long. Many go to two year colleges and just take an office job or something.   Your experiences are your own, and are not definitive proof of everyone's experience.
1	I like to stay out of the cluster fuckage (I lose track of my character ffff) but still want be useful and do damage. I play rather defensively but have found myself thoroughly enjoying faster-paced champs and have been working towards being more ballsy.   I've never tried a melee character (been playing for 2 weeks). I am currently trying Ashe and enjoy her FUCKYOU arrow. I find characters that are slower paced boring (slow movement, slow attacks, long CDs..)   I have already tried: Morgana, Kayle, Twisted Fate (briefly), and Tristana. I have my eye on Annie, Orianna, Vayne, Amumu (try something new), Lux, Akali, Anivia, and Fiddlesticks.
0	This is hardly ever the case.   Society tends to make it so that men drive first. Getting a car for your birthday is more of a patriarchy thing, and it starts there. They become transport. Guys are trained to offer to pay for bills when they're out with women. They're trained to be the one to be out of the room last, or in the life boat last. Guys are trained to put themselves second for women and children.   I'm not saying it's entirely the woman's fault that society puts her in a position of receiver and the man of giver, but that's what we're dealing with. Let us not ignore reality here, please. You're not being genuine and you're belittling the topic when you're not being genuine.   We're clearly discussing when one side acts like a significant other in the hopes of becoming one, while the other acts as a normal, casual friend. It's just common sense the one acting like the significant other is going to make more sacrifices, make themselves free despite having plans if asked, and will shell out more money to make a good time.   We're not talking about a platonic relationship at all, we're talking about an uneven dynamic and you /know/ that but you, personally, are still blaming the victim.   People always say that men are after sex and it is for the sake of busting a nut, that is FUCKING BULLSHIT and I am tired of that sexist crock of shit. They want intimacy all around, hugging, kissing, sex AND BEING LOVED.   It's the systematic characterization, generalization and demonization of the victim which is the exact same fucking way backwards countries treat their rape victims.   Stop the cycle. For the love of whatever the hell it is you worship, stop making excuses for abusers and users.
1	Monte loves the sound of his own voice more than anything. You always have to take that into consideration, and take everything he says with a grain of salt.
1	TBH making efficient use of the stats is better than making efficient use of the spellblade proc. Vi is a good example of a character who can use the spellblade proc well, but she is actually kind of terrible with triforce itself. Attack speed and crit are wasted stats on her, the mana is usually unnecessary, the ap only adds a little damage to her e, while the stats you do use from phage are much lower than the stats you can get from other items.   The movespeed passives are also fairly decent, but she usually doesn't need those either, as vi often runs with chilling smite + randuins along with her q and ult functioning both as gapclosers and cc.. she doesn't have issues sticking.
0	human are the most complex and superior beings in the universe, telling them it's ok to be fat is retard and anyone who does it should be ashamed. “No man has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training. It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable.” - Socrates. also in the matter of the mind, don't let them think it's ok do nothing for life, you're letting them grow with a weak brain.
1	You arent lucky. See bronze is messed up. The people in bronze are sick of being in bronze so they...ok we, have mostly stopped flaming and started trying to be good teammates. Sure our gameplay is weaker but everytime someones flaming and my team starts to mediate, I lolking the flamer and (big shocker here) they're silver V-silver III nine out of ten times.
0	Zimmerman only followed him because the dispatcher asked him to. After they said that was not needed, he turned back for his car then got jumped.
1	Well, in season 2 I had reached 1250~ elo bad suddenly I dropped to 600 elo because of so many afkers, trolls, feeders etc. Anyway, I just waited for the new season patiently and now I am in Silver I with 95 LPs. (
0	You are my hero...   If I ever do speak in front of a group of more than 10 people, I not only stutter, I also move around (like sway back and forth, grab my foot, move my hands, you get the deal), sweat, and (worst of all) stare up to the ceiling, all because I'm afraid of someone laughing, or getting a bad grade, or even messing up...one time I had to do a presentation in eighth grade, I was particularly nervous that day because it was a big presentation about my grandpa serving in the polish army, so I started to move around uncontrollably...this causes the entire class to laugh at me, and I naturally start to laugh as well as stutter...eventually I stammer on to my great grandpa who died in WWII...everyone drops silent except for me, still laughing from earlier, and then I get bashed by the class (who caused me to laugh) for laughing at my great grandpa...
1	Yorick is underplayed, and ive not really seen much of him However, i have played renekton, and even as a bad player back then, i got atleast 1:1 KDs. I can do much better now ^^
0	Of course, this is also when "choose the most correct answer" comes into play, and somehow A was more correct than B, thus, choosing either C or D is wrong.   Yes, it seems blatantly obvious what the teacher intended. It doesn't solve the problem that we're sweating bullets during exams and really rather not have to figure out whether you're fucking with us or just slipped and made a mistake.
1	and don't you have the ability to be just as good a player yourself?"  That's relative, if you have good reaction speeds and have a solid base of knowledge about the game, you'll no doubt be a very good player.   But not everyone has these perks, the average player might only ever get up to plat and never climb higher even with years of playing.  It's like saying "I'll be the next Roger Federer, Messi, or whatever famous sports professional, if I practice enough."  No matter how much time you dedicate to something you'll always reach a point where you just can't improve anymore.  Pro players put the time into their trade and they show it to the community through their plays, we're amateurs who want to get better at a game so we look up to pro players to show us how to do something efficiently.
0	This is doubly true when you're at a traffic-controlled intersection using magnetic loop sensors.  The break in traffic caused by the flow stopping to let someone in can trip the sensor and bring on the red light early.  The exception for me is when I'm coming up to a light that just turned red.  In that case, I'll let someone into traffic in front of me because there's no flow to slow.
1	The way that team functions is weird. Tsm is pretty straight forward. Funnel resources into Bjergsen if their opponent camps him then you have Turtle who can and is able to almost always carry a game. You focus him and Dyrus can even go off. It's like this three headed dragon where even Santorin can pull off shit. Too many threats to neutralize.   Looking at WFX you neutralize POB it's done cause their top is a lost cause and Altec can't carry two losing lanes and a losing jungler. It's like a two headed dog on their end. They need to bring in someone that can hold their own in top or a jungler that can make the other team back pedal.
1	Your autos stretch out to nearby creeps and each grant 1 stack of your W. You can have 1 W passive proc every other auto if you wanted.   Runaan's Caitlyn is also funny, but not great. You can have 1 headshot every other attack if you attack from brush though, but it still helps you proc on-hits.   The downside in both these interactions is the bonus damage from Kennen's W/Cait's innate don't spread; only the base damage spreads to the other targets.
0	No. I just commented on that one so it would be more visible. ITT generally refers to things throughout the thread, and not just the comment it's directly associated with, in case ya didn't know. I will certainly not make the case that drugs are not interesting, I know for a fact that they are.   The problem I have with the naysayers in this thread is that OPs advice is not incorrect. It's referring to a post of a day or so ago of a guy talking about how much more interesting his life was when he was on drugs. That's all well and good, but it doesn't necessarily mean that what OP is saying is wrong. Drugs may make you feel good, pick you up, bring you down, lower inhibitions, what have you; the meat of OP's concept is that those things are generally irrelevant to doing interesting things. Whether you got drunk or high or stayed sober last night, you still had game night with friends, or climbed a tree, or cooked flat noodles for the first time, or met a girl with a cool accent, or had a Mario kart 64 tournament until 4am, or went skinny dipping, or sang your heart out along with show tunes, or sat in your room on your couch or computer and did jack shit. The fact of being under the influence of anything does not change the fact that you did (or didn't) do anything interesting last night, which is what OP was saying. His comment was a critique of the gentleman who "had more fun" when he was on drugs in his life, and OP was suggesting that if drugs were making his life interesting, maybe he should try to do interesting things while sober if he wanted to keep his sobriety. I was merely commenting that everyone bashing him in this thread and being drug addict apologists (because that's who OP was directing his comments toward) has an indefensible argument. If ya did fun things last night or didn't, sobriety is not really relevant. Might you be more inclined to do something out of your comfort zone under the influence? Maybe, but you can still do many many many interesting things without being high.   On the flip side, I drink all the time, and I've tried weed a bunch of times and coke. I am not a hater of drugs. I do believe that certain strong drugs have addictive capabilities, and a good chance of ruining lives (like our pal Philip Seymour Hoffman, anyone? Too soon?), and the thread is full of people bashing me and OP for that. If you want to do interesting things, go fuckin' do them! Don't use drugs as a crutch or excuse.
0	There's something about Columbus, OH's Police Department that is totally awesome.   When I was about 19 years old, I went down to see my football coach with a couple of my friends and my sister.. My football coach had just moved down to a high school near C-Bus. He decided to take us to dinner and we followed him into the city, parked our cars, and went to Cane's Chicken and ate a ton and literally spent hours reminiscing about high school... By coincidence a couple of his other former students who went to Ohio State was walking by and joined us, and carried on the conversation. A few hours pass and we go back to our cars and they are gone.   My football coach was a former nose tackle for Syracuse and played with Donovan McNabb. He was a real big, strong guy.. and when our cars were missing I had never seen him get so mad in my life.   Most of the men in my family are / were police officers in the Cleveland area, and I donate my time to Ohio's FOP, so I am extremely comfortable talking with police (which has proven to be a very good and very bad thing at the same time...) -- Anyway, I went up to a police officer writing an accident report that was literally a street away and told the officer that I thought our cars were stolen. He told me that he would be over in a minute and that they were probably towed, not stolen.   He walks over, asks to see some ID, I told him about coming from a family full of police officers, and he told me and my football coach to get in the back of the cruiser and he would take us to get our cars because the impound lot was in a very bad area.   The officer actually walked in with us, shook our hands and took off once we got our cars. I never really got to thank him or got his name, but it was truly an awesome experience.
1	I think what's trying to be said is:   The Korean teams have more professionalism during tournaments. Where professionalism is required. (I'm not saying confidence is a bad thing, CLG as my prime example, confidence is great, but over confidence will be your downfall.) However in Solo Queue streams, it's good to sit back and have fun, call people out and have a laugh.   Honestly, watching the Azubu Blaze Match was one of the most fun tournament games I've watched in a long time. But I'd rather watch Scarra or Phantoml0rd stream, they have fun and make me laugh (2 examples, I know there are a ton more).
0	Mayweather has been #1 for a long time. Pac has never really been #1. If you really scrutinize the fights, the weights and the times, Pac has fought the far more inferior competition. There is a large filipino market that purchases boxing and is willing to spend $$ - only if Pac is at the top. Moves are made to falsely market him as a top fighter even though he is 3 fights removed from being knocked completely unconscious by a much smaller fighter. Of course, all of his fans dont acknowledge this, turn a blind eye to Pacs steroid allegations and continue to tout him as #2 falsely. This is really justa circus at this point. A 38 year old Mayweather is nowhere near prime. A KO'd Pac is not prime. This is a fight between two non prime fighters, so for a real boxing fan this is Ho Hum. To the casual Filipino, this is the superbowl.
1	You lose every lane cause adcs are weak? You also play against adc which is skill matchup,
