0	What are the causal effects of breastfeeding on IQ, obesity and blood pressure? Evidence from comparing high-income with middle-income cohorts](   "Conclusion: While reported associations of breastfeeding with child BP and BMI are likely to reflect residual confounding,  breastfeeding may have causal effects on IQ ."   [Early life predictors of childhood intelligence: findings from the Mater-University study of pregnancy and its outcomes](   "In multivariable analyses, the strongest and most robust predictors of intelligence were family income, parental education  and breast feeding , with these three variables explaining  7.5% of the variation in intelligence  at age 14."   [Breastfeeding and Later Cognitive and Academic Outcomes](   "Increasing  duration of breastfeeding  was associated with consistent and statistically  significant increases  in 1)  intelligence quotient  assessed at ages 8 and 9 years; 2) reading comprehension, mathematical ability, and scholastic ability assessed during the period from 10 to 13 years; 3) teacher ratings of reading and mathematics assessed at 8 and 12 years; and 4) higher levels of attainment in school leaving examinations. Children who were  breastfed for ≥8 months  had mean test scores that were  between 0.35 and 0.59 SD units higher  than children who were bottle-fed."
1	You may be looking at it from the wrong perspective. Riot is currently unsatisfied with the state of invisible heroes like Eve because they change the way the entire game works without necessarily even being remotely close to fights. Since you have chosen to use Evelyn, it is correct to abuse this mechanic.   With other junglers your are required to "make the gank happen" (i.e. blow a ghost/flash then CC someone who is not necessarily very far out of position, then win a fight 2v1, 3v2 etc.) but with Evelyn this is not required. I suggest you spend as much time as possible while jungling simply watching the lanes and trying to figure out timings where the opposing team pulls themselves out of position, then punish them for it. Put a couple points into your stealth so you don't have to worry about duration and be patient about allowing the other team to make a mistake by going in for a last hit or trying to be too aggressive.
1	The important thing to remember when you roam is that the point of roaming is not necessarily to get kills, but to create map pressure. Exerting map pressure well as a mid laner happens to generate kills, as it puts  all  lanes in a position they do not want to be in (ie: unaware of your position).   For example, roaming does not always mean moving to top or bot lane. If you are able to push the enemy midlaner to turret and leave the lane, you create options for yourself. If you can trick a mid laner into walking into brush where you are waiting with a full damage combo, you put some apprehension in him following you to roam. If you decide to roam bot lane, you create a kill opportunity. Roam into his wraiths if you spot the enemy jungler bot or top lane as you push.
1	I won a game and was excited about getting to a promo series ... ended up with 90 rating (had 78 before) so not that bad.   Another win later I got 4 points.  The next win I got 2 points.  The next win I got 1 point.  Last win in my streak another single point.  Now I'm sitting at 98 and thought well one more game and I surely have it ... but I lost 6 points instead and lost the following game for another 10 points.   Apparently my hidden ELO or whatever they use wasn't ready for me to go to gold5.  This was crushing any motivation I had playing ranked as you can surely tell.  The fact that I went 7-0 in my placement games and ending 7-3 and getting placed silver1 didn't help either.
0	Yeah, I feel like if more people had been like the Founding Fathers since the founding of the US, there would have been crazy ass revolution, bloodshed, and regime change every few decades. Think about it; the Founding Fathers were BRITISH COLONISTS, who got upset over Britain establishing too much control....over one of their COLONIES. These people were British, living on land that, to everyone but the Native Americans, was essentially Britain. Getting upset over the Quartering Act would be like a Hawaiian getting upset over giving quarter to a Marine, if we still did that sort of thing.
1	you know the entire problem here is. speaking as a 1500 player (which tbh isn't that good) when riot changed it to give rewards with top rating instead of current rating, the problem started. I mean what possessed riot do to this. the entire point of elo is to judge your skill level. if you reach a maximum elo then you start lose games that means you /don't/ belong there. soft resetting people in relation to their maximum elo is not going to help matchmaking's true balance. i.e if they were once 1300 but they lost games till 1000. they didn't deserve 1300. because if your true elo was 1300 you'd be able on average to /win/ enough games to regain that elo.  also, after people get to 1500 they start trolling. every third match there is some guy who says "i'm locked in at 1700 its k i play ad sion top i got dis" if they get boosted its even worse. its ruining matchmaking as people just don't take ranked seriously after they get 'locked in' at a top elo.
0	It could be worse, buddy!  I mean, a little hair around the nipple?  Super quick waxing and you don't have to worry about it for at least a week....   You're lucky.  I am the hairiest person I know, by a wide margin.  I'm more hairy than my father, and I'm a damn woman.  It's THE WORST.  If I want to shave all my body hair (as is usually expected) it takes me like and hour and a half in the shower.  Then I have to cover my ENTIRE body in lotion every day so I don't get razor burn, and MAYBE I'll be lucky enough not to get an ingrown hair or three, but it's unlikely.   To top that off, I also have to pluck the hairs all over my face.  The eyebrows have to be shaped, but I also have to get rid of the DARK BEARD HAIRS that pop up on my chin.  Every. Single. Day. Every day, OP.  Every freaking day.  Plucking and plucking... It's madness.
0	Yes!!! Thank you! I have a female friend who has been complaining on Facebook about not being able to get a job. So one of her statuses popped up saying "I can't seem to find a job. I' thinking about joining the army". Now I kind of care about this girl so I told her it was a bad choice because of her obvious intentions of joining. I told her that's not a very good reason to join. But her right-wing buddies commented on her status congratulating her and encouraging her hasty decision and giving me shit as well for what I said. One person even told me, "that's not a bad reason to join. A lot of people join because they need the money." What?! No. I would be proud to fight for my country if needed. But I'm not going to make it a "job". She ended up not going and found a job.
0	I'm one of those people who say that, and every time I hurt someone I feel terrible. I don't think it's a huge problem in my life because I am productive and generally happy on my own, but I don't have the basic skills to be in a relationship long term.   This is just something I'm working out as I grow in life, and I prefer to tell people ahead of time that I'm a very volatile personality when people get close to me, that I'm extremely introverted and non-committal, that I don't subscribe to traditional roles or structures that society trains us to follow. I like to experience life and when I start to feel stagnant I summon change. I hate the idea of seeing the same people every day, waking up at the same time in the same bed, or eating the same food.   Some people think that to be a call to arms, or that I need rescuing, or that I'm looking for that woman who's gonna do a montage and make me into a better man. Live your life, and let people live theirs, don't try to change people because humans are elusive creatures of habit and you'll spend your life chasing smoke as you get older and older.   My MO is just not to engage in anything that has a subtext of "let's start something together". It takes so much energy out of me and in the end I always leave with a little piece of myself missing.
1	I main mid lane and I play Diana, but I've seen top lane bruiser Diana and Jungle Diana. You shouldnt be asking for her kit to be inclined towards 1 aspect of her, people play her in different roles because of her kit being to confusing as to what she really is. But I would hate to have Diana mid taken away, I would completely lose my main champion just because people think she was meant to be a jungler.   I agree her lanning phase sucks and she needs some good buffs/changes, but these changes should make her playable in all the roles shes played in, pretty much like Riven would (I play mid Riven) but there's jungle Riven as seen in the Korean meta and there's the original Top lane Riven.   Here's some ideas (Ofc I will be inclined with Asssassin Diana, I play Mid lane) What if her R didn't consume the other Q marks she landed? that would make her skillcap as well as her mobility in teamfights better. Also I agree with swapping E with R, what if her new E became a targeted dash to enemies, but can also be used as a non-skillshot dash when used to escape, but if you did that it would go on cooldown.   What if her new R (Which is now her E) gave her resistances accordingly to how many champs she pulled in? What if it also did damage? That would make her bursty and a pretty good assassin in her own criteria as a melee AP assassin with high mobility and teamfighting pressence, not just assassinations.   I agree her sustain issues have to be revisited as well, her Q needs to be stronger too since its her farming tool most of the time, she will get denied a lot in lane.   I dont hate other people who play Diana in other roles, but to me really shes an AP assassin and should be played Mid, thats what makes her appealing to me and I would hate seeing her being 0% viable in mid, shes already not viable as a champion. Hence why you will never see her in competitive play.
0	Not really.. personally I would wait until after dinner to bring it up as well, no need to potentially make a scene. It would probably be hard to hide my emotions though qnd my SO would feel the awkwardness just as OP did.
1	NALAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG GG RITO PLZ
1	I think your friends are an absolute minority from /r/starcraft. I've been following starcraft since 2+years and I can tell you that most of them would sell their sisters to a sex dealer if it could make deezer's life miserable.   Players are role models and mostly in SC2 if any of them missbehave, they will get punished by their team strongly.  Hell, saying gl hf at the start of a proleague match is enough for you to get kicked out of the tournament.
0	Came here to find the age of said sister. Sounds at most under 18 and likely less than 15.  So my comment would be 'Calm the fuck down'. The dog is not psychologically scarred in any way. The dumb shit you do when you start to figure out what feels good around your crotch would be embarrassing for anyone.  There is an extremely small likelihood this will continue as a regular practice for her.  You seem as though you're quite young yourself so I'll tell you as you get older get ready to discover that Every. One. You. Know. Or. Will. Meet. is into something that someone else would consider Taboo. They most likely don't involve animals, but they all have some  thing  they get off on/to.  Maybe consider being a loving older sister she can GO to with questions who won't JUDGE her based on some ignorant code of morals.
0	Everyone wants the other side of the fence.   Every unattached person will tell you how lonely it is being single and how they'd gladly give up freedom for companionship.   Every married or long-term-relationship person will tell you they miss the freedom and solitude.
0	I feel like ADD/ADHD is over diagnosed and it's the result of shitty parents who have their kids watching TV/playing games as their only source of stimulation as opposed to forcing them to go outside and expend all that's energy.
1	Does anyone ever sit back and think about all the things Riot is doing instead of complaining about how they don't fix anything? Right now they are making new champions, skins, working on bug fixes and coming up with the newest patch, at Gamescon doing the Wildcard, working on getting things set up for each of the LCS playoffs, working on figuring out Worlds, and who else knows what. There are lots of things Riot does that we don't know about.   Lag is a pretty big problem, but you also have to think about the amount of people that play this game on a daily basis now. I believe League is now the biggest game worldwide. The lag could not even be because of Riot, we had it over on NA if you had certain internet providers. After they looked into it it wasn't even them. So don't jump on Riot and blame them first.
1	Hi Reddit,   This is SeasonsCall here with a post directed to the lower elo community (silver-bronze) about understanding the assassin class.   You may remember me from a post a while back about how I managed to get into Diamond (im still stuck btw lol). But even if I have trouble climbing the ladder, after recieving a lot of positive feedback from my article I thought I would try to contribute more to the League community by writing more content.   So if you guys have any legitimate constructive criticism, lay it on me. If there is anything you guys want to see then let me know and I will try to create it. Any likes or dislikes about how this is written are things I would like to know so I can improve the quality of my future content.   Thanks   SeasonsCall
0	Doesn't bring as much entertainment or value to reddit as OC would. And that's why there's an argument. If we're so complacent that we let reposting happen, then reddit will eventually be so recycled and lacking of real content that it will go the way of every failed content farm before it. Maybe all the users will leave reddit for 9gag.
0	I hate to say it but im going to call bullshit.  Ups drivers have it made with they amount of money and overtime they get and its incredibly hard to get the driver position.   As for drugs they screen you constantly.   Reference: was shipping clerk
1	play more games.  since you're not a troll, you have a 20% lowered likelihood to encounter one every game you play. if you duo, it goes up to 40% reduced likelihood.  given enough data points, this advantage will add up over time and result in more wins.     be nice and encourage everyone.  some people don't go into games specifically to troll.  instead they go in and quickly get down 0/2/0 and their team yells at them.  then they say "fuck it" and proceed to troll.  this way they can feel better about themselves when they lose because they "trolled and didn't try hard".     if you do 1 and 2 and you're still in ~1000 Elo, you belong there.  accept it and move on.
1	As a support who usually ends up shouldering the responsibility for warding the entire map, I second this not so much as a shaming tool, but just to keep track of utility. I like to evaluate my play after games and since warding is one of my primary responsibilities, it would be helpful to see this especially comparing it to the enemy jungler or support. "Wow, that enemy Taric had twice as many wards as I did! No wonder they seemed to gank us everywhere."   As a suggestion, perhaps show this at the end of the game where the other stats are normally posted. That way you can cut down on in-game flaming (though it's pretty obvious in-game when you don't ward).   As an example, I like how Elobuff records wards placed and includes a difference for sightwards and regular wards. I think Wards bought isn't that informative. I've had a few games with a support will buy a ward and it will sit in their inventory the whole game. If it isn't placed, it isn't useful.   Number of wards destroyed would also be great. Let you know just how awesome that oracle's was and that the gold spent was worth.   As for those concerned about spamming wards...well, I don't see how that is an issue. You can inflate any other stat score the same way. If someone is ward spamming by fountain, that is a troll issue like someone who insists on inappropriately creep farming while everyone else is involved in teamfighting. Having the highest ward count also shouldn't be something people should be seriously competing for. Quality placement, not quantity placement.
0	I worked in a restaurant a few years back with this guy named Jeff.  Now, Jeff knew a little bit of Spanish, but mostly just the kind of words that he heard all the Mexican kids yelling in PE and whatnot.  So one day, all the Hispanics working in the kitchen of the restaurant were completely riled up about something and kept saying stuff like "El jefe es un idiota!" (except their words were a bit more vulgar).  Of course, my friend Jeff thought they were talking about him and got so fucking pissed off until finally he exploded and was like "I know what you fucking guys are saying!"  It took a minute for the kitchen staff to realize what the hell he was pissed about, but then they just started cracking up.  He never really lived that one down.
0	My girlfriend is like this too. I started feeling bad when I would finish and she wouldn't. So I started making sure I got her off at least once before the proper fucking began.   It was like night and day difference. If I finger her to orgasm before we start fucking, on occasion she has cum like 2 or 3 more times during the sex. But if we just start fucking right away, the same technique, the same stuff, it takes her FOREVER.
0	You may need to learn how to convey your views a little better to someone that doesn't share them.   Yeah, however sometimes it is their problem not mine. I base a lot of my reasoning on the philosophy behind proper hypothesis testing for example. I've tried to help some really smart folks help undergrads in chemical engineering understand proper statistical and probabilistic reasoning and it doesn't work the greatest. Pretty much everyone seems to hate statistics and even the dumbest of those kids is typically much smarter than the average non-engineer. This helps lead folks to make shitty inferences from insignificant experience or a complete lack thereof.   >Many of my friends enjoy asking my perspective on things because they understand that I usually have a different take than the tv will give. Try not to sound like such a douche and maybe they won't think you are a psychopath.   Most of my friends recognize I am smart and have had different experiences than they've had, like getting victimized by some stupid mexicans in a wanna be gang and re-victimized by the cops shortly after. I think their biggest problem is the different take than TV. They like the TV. The warm safety of its political correctness is comforting I think. They freak out when I am cool killing people not just to protect my life, but my liberty or property as well. For example, allegedly my TV shouldn't be worth more than some evil jackasses life. Even if I am tactful and explain how life, liberty, and property are interconnected, that without one of the three the other two are meaningless, it doesn't matter. Even if I refrain from talking about how I'd shoot the bad guy stealing my TV in the head and skull fuck the brain hole, it doesn't matter.
0	When I was in the position OP was, my boss came over and just straight up told me that they weren't going to give me a raise.  I don't mind you not addressing it if I haven't, but it's insulting as fuck to have someone tell you they fired the other IT guy who made more money than me, weren't hiring anyone else to fill his position, AND they weren't going to pay me more.   I told him that I'd do the same quality job I'd been doing to the best of my ability, but if I couldn't get to something at one of our 14 offices that day, it would have to wait until the next.   I worked in a Real Estate related field, and all of the branch managers were women, whose branch was more important than every other office.  It was funny when they'd call and try to get mad at me because I hadn't made it to their office yet, and I'd just forward them to my boss.  Let him tell them their office is #10 of 14, and that there's something wrong at the #2 office that's more important.  He'd just fucking lie to them though, but I didn't have to.  When the distance between the two farthest apart offices is 60 miles, it can take me a while to get to you.   After I left (albeit unrelated to the above), they moved the servers to a corporate office so the local IT team didn't have to do anything with them, and my replacement made more than me with less experience, and they let the fucker work from home.  I miss the money and mostly easy job, but I don't miss that BS.  I hated politics, and since I was the IT manager, I had to play the game sometimes.  I sucked at it because everyone else had been there 20 years+ and even when it came to IT decisions, they asked my boss who had to call me to ask how to log people out of the Citrix Management Console FFS.
1	This is precisely the problem with him. I was playing in a 5 man with some newer level 30's. I was being camped top and was repeatedly dying because I was just gung-ho zerging and playing terribly - I was still outfarming their team so I decided that if I just kept 2 players busy top, keeping more farm than them, my deaths would be worthless. Come 20 minutes in and I go from x - 10 - x to 11 - 10 - x and snowball carry.
1	As good as that might seem for you, sit-ups are really bad for your back and the push-ups... if you play as much LoL as I do, your arms are going to be tired as fuck after like 3 days...   You should do muscle build up one day, cardio the other, or something along those lines. Doing 100 + push-ups a day is REALLY not the smartest idea.   Also, how muscle grows is that it tears whilst you work out, and then when it grows back it grows back larger and stronger. If you don't give your body a rest, it will continue to tear and you could do some serious injury to yourself.
0	I was really sick during my first few week in Basic Training I knew there was a lot of mucus but I couldn't get it out no matter how much I blew, I felt like I was going to die. I went to sick call a few times but nothing helped. The 2nd week we had to go through the gas chamber and when I breathed in the tear gas, I instantly felt the snot dripping out and when I blew, this clear and green comes shooting out to the ground and I instantly felt so much better. Way better than any cold medicine.
1	With that mindset, you won't get far. Saving your teammate means that the opposing team won't get a kill and the game isn't only your 1v1 top, it will eventually lead to the team fights where that mid who got the kill and snowballed because you were selfish can melt you. I remember having teammates with global ults that could have saved me or some of the other teammates but who refused to do so, just because they said that they are saving them for themselves. I simply hated them.
1	I think Shyvana is fine, If anything her playstyle is making her weak (In this meta atleast) realistically speaking almost every in meta top laner can kite the mess out of her and be waaaay more impactful throughout the game (LuLu and Ryze) and if its not champions beating her through kiting in lane, Champions like Maokai and Mundo are much better in meta picks and provide more utility to a team comp, Maokai beacuse, well you know pressing R..... , and Mundo beacuase of his disengage and his pick off perma slow Q
1	On a lower tier of play yes they are the same but when you get into the nitty gritty of mechanics they are very very different.   Graves is tanky with his passive and has a better time in the fray, denies you vision with his utility.  Lucian is mean to go in, then out, then back in again, then to the side, then back out and ult you to death utilizing the movement speed from his utility to keep him safe rather than straight up mitigating damage
0	You mean welcome to working with any group of people who abuse a system that is intended to reduce abuse. If this shit keeps happening then the union isn't adhering to its principles, employees are getting shafted. Any manager or union boss worth their salt would deny her request and make a special exemption case for a planned and paid for wedding. This is obviously favoritism at play, something you find in ALL jobs, not just union ones.
1	I think an in-game player analysis would be quite cool.  Picking one dominating player out of a matchup and analyse why he dominated that game, and what went wrong fro the losing team and so on. Just my thought on it, I don't really know, if this is what you guys are looking for.
1	I don't have any objection to having people take kills I would be confident I could get at the time, so long as the team gets it I am fine with it. Having said this I always make sure to say 'Sorry for ks' If it is very obvious that I have done the killing blow on an enemy that a team mate would have got even if I wasn't there because they simply deserve the recognition that they put the effort in. Be that as it may about 2 days ago I was playing as Xerath in mid now as many other Xerath players will tell you he a lot of damage and a fair amount of utility with his range but he is not really a mage duelist unlike champions such as Ahri, Vladamir or Kennen (to name a few) In this game we had a jungle Hecarim who was nearing legendary and myself and him found ourselves in mid lane agaist 3-4 if I remember correctly we had great poke and slowly drained their health but my Hecarim was low himself so Each time one of them jumped him I did my combo and managed to fend them off to the point where it was time for me to clean up as he went to recall but when I tried to he just kept coming back with his E and dealing the killing blow to the point where I said to him 'come on man at least let me have one don't KS like that' he ignored me and recalled, this frustrated me because he was legendary and I was on about 5 kills or so and I felt like my hard work was just not being appreciated and in the lobby when I said (in a jokey way) 'Hecarim why did you ks so much?' and he replied 'stop cry kid its game' This really wound me up because you bust your ass to help your team and they thank you like that so yeah KS'ing can be frustrating at times.
1	The season 3 championship ward was limited edition so won't be coming back. As for a season 4 ward, they haven't released the championship skin yet so  if  there is one I'd expect it to come out the same time as the skin.
1	It wasn't the double AP comp, it was just the combination of champs they picked. They had ok disengage and decent pick potential with an awful teamfight. The combination of champs had 0 synergy. Their only decent chance would have been sieging, but that doesn't work vs a team with such solid hard engage.
0	Most people can think back to those one or two teachers they had that really opened their eyes and made them realize their potential.   Now think about all of the teachers you've ever had (hint: it's probably higher than 40 in a standard US education). That means that 38 out of your 40 teachers were either forgettable or outright terrible.   Now that we've established that the vast majority of teachers aren't life-changers (which logically just made sense to begin with) we can come to the realization that many kids never had a good teacher throughout their entire academic career.
1	You mean like 5 years ago when they first released the game and already knew that the languages they created the game and client on was out-dated.
1	Kind of piggybacking off of the idea with a question regarding shotcalling -   So in my team I think that we would really benefit from a shot caller because our communication is absolutely terrible, everyone yelling etc. The problem is, of the 5 people we have:   myself (mid) , I constantly watch streams and practice new things, all 4 agree that I'm the best all around and could play all but top in the team. because of this, i think that i'd be the best shot caller   a friend that's very angry however once he gets into top lane he's awesome in the 1v1. he's on a very high level of play with 2 champions - darius and garen. he doesn't play garen in ranked 5s and feels the need to take every kill with darius ult. he won't learn new people for more than one game, always goes back to darius. is in complete opposition to me being shot caller   our ADC is very calm and thinks I should be caller, really just been working on cs with lots of champs has been his thing   our support is indecisive and hardly talks, if he does it's hard to understand (MID MID MID = their adc is half hp and we can't see him.) he won't give input on who should be the shot caller for fear of the solotop or myself getting pissed at him (he does this with a lot, victimizes himself irl a lot)   our jungler hardly talks, doesn't say anything about what he can improve though he knows that he needs to improve.   So I've got this - if we go for straight democracy I'll be noted as caller, but our solotop will flip shit. what way of determining caller do you think we should use?   god, that was a wall of text.
1	I am not familiar if /u/RiotMagus are responsible for the twitch stream but can you please add in filler segments for every bo5 match that is played so that we don´t get spoiled by the remaining streamtime of the twitch stream?   What I mean is if a team leads 2-0 in a bo5 and the stream ends in 50 minutes then I know it will be a 3-0. Just prolong the twitch stream for each missing bo5 game by around 1 hour and show us some great replays/interviews/ads or a countdown until the next stream starts. Literally showing anything works but  please don´t stop the stream directly after the last game if it was not 5 games played .   I don´t watch them live because then I miss things when I make a pause for bathroom/cigarette/eating etc. I also cannot watch a good play 2 or 3 times in a row without missing anything. That is why I don´t like watching it live.   I wanna watch the games quasi live on twitch.   By that I mean I turn in 30 minutes later into the twitch vods and can pause at any point. And when I have to make a longer break I can watch from the same point in time when I come back.   Youtube has the same where I can pause the live stream but this live stream gets deleted once it is finished (or shortly after) and I cannot continue to watch the stream after it is deleted obviously.   The lolesport vods are not on the fly like watching the stream with 30-1h delay most of the time so it is not a solution either.
1	Sorry im just tried of seeing people say his passive is bad, it seems like they just repeat what other people say rather than looking into it.   To put this into prespective...   His abilities with fury do aprox twice as much damage.   He gets 5 fury every auto attack and fury for every ability used, during his ult he gains 5 fury  per second , combined with with his autoattacks and abilities, this is a huge amount.   Now his passive lets him gain 50% fury when under half health from  ALL SOURCES . This means 10 fury per autoattack, 10 fury per second, double fury for every non fury ability used.   It is very deceptive as it is one of the biggest damage steroids in the game, and an excellent bait tool.
0	It's not easy at first, but it'll come with time and practice.   As meaningless as small talk can be, it's important to show interest. Think of the way you interact with friends, family, people you know. Just listen to them speak, speak how you feel, and be yourself. The biggest thing I've noticed is small talk leads to bigger, meaningful discussions. That may not always be true, but when you truly begin to understand the way a person feels, and the way their mind works there is no feeling I've ever found that equals it.   But I digress, to effectively make small talk you can do a plethora of things. This is generally how I strike up an interesting conversation:     The good ol' "how are you?" is a classic, but hardly ever equates to any form of conversation beyond "Fine, you?" At which point you offer your own reply and the conversation has to be carried by you once again. Still a useful way of opening up communication.        Introduce yourself, and allow them to do the same.        Follow it up by asking almost anything you do not know about them (within reason of course). Depending on age range it may be what they study, hobbies, taste in music, job, where they're from, the list is endlist. Just don't be overbearing. This is by far my favorite and it really makes an impression that opens the door to other conversation down the road.     I generally ask these beginning questions which, more often than not, lead to whole other conversations:     Are you from around here or somewhere else? (I live in a college town so many people move here)     Do you go to college here? If yes, What are you majoring in? If no, downplay the fact that you've asked that they may be ashamed that they aren't and change subject       -If they mention a job, I may ask them about how they enjoy it, or how long have they been doing it.     From here I'll talk about music, hobbies, all the usual stuff.       If you ever find someone who shares common ideas/hobbies/interest as you try to keep those commonalities in the foreground of the conversation. This will make time pass before you know it (if that is your main goal), but being genuinely interested in the conversation shows the other party of this interaction that you are not viewing them simply as another face, but as another person.      So next time you're at the store, the gas station, wherever it is you go, ask that older woman behind the counter how she has been today, give that person you make eye contact with a simple smile and a tip of the head, just let those people know you acknowledge their existence. It's not hard to do and it may make all the difference in the world to that person.   At the end of the day we all want to feel human, and that is something I believe we all deserve. Through even the smallest interaction you may give that person that feeling of humanity, and you may gain it for yourself.
1	Top - usually tanks (Gnar, Maokai) or AP mage (Lissandra, Rumble)   Jungle - either earlygame based jungler, that snowballs other lanes with his huge damage earlygame (Lee Sin, Rek Sai) or utility tank (Sejuani, Zac) that shines in lategame.   Mid - mostly AP sustain damage (Orianna, Ziggs) or AP burst mages (Annie, Viktor etc.) or assassins (Zed, Katarina, LeBlanc). Most of mids stay by their supports and marksmans to peel each other, but assassins need to damage enemy backline.   ADC - physical damage carries, super squishy but he's main source of damage (Lucian, Graves, Caitlyn)   Support - adc's support (Thresh, Janna, Nami). He controls vision and makes plays by catching enemies, by engaging teamfights etc.   I'm mid main so I can tell you that mid is mostly about outfarming, outplaying (killing) and outroaming your opponent. The best champions right now are: Zed, Xerath, Ahri, LeBlanc, Viktor, Katarina, Annie (random order)   Laning phase takes place from start to about 10 or 20 minutes (really depends on how lanes are going and roaming). After that teams should be focused on taking objectives (Towers, Dragons, Baron;   Towers give map control and global gold,   Dragons give permament stacks, that gives you combat/movement/pushing stats (taking dragons is really good, because it pays off in lategame), but give no gold.   Baron gives same gold as 2 towers to everyone on team and gives a buff to everyone on team that gives you 40ap/40ad and faster recalling (4sec instead of 8sec) AND aura that makes your minions faster and stronger, but only when someone with baron buff is in range.
1	I think you greatly overestimate the increased damage from pen. If I may:   With a flat penetration value the absolute highest damage increase possible happens if the target has exactly the same resist value as you have pen. For example if you have 30 mpen then the absolute highest damage increase possible will occur if your target has a maximum of 30 MR. The damage increase will be 30% in this case. If you have 30 mpen and 20 reduction from abyssal and your target has 50 MR then your damage increase will be 50%.   The above is, as I said, a BEST case scenario. If you don't penetrate all of a target's resists then you're left with less than a 1:1 % damage increase. If you walk into lane and gank a target with 40 armor on darius, speccing 0/9/21 just because you feel like eating biscuits and moving fast, then the damage you lose because of the no 8% ArP is fairly low on targets that don't have heaps of armor yet.   Comparing the damage between 8% pen and no pen on a target with 40 armor:   8% of 40 = 3.2   The formula of   1 + [ .01x ] * [ 100 / ( 100 + y ) ] x is the amount of mitigation you are penetrating. y is the amount of mitigation you aren't penetrating.    can be used to calculate the damage output.   So in the case of 8% on someone with 40 of the same resist type (3.2 pen) , the damage increase will be   1 + [ .01(3.2) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 36.8) ]     = 1.023    That is a 2.3% damage increase from the 8% pen on that target.   Using another example on a jungler that would usually take AS and not have pen (such as Maokai). Let's say the target has 40 armor and 38 MR, since they took armor yellows and per level blues and are level 3 or so and then use these values to calculate the difference between having pen and not having pen. 8% of both types of pen with hybrid marks vs no pen at all (ignoring the very slight increase of AD and AP you'll get at these early levels).   First, 8% of 40 and 8% of 38 are 3.2 and 3.04 respectively. Add in .9x9 ArP and .61x9 Mpen from the hybrid pen marks and that makes 11.3 ArP and 8.53 Mpen. Using the same formula (ArP calculations first):   1 + [ .01(11.3) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 28.7) ] = 1.083  1 + [ .01(8.53) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 29.47) ] = 1.066    That's 8.3% extra damage on all your physical damage (auto attacks for maokai) and 6.6% extra damage on all your magic damage (all abilities for maokai). Basically you probably do a lot more damage than you think without pen :D
0	yeah, every single time I've been in this situation, I've not been laughing and gleeful about it with girlfriends. This situation usually makes me feel like a deer in headlights because it's awkward. I think the best thing to do is just say 'I have a boyfriend' because when I don't say that there have been occasions where guys want to keep trying to convince me. Isn't 'I have a boyfriend' direct and honest enough?
1	Compared to popular tournament bruiser picks like Jax and Irelia he does not do shit in team fights. He can clear up well, if he gets in range to ult repeatedly. But then again Jax paired with your AD carry would've done the same without any problems whatsoever. Only that it would be a double kill for Jax and a triple kill for Vayne - for example.   His laning phase is pretty strong, but his Q harass forces him to push 24/7 and as a result he is one of the easiest gank targets in the game. No escape, no natural tankiness, always pushing. Ironically champions who outpush him and thereby outlevel him  him win lange against him very convincingly, because he can't win trades when he is a level behind. Think of Cho'gath and Yorick.   I am a bit sick of all these "ZOMFG DARIUS SO OP!"-posts, because he really isn't. People complain that his skill set is just perfect and way too strong. Perfect for what? No gap closer, very short ranged hook, mediocre slow, kill secure ability that will keep your AD carry from getting fed. The type of bruiser that has proven itself in high elo and tournament play and that is the most fitting for the current meta is an assassin type with natural tankiness a long ranged gap closer on a very short cooldown and some form of hard CC. Jax and Irelia are basically the perfect example. Darius is completely different and his skill set has way too many flaws to make him a popular tournament pick. He will remain a niche champion at high level play - just like Tryndamere. Once in a while we see a professional top laner pick him if the enemy team is lacking counter measures and then he will rape faces and get incredibly fed (Think of Rainman's Tryndamere at IPL and Kiev), but that's it. Darius roflstomps low and mid elo solo queue, maybe even lower platinum at times, but he will never be pick or ban at a major offline event.
1	Well it IS good for last hitting if anything.   But then again remember how your Flamespitter will remain activated even when you overheat. And you can also launch your second Electro Harpoon when you're overheated. Now before you say WHY NOT JUST LEAVE IT NOT OVERHEATING. Well consider this.   You're up in top lane. You're safe from jungle ganks for now because of a deeply placed ward or something. You're just farming your way through the minions but then the jerk top laner from the other team comes to start an exchange with you because he thinks he's got more sustain.   One rule of LoL is that   Melees are ALWAYS faster than Ranged . So assuming the guy's melee as well, you pop your shield to tank his whatever, and then you're overheating, but your flamespitter is still on, and you still have another proc of your harpoon left. all this PLUS your overheat autoattack dmg. If he's ranged then you chase his ass and AA him for the 0.3 AP ratio scaling. It WILL hurt him.   Either the guy's gonna stand there and take it, and most of the time he'd lose because the scaling on Flamespitter is insane...OR he'll run away. You're still going to be dealing a decent amount of dmg regardless. And also when you come off your overheat, your cooldowns should all have reset by now. and by now, you should have that advantage to pressure him in lane and possibly zone him out.   Now the negatives. You're an AP caster. You're silencing yourself for a good  SIX  seconds there. So OBVIOUSLY you don't want that in a teamfight, because you're not going to be able to stand there and autoattack someone for 0.3 AP scaling...   Personally I don't think that overheating should even be a problem unless you panic and  SPAM ALL THE SKILLZ . It's really hard to overheat unless you're constantly running your flamespitter all day everyday. But I'm guessing you already know that or else you wouldn't be asking about the positives of overheating
0	YMMV IYKWIM   FTFY
0	Even then I would disagree. My mom was told that I had a condition (cant remember the exact name) that my brain will be located outside of my skull at birth. And he kept trying to push her towards abortion. My mom continually said no but it got to the point where she had to switch doctors at 7months with me because of his views. And then she gave birth and I obviously have no such issues and am perfectly okay!
0	Don't be... at 24 I was married, graduated from college, working a 9-5, and bought a house... we ended up separated because I finally had the freedom to make choices for myself and realized that wasn't what I wanted...
1	Mine is Riven. Right now i'm begging riot to take off the summoner name ''Riven Bot'' She is just so much fun and can turn games around when shes fed. As soon as i bought her i fell in love after 3 games. Didn't get the chance for championship riven sadly :(. When you master a champion it's the most satisfying thing you ever feel. Knowing every limit you can reach.
1	There are 2 solutions to this. I use both.   1)   You can move your task bar to the side of your screen or to the top(I hate top). Personally I have it on the left side because right side messes with the X button for closing programs like your internet browser.   2)   Hide task bar. It only pops up when you need it. If you keep your task bar at the bottom, it can still be annoying. That is why option 1 was also mentioned.
1	Lol, if you think about it like that you are delusional. I am sorry but CLG is looking SO BAD.. They are behind the meta, it just seems ( WHICH MEANS IN MY EYES/OPINION ) they are not adapting/training for anything new. The decisions they make looks so stupid and foolish.. If you pick a j4/karthus/ez/leona/orianna you think TSM isnt capable of thinking forward and will try to shut you down the sooner the better ? And even if that dindt went as easy as it went now they would have avoid every tf later game for sure.
1	Now I've read most of the points in this thread...  and I've played HoN before I played LoL...   TBH it's been along time since I played HoN, but I do still follow some of the higher lvl of gameplay.   so I just gonna spread my thoughts and go over your cons:   1) I think runes brings alot to the game, can change your play style alot, depending on your runes and masteries. So two ppl can play the same champ, and use em diff early game, coz of the runes and masteries, where HoN you are locked to A champ with the same stats every single time. Yeah its hell getting the IP for the runes and champs, but LoL needs some way of making money.   2) looking at high lvl play: HoN got rune control, LoL got buff control, you will often see a lvl 1 team fight, to ensure your own buffs, or make sure the other teams jungler don't get theirs. how you play the laning phase in LoL compaired to HoN. HoN is prop more about ganking, where LoL is more about lane control. Their is "denis" in LoL, its just much harder to do, with much bigger risk. If you can push the other team out of XP range, will normely mean you are in position to get ganked, and with a jungler allways missing, you have to play carefull, or you are pretty muched dead. (I take the last point of argument 4 in here) LoL got a free blue pill back to base, HoN got a bird flying around delivering your iteams to you so you never have to leave the lane, you can buy the summoner spell teleport in HoN, with I belive 30 sec CD? can't rember. so this mean in HoN every single person on the team got a teleport on em, so much less risk of losing a tower if you have all 5 ppl pushing one tower. So maybe you have a free tp to base, but you wont see 5 tp in any team in LoL...   3) Hmm.. Their will allways be an optimal build for every champ, depending on the team you are fighting agaist. but then again, there are many champs in LoL their can be build, ap ad as or hybrid. depeding on your own play style. Let's take Teemo as an exp. You can see this champ in 3 diff games, with 3 completly diff builds, and works fine either way.  what I don't like about HoN on this point talking about casters. They got a fixed stat on the amount of dmg they can do with their spells. witch means that late game, the dmg out put on a caster in HoN pretty much dosen't mather, casters are early game dmg, and CC. In LoL a caster can carry the team, and have high dmg in the end game to.   4) Not hardcore enought? Hmm... as you say that is an opinion. I think that LoL is more competetiv than HoN. My reason for this is, that LoL is much more team based, yes you can see a fed carry kill allmost a whole team, both you won't see a fed carry do this alone. I've seen replays of HoN where a fed carry can pretty much solo a whole team.   5) (yes I know you got no 5th point, but I haven't talked about gold lose on death)  This is something I really hated about HoN when I started out, i was a Noob and wassen't sure what I was doing, so I died alot = I had no gold to spend on anything. LoL is much more friendly to newer players.  and this also aloves you to go for a kill that you might not get, without thinking... "Can I take this risk, I don't wanna lose my gold" = more action.
0	This post and ensuing comments are the only time I've wanted to stop using reddit because I think the user base might be overly sensitive, first world problem suffering idiots. Up until this point I thought it was just cute.
1	Sion is basically Leona with slightly less CC, % Damage and %Armor/MR shred.  Sion goes well with Corki because he benefits off both the Armor and MR shred, another synergy is Kog'Maw Sion has tons of peel and Kog'Maw benefits off the Armor and MR shred due to his high % magic damage on W, not to mention when they are killed they both revive and deal tons of damage making it risky to dive them, if Sion hits his E and Kog'Maw hits his Q it adds up to 58% Armor MR reduction this means they can easily shred tanks.
1	It only seems to happen after a new patch. Each patch gets the item list sorted by price and that order gets locked for the patch. When a new patch comes along and another sort is introduced, it sees no difference between two objects at price 35g. You just need a second sort after the price sort on say alphabetical ascending.
0	So, this was brought up a moment ago in a different thread in this comment section.  It is true that I have made a misstep here.  I was trying to speak about the general tendency of the standard religious fanatic to be more violent than a standard atheist fanatic.  What I failed to make clear (and may have actually said things effectively the opposite of) was that I don't believe it to be the religion or lack of religion that causes this-- rather, some violent people adopt religion as an excuse to do violence.  In that thread, I mentioned the IRA, but failed to note that most IRA violence was really about divided people holding grudges and using religion to identify who was on the other side, not actually killing people for their religion, per se.   What I really want to say is this: people do good or ill based on their moral belief structures; sometimes these structures are formed by their religion, but overwhelmingly it is life experience, and then contextualized by or manipulated into the guise of religion.  A religious person is not, by nature of their religion, going to be a violent person.  Overwhelmingly the opposite, in fact.  But a violent person is more likely to claim religion as their motivation than they are to claim atheism, simply for the reason that the former is easier.  This paints an unfair impression of religions, not truly reflective of the general message of "do good, be nice, form a community devoted to being kind."  But it also leads to the tendency that a "religious fanatic" (whose true motivations might be anything, really, but who is willing to kill anyone who disagrees) tends to be more violent than an "atheist fanatic" (who generally just wants to defend their own beliefs or lack-thereof in a society in which atheism is not the norm, and does so by being a dick over the internet or in conversation).  It is therefore unfair to say that an atheist fanatic is less tolerant than religious fanatic.   EDIT:
0	I recently quit my high paying job (70k per year) because it was unsatisfying.  The last two weeks have been awesome, and I'm looking forward to the next year.  I'll be doing some odd jobs for the summer (remodeling a kitchen, a few odd finish carpentry jobs for a restaurant) then looking for a semi-full time construction management job next fall.  I was sick of working behind a desk and seeing no positive results from my work.  Save up some money and quit.  Life is too short.   edit: enough of a response to add a bit here. I'm finishing up a master's degree (final touches on my thesis right now) which was part of my impetus to quit, so I could focus on that.  I've made some good investments in the past, buying a short-sale home in 2008 that I can now rent out for extra income.  I don't have a ton of money, but I don't need a lot since my mortgage is fairly low and I don't spend a ton of money (bud, beer, food and one big vacation per year.)  I am married and a child is on the way.  At 32, I've saved some money every year so far, so I have enough saved up that I can be out of work for a while without being nervous.  And I have a varied enough skill set (carpentry, project management, energy efficiency, sustainable design) that I've never had a lot of trouble finding work.  I'm still not 100% sure what I want to do next, but I was sure that I didn't want to do what I had been doing anymore.  My advice isn't to quit your job.  But if you are unhappy with your job, start looking for other options.  And, if you can cut your expenses and save up some money, that will help.  And finding alternate sources of income through investments will make any possible down time much easier.
0	I was on a business trip to a training class, and all the people attending stayed in the same hotel near the training facility. Everyone went out for drinks the night before class. The bus to take us to training was to be outside the hotel, and leaving at 8am sharp. Anyone not on it, missed the class. This was a big deal seeing as how the company paid for everything, flights, rooms, transportation, per diem, and the class. Well i got shitfaced. Like whiskey chased by beer all night shitfaced. Finished up at 2am arguing with locals outside. Made it up to my room somehow and passed out on top of the covers, completely clothed. I set no alarm. I woke up completely at 7:45am and made it outside to the bus at 8:01 when the bus started moving. They stopped and let me on. I threw up multiple times in the bathroom during training.
0	22, white, male. Healthy weight - we don't have quite the extent of obesity here in the UK as in the US given many redditors are American (most populous English speaking country in the world - makes sense (excl. India)), but don't worry - we're next! - give it 5-7 years and I've no doubt I'll be your stereotypical redditor. I don't see my healthy weight surviving the microwave meals, pizza and beer diet that is par for the course at med school. We're always saying to patients - healthy diet, low fat, high nutrients, exercise - after which we usually go home, have a pizza, have a smoke on the way back to hospital, count the aforementioned 5 min walk as "exercise", and begin the night shift with the pager bleeping. We're enormous hypocrites.
1	So not to be off topic but in the interview TheOddOne mentions that ryze-maokai is weak against a morgana-shyvana is this true? Junglers aside (I love both of those jungles btw) Ryze wrecks morg in my experience, as in I consistantly get first or second blood as ryze in that matchup. Admittedly I am not anywhere near what would be concidered high elo, but still...
0	Holey Smokin' PEaches!!   [When You Can Kill in Texas](     On Christmas Eve in 2009, Ezekiel Gilbert paid an escort he found on Craigslist $150 for what he thought would be sex. Instead, according to the San Antonio Express-News, 23-year-old Lenora Frago left his apartment after about 20 minutes without consummating the act. Gilbert, now 30, followed her to a car with a gun and shot her in the neck through the passenger-side window. Frago became paralyzed, and died about seven months later. Gilbert admitted to shooting her but contended that he did not intend to kill.   Gilbert was tried for murder. Last Wednesday, a Texas jury ruled that his actions were legal. That’s because Texas penal code contains an unusual provision that grants citizens the right to use deadly force to prevent someone “who is fleeing immediately after committing burglary, robbery, aggravated robbery, or theft during the nighttime from escaping with the property.”
1	We also have to realize we have more interaction with the sports scene than any other sport out there; every other sport usually has contained instances of interactions between the players and the community, whether that's sporting events or media forums, but League has streaming which is direct interaction between viewers and the streamers. After that, the players themselves are much more interactive with the community on forums such as Reddit and it's something we as a community take for granted, because these are players who do not usually go through a college scene or some other format of integration into the professional scene that can screen them and train them to take the criticism of the community; instead, they are either up there and known, or they are not. We need to realize this, and as we grow in the esports format give them the respect they deserve for playing in the format they do, while also making sure that when we do critique them, it isn't just mindless insults but rather real, backed up choices. Yes, Wickd has made some questionable choices/builds, but honestly, it makes the games more entertaining than the static builds the meta enforces and I'll take that any day over just watching the same basic, boring game played over and over again with different names over the same champs.
1	Look at top solo queue, and competitive scene.   I haven't seen a kassadin or kennen mid for months. The problem lays with how many better alternatives there are. Want CC so pick kassadin; ok I choose ahri with a better cc, a higher sustained dmg, and better teamfighting power.   Yes most mids are still 'viable' but they lack as much as other mids have to offer.
1	Tell me the difference between a good morg and a great morg.   Nice argument. Tell me the difference between a good TF and a great TF? Is he easy to play then?   >Q is easy enough to land   Orly? Then what skillshots are hard to land?   Morg is about as "easy" as half the AP roster. Galio takes even less skill than Morg and no one says he's easy. Ryze, Xerath, Swain, Vlad, Kennen, etc.. all easier than Morg, yet not nearly half as many people call them easy.   Actually there are plenty of APs who are not hard (mechanically) at all and people say they're hard to play, good examples being Ori and Karthus. They don't even roam with them, while Morg is kinda reliant on roaming.   >Then have half a brain and make sure your team can follow up.   Just because a champ has a low skillcap  mechanically , doesn't mean he has a  low overall skillcap. Morg takes positioning (Flash has 400 range fyi), teamwork, map awareness and decision making skills.   TF is a pretty good example: he's damn easy to play mechanically but his skillcap is pretty damn high, which becomes kinda obvious when you see Misaya playing him. Why? Because he benefits a lot from good overall game skills, like map awareness, roaming, positioning, decision making ,etc.. Sounds kinda like Morg doesn't it?
1	This post is confusing to me... because none of the champions you listed as "can carry like no tomorrow" are actually strong carries to my knowledge... You might want to shift towards true hypercarries, champions that can affect bot lane, champions that can farm easily, and snowball champions.   True hypercarries are champions like Tryndamere, Karthus, Jax, Kog'Maw, Vayne, and Nasus (assuming you can outlane/outfarm your opponent as well as you say you can). Given enough farm, these champions are all capable of killing more than one enemy unaided, whether it be through powerful dueling, survivability, or simply raw damage output.   Champions like Karthus, Shen, Kassadin, Twisted Fate, Ahri, and Gangplank come to mind for champions that can carry and affect the map, whether through high mobility or global ultimates. If you can effectively farm off of the enemy bot lane and force dragons, you can carry the game.   Champions that farm easily are able to last hit very effectively. The best example I can think of is Mordekaiser, since he can easily clear not only minion waves, but also jungle camps with great speed, though there are plenty of others like Vladimir, Anivia, Gragas, and galio; basically anyone with good wave clear fits in this category. By farming well you can do stupid things like triple your lane opponent's cs. Forget going +40; try +140, and even better potentially. If you have enough minion kills more than your opponents you will be able to kill multiple opponents, especially with your team's help.   For Snowball champions, try champions like Talon, Leblanc, Kassadin, Jungle Alistar, Shaco, Twitch, Akali, and Fizz. All of these champions have the potential to become true wrecking balls with an early game kill or two. In general it becomes easier and easier to kill enemies with levels and gold advantage on these champions. Some are more early game dependant than others, and don't expect to pick any of them up on the first try.   Also, understand that if you're anything like me, you will come across games you just can't carry. It's okay. Climbing takes time and lots of games. be encouraged a bit by the fact that, at least in my experience, the 1200's are probably the hardest climb. I'm around 1400, 1450 on a good day, and I slowly crawled my way up there from around 900 or so (fully deserved, mind you, I sucked back then). I find that you'll hit a pattern of climbing a ways, then falling back down. then climbing a bit more, then falling back down again. It sucks, and it can be pretty discouraging, but I doubt that starting over will really help you.   Don't believe the talk you'll hear from time to time about duo queue either. Unless you have a good ad/support pairing, it's usually a lot harder to win in my experience (whether it's because your teammates are unwilling to give you what you want position-wise, or because matchmaking gave your opponents 100 elo advantage on you).   Finally, my last word of advice: check your attitude at the door. I've won ranked games with stupid, terrible team comps (try 5 ap champs-- not hybrid, true, pure, deathcap building ap's; duo lane talon/katarina with 20 cs each by 10 minutes; etc.), horrible starts/throws that seemed impossible to recover from (bot lane reverse legendary by 10 minutes; team getting aced multiple times for free during baron fights).  Time spent flaming, time spent arguing about what to do, time spent criticizing allies actions (which is all too often just flaming that you pretend is helpful), and time spent despairing about how far behind your team has fallen is all wasted time.
1	This deserve to be seen, i don't understand polish, but just your
0	IMO, it's a stereotype spouted by Americans who have had experiences with certain types of Canadians and it sticks with them. My ex was one of these types, obnoxious towards everything American and complained daily about some part of American life that was sub-par compared to Canadian life. Used to tell me that "when we get married, we're moving to Canada." NOPE.   But I, unlike others, have also come into contact with those that are kinder, but the difference is that they don't brag about being Canadian, so everyone assumes they're American (when they're in America). I.E. the ex's family, I would pick them over her any day. Sadly, I couldn't have my cake and eat it, too.
0	Reading these comments I can only say this; What the fuck is wrong with you dude? Do you have some sort of behavioral / mental disorder? Look at the shit you are typing. Seriously what sane, rational human being says that? You have some unresolved issues that you need to work out.
1	I hate that this happened due to time restraints.  It was a bummer I'm sure to everyone watching the stream, but it was also difficult to watch in Dallas; a standing crowd was allowed to spectate 2-3 feet behind clg.eu in game one and dignitas's perspective had to be watched from an angle the way the booth was set up.  Personally I'm a huge Scarra fan and I love watching he and Froggen go head to head.  It saddens me a bit that I couldn't even clearly see what was going on even being there.
1	It's not that Warmogs is OP and too good of and item to pass up. Its more that HP stacking is the best defensive stat in game since the penetration changes. And what better item to get for HP stacking than Warmogs, the highest HP item in the game? Oh and FYI Warmogs on Urgot isn't uncommon of a build. He's more of a tanky anti-carry ad caster.
1	You can counter Nami with Leona. You can e+q to her. She is quite squishy even with health runes so looses direct contact. It's good to do engage after her w (heal/atack) and even better after she uses her q (buble). Her abilities have quite a lot of CD at first.
0	A couple years ago, the ignition for my roommate's car got messed up and the only choice was to drill it out and use a screwdriver until the new ignition came in. While driving the car I got pulled over by a cop. I was freaking out. There was no way this was going to end well. The back window of the car was broken, there was a screwdriver sticking out out of the ignition, and there were still metal shavings on the floor from drilling out the lock. You'd have to be an idiot not to think the car is stolen. The officer observes this and asks me to explain. I tell him I'm just borrowing my friend's car and ask him if I can call my roommate to prove I have permission. He says yes, I dial, and hand him the phone. All she said was one word, "yes" and I was able to go on with my day. I still feel like I should have been arrested.
1	From a ganking standpoint however, if your laner has a good engage as you are entering the fray, the ganked opponent will likely have blown their burst, and will instantly enter the mindset of needing to run away. This is where Naut shines - land a hook/AA/Ult and CC train engaged - there is no time for an opponent to pop the shield.   Naut's damage with a couple points in his shield, assuming he can get a few AAs in is quite remarkable, and most people I play against don't expect it, at all.   This aside, his peeling potential in teamfights is completely unmatched. If your comp is a protect-the-carry comp (which is pretty common in the current meta) you will be hard-pressed to find someone who can protect and let the carry deal damage throughout a teamfight. Not to mention the pick potential.
1	Viktor is my main AP mid champion and although I'm in love with him, I'd have to partially agree with Scarra.   Hi damage output is ridiculous but the cast time and range on his W field is misleading and is such so that I actually don't bother getting a point unless I'm being camped (I find wards to be sufficient). His ult isn't that bad, but the range is similar to the W, in that it's possible to catch your enemy at the bare end of it or miss them altogether as I have often done. When you think about it though, with his damage output and utility spell abilities (silence, slow, stun), it's hard to buff or fix these issues with him without making him OP in a way.   I find that Viktor counters many mid champs though, especially at 6 when you can flash ult and silence for the kill. His laning phase can go absurdly well and if you do fall behind farming with the laser is an option. I'd be hard placed to "lose a lane" against many of the current mid selections of the meta.
0	Dont send them to the house. Her guy on the side would never do that. Buy the flowers, have a friend that shes never met deliver them to her at work about 45 min before she goes to lunch, then show up right before lunch and say you thought youd pop in to get lunch. If she says nothing about the flowers then she is riding the ole bologna pony. If she thanks you for the flowers then you are safe.
1	If Chroma packs required any code it was a couple lines to change the skin-select UI. Unless Riot's code is crap, nerfs don't require any programming either. Meanwhile, game features require server code, client code, and extensive testing. All 3 of those things you said are handled by different groups of people and entirely unrelated to the others. Art developed chroma packs, balance nerfed Teemo, and programmers are working on game-features. Programmers have most likely already built tools to allow the game designers and artists to make changes on things like skins and balance without requiring new code and even the ability-reworks largely use pre-existing mechanics.
0	As someone who works for a refurbishing and resale company i can tell you one thing though, apples are of considerably better build quality physically, what will dent a macbook will shatter a dell or hp.  we constantly are receiving large lots of computers companies and schools are retiring and almost all of the dells and hps are unsellable because of the damage incurred from daily use whereas the apples though equally as old may have scratches and dents but they are otherwise intact.  Dells and HP's have a great deal of hollow space in them and use many overlapping plastic panels which although does make individual part replacement significantly easier it also leaves more seams in the case which are weak spots.   I myself own a macbook pro i bought back in 2007 and used all the way through college for engineering and i have to say aside from not being able to play games on it anymore it still does everything i need it to do on a day to day basis including all the engineering modeling software i use so i consider it a good investment.
0	Kids feel "entitled" to that money because the government holds them responsible for it. If your parents make money, you get $0 in grants from the government to go to school because the  government  feels your parents should pay for it.   Are your parents up to their eyes in debt? Are they cheap and aren't paying for your school? Too bad, no college for you. You should have been born poor or gotten pregnant.
0	Don't try to use strawman arguments on me. I never said that whites should make up the majority of the population in colleges because they are the majority. Does it make it more likely? Yes. Does it mean that whites should have more people in college? Not necessarily, as there may be, a race that has a higher percentage of the population prepared for college, such as Asians.   Also, the argument used for choosing an Asian over a black boils down to diversity. A university is less likely to have as many qualified black students as Asian students. Choosing someone over another based on their race is, by definition, racist. Ergo, the process which supports using race as a means of change is racist.
1	Alright this post is one of the first in a while that has inspired me to respond to because it relates to my situation right now.   So first off for me, there are dreams (like being a billionaire) and attainable goals such as going pro. Now I have been a huge video game player since I was about 5, I started with prince of persia and command and conquer and immediately fell in love with the experience and immersive world of video games. From there I didn't play much seriously until I discovered Counter-Strike, this game changed my life and changed my view on skills I never knew I had before. I soon discovered that I had a natural talent for video games, first person shooters especially. I played Counter-Strike for about 7 years straight and had my first taste of becoming pro or at least semi-pro, I wont go into details but I was very successful and came very close to going to WCG Singapore one year. But my limitations sadly enough were my parents, they are old school and wanted me to play real sports and focus on getting straight A's rather than chasing a fully attainable dream at the time. To backtrack a little, the reason I didn't go to singapore was because of sponsorship backing that fell through and my parent's inability to see that this was a huge opportunity for me.   So forward from there I just played casual because my dreams were crushed and just focused on winning tangible sports in the minds of my peers at the time. Now comes my recent experiences, I have been in college for quite some time and was introduced to league of legends through a close friend of mine and started to play it a good amount but no where near where I am now. That was nearly 3 years ago, over that time I became more and more infatuated with the game and played it in my spare time and started to realize that my personal skill for video games was carrying over. Before I knew it I was 2100 in season 2, that's when I realized that my dream could become a goal. I wasn't necessarily miserable at college but I felt like I was missing something from my life, and that was the dream of becoming pro for league of legends or any video game to that regard. So one day I just decided to say screw it why not go for it, I'm old enough to make my own decisions and old enough to support myself.   Many people right now are probably like who are you, why would you do this, this doesn't seem like a good idea. Well that may be a reasonable argument but not if you set yourself goals and set yourself to something higher than a dream. (Sorry going to go on a tangent) But think about how many people dream of being an astronaut, they grow up still thinking about that dream but it is unattainable because they never set themselves a real tangible goal. By this I mean they didn't spend years preparing to become an astronaut with all of their resources and will power, they left it as a dream. That's where I think a lot of people need to make the distinction of why they want to be a pro or why they play the game as much as they do.   I set myself the goal of 1 year off of school to go for it, working full time to support myself through it. Every day I read all the information I can on the meta, what teams are doing what, who is being interviewed, who is streaming, what amateur or professional games are being played or those that I missed. This is what it takes in my opinion to really make a dream happen, to an extent because still personal aptitude towards video games and mechanical skill makes a big difference. There will always be some people who hit there limitation because of their biological wiring or tragedies that leave them unable to hit the level of some players.   I've been writing way too much here, i'm sorry, but I feel very strongly about my dream and I want it to become a reality with everything I am right now invested into it. In closing I just want to say if this REALLY is your dream, go for it, but be smart about it and make a plan so you can attain it to the best of your ability.
1	Lets say turret his for 25% damage first hit(not too bad) and has 10% armor pen if an adc has 2200 hp with around 40% damage migration from armor after penetration then the turret is hitting him for around 200-250 ish(hoping my math is right). Not if this amount scales per attack like it currently does then after 3 hits he would be taking 350+ a hit every second. The amount of life steal and attack damage/speed would be very high to sustain many hits.
0	I find you get the best results the more enthusiastic you are also. I always tell my guy how much I love his cock before I go down on him. I like to be a bit of a tease and kiss his whole body on my way down then run my tongue along his cock making it extremely wet. I also love looking at my guy with his cock still in my mouth to see how much he's enjoying it. I ALWAYS use my hands during a blow job. They are either on his shaft, balls, grabbing his ass or touching myself. I also have found that guys are more responsive the more you focus on the tip. I like to wiggle my tongue a bit or move it up and down the bottom of the tip while I suck, guys seem to love it but I don't know for sure if they do.
1	Travis. I have to admit I have never taken you seriously until I just watched your Lemonnation and Sneaky interview. You impressed me in three ways.   First, you addressed a couple important issues with the players without explaining every feature of the situation. When you talked about Hai's hospitalization and Link's substitution, you knew with certainty that your viewers were just as up-to-date about the issue as you and there players were. It represents to me the sensitivity you have for your audience and the respect that you have for all of our present knowledge.   Second, you pressed the issue over and over with Lemon about what specific problems C9 was having with Link in the shotcalling role in-game. Lemon defected twice but in the end you got an answer out of him. I would recommend you watch Frost's interview with Nixon one day.   Third, I laughed. I actually laughed out loud and very few insightful, honest interviews can actually do this to me.
1	My top 5:     Chronoshift (resurrection + healing is the obvious #1)     Stand United (I've always had a thing for flying and teleportation, and since there is no technical "flying" ability, teleportation is a definite #2 for me. Also teleporting to a person no matter where they are is better than TF's limited range teleport to any point in my eyes)     Sanguine Pool (Not as practical as some of these other ones, but probably the best party trick ever. And you can dodge bullets and shit, which is pretty cool too)         Charm (Charisma is one of the most important traits to have, magical charisma that works on anyone can get you jobs, relationships, friends, and financial opportunities. Knowing how to balance this with natural charisma would be the hard thing, reliance would lead to fake relationships)       Twilight Shroud (invisibility isn't one of my favorite things, but it would come in handy sometimes. And I don't want evelynn's because permanent invisibility unless I assault someone seems pretty...iffy.)
0	Some background details: he was the only signer on a month to month lease. The house is four bedrooms, with four of us living there total so really he was screwing us over collectively $150 a month. The real kicker though is that the electric bill, had been going unpaid since he was pocketing that also. He managed to somehow rack up over $3000 in debt before they finally sent out the shutoff notice. The landlord showed up at our house because of this and is when we discovered we had been swindled. Thankfully the electric was under his name so he really only screwed himself there. The downside is everyone else is left suddenly evicted.
1	adcs are fine as they are in terms of damage, but there needs to be better defensive items for them. When it comes to late game you're either being destroyed by a mundo or one-shotted by an assassin. GA means they have time to reposition and doesn't always work, and banshees is nice but only mitigates the damage from an assassin. Besides, with both of these you can be chased out of a teamfights and it's always down to the bruisers/AP casters to win the fight. It comes to the point where if you don't have flash up you are as good as dead, and if you do you're still not able to do any damage.   Of course all of this can be fixed by solid peel from your team mates, but in soloq that just doesn't happen and I've had multiple games of going 17/3 or something like that, getting one shotted as my team is trying to chase the enemy adc and we lose. ADCs don't have the presence in fights any more and good positioning means less and less if a kat can flash>e>w>r instakill you no matter what. Of course adc's shouldn't be able to fight bruisers but there isn't much point if your sole job is to waste cooldowns and hopefully put a dent in a mundo.   But to reference your original post, 6 item cait can easily face a 4 item voli, she's the best kiter in the game. Work on stutter stepping and you should be fine. Alternatively, DON'T TRY TO 1v1 A VOLIBEAR. You should never be alone, the current meta means you'll be destroyed by pretty much anyone. Your job is to back up your team, not to 1v1 everyone. Armour pen wouldn't do much against a voli because he works off health with his passive, and buffing LW would be overpowered.
0	Sustainable solutions vs. delaying the problem   Early American aid efforts for Africa illustrates this (and in many cases continue to do so). Give Detroit 10 billion dollars. If their institutions, programs, and businesses are not overhauled that money will be drained like all their money before that. You can't throw money at it.
1	I'm clamoring for the old ELO system, and I clearly remember it. I had an incredibly fun time hovering between Silver-Gold while trying to stabilize on the Gold side. It's some of the most extended fun I've had for ages.   You still gain/lose lp based off your mmr, your teams mmr, the enemy team, you division. This is fine.   BUT  the fact that I can't see my personal MMR is a complete joke to me. "Haha I'm plat II, you're only plat III!" "Yeah but I decayed a bit and when I queue up I get matched with Diamonds anyway.." is just such a meaningless idea.   Your position on the one big ladder meant so much more than the tiny steps of the division jokes ever will, they don't even get used. At least you would know your exact position on the ladder, which is what it's for. You didn't have to be top 1000 to care, you could set personal goals for yourself.   A goal of reaching Plat II from Plat III is meaningless, you could either get it from winning two games in a row, or also losing one. Obviously if you lose one you did "worse", but you get the same with with less mmr. That just means you can't trust any goal you set for yourself, because you can't see whether or not you've reached it.
1	This is something that a lot of teams have started doing. It really goes back to the old sustain farm bot lane and why it was so successful.   If bot lane can just sit in lane and farm with wards to make sure they're not going to be ganked, it just becomes a farm fest and pointless for a jungler to go there.   This makes mid or top. If you have a mid with good escapes / high mobility, it means you don't have to baby sit their lane either.   So what the Jungler will end up doing is just camping top and making one person their target and making them useless (low levels or just making them scared to get into a fight).   It worked every time TSM did it and it works when teams like MM and m5 did it was well. Which is why I cringed everytime I saw a jungler other then m5 pick mundo, they don't Gank well with them and he becomes useless is team fights.
0	I find this truly an interesting test of a persons financial status growing up. It is usually also a indication of the class of person, not always. Seeing someone request a steak anything above medium rare seems that they have never had a good steak or one prepared correctly. I have family that is rich and family that is poor so I see a stark contrast in how each orders food. Wealthier people almost always order a steak medium rare to rare and no steak sauce, or ketchup (cringe). There is a reason McDonalds puts ketchup with everything, including their shakes. It is to mask the poor/bland flavor of their food. The reason people had to cook their steaks so much was to prevent food born illness due to poor refrigeration and lack of money so food was kept on the shelf longer. This was also the reason most southern food is so spicy, they were some of the last states to get refrigeration so meat was often rancid and spices were used to mask the bad flavors.
1	I'm not bent out of shape, I simply suggested that you read the comments on your other post. I don't see the issue with that.   Also, against reddit rules to ask for upvotes, so creating a post to gain upvotes is pretty close to being against the rules...   And lastly, the reason your post didn't get many views is because it got out of front page of the new tab because many posts are created because many people repost their posts or of posts saying the exact same thing (I'm looking at you "RIP Ahri" posts...).  You re-posting is exactly the reason that your 1st post didn't get that many views , just so you're aware...
1	I were stuck in 1400-1600 for too long. Til I discovered Skarner <3   But most important, you have to be the ultimate teammate if you want to climb elo. Let your teammates play whatever they want, and you must take responsibility and pick the lesser popular roles (in this case support/jungler). Remember that you NEED these players to win the match and win this elo.   Try Skarner!     Not that hard to play (No skillshots, except E...emm)   Extremely stronk ganks after lvl 6   Fat as santa and dominating in MS   Overpowered Slow (Q-Skill)   Stronk late-game (After my experience)     And Additional, in low elo you can even have some more fun with Skarner, do as I did and build PD-Skarner. If you play smart and get some early kills/assists, you'll run down your enemies and end up as a good lookin carry! (Notice that you should stop this after you pass 1600 elo, didn't go so well then.. )
0	Exactly.  I was in a relationship with a guy all through college.  He was and still is one of my best friends and we were very well matched but we both knew about 8 or 9 months into our almost 4 year long relationship that we were not going to get married.  He wasn't sure he really ever wanted to get married and while it was something I did want  eventually  it was not really a priority at the time.  Additionally, while we worked incredibly well as a dating couple, there were some major difference in things like how we handled finances, how we felt about kids and so forth that don't come up when you're just dating that made it obvious that a marriage between us would not be the best of plans.   Once we entered our 20s people began to ask when we would get engaged/married to which we would always reply "We're not."  The most common reaction to this was "Then what's the point?" The point was that we loved each other, were best friends, and there was no one else we wanted to be with.  Marriage was not a priority for us at the time and the idea of breaking up just for that reason and having to see each other all the time (lots of the same friends, very small campus) would have been torture.  We broke up a couple months after graduation when he moved across the country for grad school, gave each other some distance, and are now good friends again.   Now that I'm older, finding the person I want to spend my life with is slowly moving up my priority list so that now if I were to realize a few months into a relationship that it was headed no where, I would end it.  I don't regret a single day with my ex.  That relationship taught me a lot about myself and what I wanted out of life as well as how to be in a healthy, monogamous relationship.  But priorities change and not everyone has the same views on marriage.
1	We had a troll in our team, same as in enemy team. We had AP Amumu, he just farmed for 50 minutes and did nothing, they had Revive Karthus and g/10 items stacking Pantheon.   We were pretty much losing, but this Amumu. used his ult at 50 min. mark (for 1st time in that game!), it did epic damage, and we won due to him. And he was on a 3 games in a row winstreak w/ AP Amumu.
1	I also tend to want to encourage others to be nice, like giving out more Honor, in hope to make people realize that it can make others happy to be appreciated and stuff.   But it can also not work. One game I wanted to play Heimerdinger jungle, so I called jungle. I knew killing creeps would take some time, but ganks would work great if I hit my E and I would be able to hold lanes if someone needs to b. I had Smite too, but another person still locked in Trundle with Smite. Well, I thought, maybe he didn't notice, okay, if we start off as two, then doing the jungle will be easier, so it can work out. But the Trundle kept on saying I am trolling and first thing he did was smite the blue buff before me. I thought, okay, gotta make him trust me. So we did our round and I gave him red. Then after the Golems I wanted to do the wraiths again, so I stayed under the golem walls. The Trundle then lured the golems norths, so I wasn't in range of them anymore. By that time, I was already screwed. Less exp, less gold, no blue buff.   Until the end, the Trundle always complained about me trolling, while he had screwed me. What made things worse was that I was on Team Speak with my friends and they also all flamed me, even though they should know I'm never trolling. The one playing Caitlyn switched lanes to not go 2v1, but still played too aggressive and lost against Shen. She never warded and kept on getting ganked by the enemy Lee. After the second death, she already said she just wants to leave the game, of course blaming me, since I 'trolled' and never ganked. As if I could gank without blue buff when I'm already behind so many levels. As if it was not her own fault for losing an easy lane, not adapting to being behind and not warding.   In the end we didn't do too bad, but the enemies were too fed. From what I can remember, my score and damage ended up better than at least Caitlyn's and Trundle's, not saying that the score and damage is everything of course. But of course, even in my friend's eyes, it was my fault, saying I should have just played Support Heimerdinger, since obviously if they believe jungle Heimerdinger does not work, then I should not play it. Because they say so.
1	Doesn't anyone see that this refunding an honesty stuff makes him even more famous? I think this is a marketing trick to just generate more publicity. Also with what he did he'll come out as the nice guy, you can't really say a lot of negative things that he can make seem like little issues with talking about human mistakes and being sorry for it. This was a fucking genius move and you've finally reached your initial goal to create a big viewerbase quickly. You used a "wrong thing" that you'd fix later on to get what you'd not get that easily if you didn't.
1	go to here for the situation.   at 20 mins. the discussion ends at around 40~ mins   what jatt said in this did seem legit but the community was just hating on dig no matter what.   even doublelift/wickd agreed with jatt (doublelift was lesser known though at the time people just knew him for his blitz)
