0	There has to be an arbitrary line for medical purposes, but not when discussing ethics and morals which will not necessarily impact on practical medicine. I think "when does life begin" is a pointless question because lots of useless things are living; the meatier question is "when is it human."   Anyway, so, doctors will obviously have to set a point beyond which abortion is not acceptable. I think it should be lower than it is now because medical improvements mean that previously non-viable children are now able to be viable. I believe the threshold should be perhaps a couple of weeks before the point where viability, on current technological understanding.   Morality will play into that slightly, but you're right, mostly that line has to be arbitrary. It doesn't mean that people's opinions on the ethical discussion have to be arbitrary too. There are SO many factors feeding into when a human comes into existence, and WHICH human comes into existence, that rather than say "life starts at x for sure, anyone else is wrong", people should be entitled to say "well I think abortion is a terrible thing but sometimes necessary. I think it's better to do in the first few weeks because at least the embryo doesn't have a developed brain at all - it doesn't feel, doesn't understand and can't contemplate its own existence in any imaginable way. However I think later on at x period is too late because the embryo will be more humanlike in appearance, there is greater certainty that it will definitely become a human if it is allowed to be born, and it can quite possibly feel pain and fear."   It IS a sliding scale, it's just that the heated black and white debate makes it seem as though it isn't so. A zygote is, QUITE LITERALLY, almost no different from a small collection of skin cells - it's just an unformed repository of genetic material. That is OBVIOUSLY much different to a more complicated arrangement of genetic material which has become self-aware to a point. Where you think is the acceptable cut-off point between those is based on your own subjective priorities. It is not a 'yes/no' question, but people seem to think it is, which is why the debate is so divisive.   Science will never come up with a completely acceptable answer on 'when is abortion okay' because the whole thing is obviously a subjective, ethical dilemma. But in my opinion, the idea of flushing a tiny collection of cells thereby preventing a 'future human' from coming into existence and one day contributing to society is no different than deciding one day to get a vasectomy, stopping you from having kids in future and stopping any hypothetical human from existing. If every child that could have been born had been born, taking into account every possibly pairing of humans, every decision which slightly altered the fertilization process, every random pairing of genetic material in the process itself - well, what, the maths would be astronomical. Quadrillions of humans in existence? More? Early-term abortion is just the same thing, except we're are AWARE of the repercussion rather than never knowing.
0	English is my first language and Italian is my second. People usually think I'm relatively funny when I speak English (Australians seem to really find me funny for some reason). However, when I speak Italian people seldom if ever find me funny. The only people who get my Italian jokes are my family (all Americans with Italian as a second language).
1	They could make it so dragons give a team stacking buff that only your team can see. The buff would make it so lets say dragon gives X% more gold for every stack you have( It would cap at 5 lets say). And to stop the anti snowball of this, riot could make it so if the enemy team secures a dragon your team loses all of the stacks you had generated up till this point. The buff would only disappear once your team had vision of the dragon pit, otherwise that would be a free timer if you were paying attention. This would make it worth it for teams that are behind to attempt dragon fights. It would also make it worth it for teams to lose lane pressure or lane control to go for their 2nd or 3rd dragon.
1	from my personal experience i would say that orianna definitely has the 1v1 advantage especially pre 6 but even after i would say that it is the orianna's lane to lose. Morgana bind cant go through minions but if you land a bind you will win trades on ori but the problem is actually being able to land one, other than binds morgana basically has zero ways to harass orianna where as ori can just q w e aa morg all day. If i see this matchup as a jungler on either side i would understand that it is primarily a jungler influenced matchup because morg has enough sustain to stick around before ori gets items and ori is hard to touch with morg alone.
1	I just want to say that: I just made a new smurf account so that I could get a new account to try ranked with, without tainting my main.   When I chose the initial skill level, I selected the easiest one because I figured that would match me against the most people.   What I have found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) are all smurfing. People are building double GP10, warding, using shurelya's, randuins and aegis.   I must say that there are a few people that have been absofuckinglutely retarded, but most people that  aren't  smurfing seem to be picking up the game a  lot  faster than I did because of people being helpful for honor points.   That being said, if you're a new player and your teammate explains last-hitting, build advice, and the point that boots are a must-have item, and you do not listen, you are going to be in for a rough time.
1	I switched to LoL after I finally got bored of MapleStory. I played that game for 6 years so i was used to horrible customer service and I didn't expect much from Riot. Riot really did prove me wrong. When I started LoL and people would tell me that Riot gives you RP if you're a little short I was astonished. Riots customer Service is A+++++. I see many people complain about waiting on things like replay and certain features that haven't been implemented yet. I think sometimes people don't appreciate what Riot does. When you make the transition from Nexon to Riot Games, you appreciate it so much more because you knew what it felt like to have the shittiest service for 6 years. Riots patches and sever checks go as planned most of the time, no "Sever will be up in 2 hours." - 2 hours pass- "Sever check has been extended for another hour. Then extended again and again.  Nexon is famous for that it was so bad. Started playing LoL and I haven's had one real complaint that has left me upset with Riot. I hope other companies learn from Riot. They are doing an awesome job.
0	In Vietnam I was drinking with a Canadian guy from my hostel who had this happen to the night before. A group of tranny hookers had taken his wallet, removed the cash and put it back in his pants. Saw him again the next day and found out after we split up the night before he ran into the group that had nicked his cash. He went apeshit and got in a massive punch up with 4 tranny hookers where he also smashed the hell out of one their scooters. After the fight he found out that during the brawl they stole his wallet, stole the cash and put his wallet back.
1	Well, meta depends on the continent, so you won't see the main god-tier champion selected on eu/na, and you won't see the same bans. What's more, most teamcomps revolve around2 to 3 champions being picked first, and then categories of champion that fits well with them.  That's why you can see many gank junglers on NA : becaue they allow some control during laning phase, which is crucial for the late-game comps most teams run.  On EU though, you can see some more control-oriented champions, like lee/shyv for m5 (they mostly counter jungle and counter gank); or cho'gath for objective control/counter gank too.  I think the only lane where we see very common champs is bot, with ez/corki/graves + an offensive support when they want to swap.  Top/mid you see lots of vlads and yorick on every server, because they are strong picks that fit well in mot comps (If you remember, some time ago m5 ran mostly yorick, even if he didn't really fit their comp with a gragas mid and ez bot).  I think there's a god-tier of maybe 5 to 10 champions per role (bot lane counting as 1 role), so one third of lol's champs would go in this list, and others would still fit the meta but are more niche (like jarvan or viktor, being played by asian teams, or sivir by clg.na, etc).  I'd like to discuss the ideas behind teamcomps though just because I love thinking :)
1	I played talon nonstop when he came out for about 3 days straight. My match history should be rather insane if you need reference. But anyways, I consider talon nothing but a burst assassin, and I have had the most luck playing him like that and nothing else. I mean yeah I've won a few 1v1s given the fact that when he's fed, he's a monster. But here's what seems to work for me..   1) I typically aim for a solo lane, where I can farm a decent amount without being bothered too much. 2) I start with my Q first, in case I have to commit to any level 1 fights I feel the additional 50 or so damage with a dot is too hard to pass up. 3) I run full armor pen marks, and quints. With dodge seals (or armor, depending on who I lane against), and cooldown glyphs. (magic resist is optional as well) 4) I love maxing out Q first, the extra damage is huge and honestly way too hard to pass up early game. And I'll max W second. 5) my standard rotation is Q, E, AA, W, ult..  6) my build is - doran's blade, boots of speed (build into merc treads or boots 3 depending on their team comp) vamp scepter, bf sword, then a bloodthirster (again, extra early game damage and survivability), usually I'll grab a phage, build an IE (Crits on your q are disgusting late game), finish frozen mallet, last whisper or black cleaver (black cleaver op), and then a phantom dancer as my last item.   Typically I like to wait for most of the cc on the opposing team to be blown, then I'll E to their most threatening caster, follow up with an AA (with my q) and try to get a w off before I ult as many of them as I can and peace if need be.
0	I went travelling with my close gay friend to Thailand and Cambodia. We made a deal about going to a gay bar one day straight bar next. Easily one of the more fruitful trips I ever had. I realize the stigma attached to the countries we travelled to, so I feel it is important to make it clear that none of us paid for our entertainment.   He was very protective of me if I got hit on at the gay bars and when people find out I was just there to support my friend, I didn't really have to pay for drinks all night either.
1	Using the specific example of creating and playing custom games, imagine if it was actually easy to launch a custom game quickly(!), imagine if you could create and test masteries/runes out WITHIN that custom game, if you could create your champion-specific “buy” menus in that game by clicking around the actual shop, if you had skill/score challenges and simple training categories you could activate whilst in there, imagine having your friends able to join it and play with you, and… imagine doing this whilst you are queuing for a matchmade game.   I have been thinking about this a lot and a couple of years back I used to play a game called "Battle Forge". In this game you basically have a small lobby in which you could summon your creatures and jerk around with them (video of this   If riot where to implement something similar to this but more advanced, think what OP already mentioned, I reckon the time inbetween games become a lot more enjoyable.
1	I'm not even ranked yet (lvl20, been playing 2 months) and I know enough to know I'm not good haha. I suppose it also depends who you play with. I keep ending up in 5v5 with friends who are Gold 3. Nothing screws over a lvl 13's confidence then versing Silvers ADC while still figuring out how team fighting works. (Wait? I'm ranged AP? WHY DOES LEONA KEEP JUMPING ME!)
1	A guy with a shaco skin decided to go lane AP shaco down bot, so I thought "hey I will go blitz, that could work".   So as the game started, and this guy is talking about how he has 1500 wins. I decide to have some fun and begin roleplaying as a robot, finishing all my sentences as "beep boop" and answering questions and statements as "negative" or "affirmative".   The minions roll out, and Shaco places 3 boxes in the bot river lane. I see an oppertunity and run to the boxes for a grab on the enemy mumu. I miss and it grabs the only minion in the area. It sets off the boxes and Shaco decides to deceive and run in (no idea why), so I head in. He dies, I escape.   Then it begins.   "OMG BLITZCRANK YOU SO BAD YOU CANT EVEN GRAB UR JUST TROLLING ME U [insert every word]"   "ITS GG GUYS, IM FEEDING, FREE FOOD SHACO FREE FOOD CUS BLITZ TROLL"   So he feeds for about 6 deaths, and rage quits. Annnnd we lose. Mumu and my team reports shaco, and 3 of their team do the whole "I'm not reporting because we won".
0	Brief story time. Getting married in August, so pretty much all money leads to that, but here is the build up to even making that money. January 2nd of 2014, my office job fired me (salaried at 38k with a weekly direct deposit). Felt like I was in shambles. Here I am with a music degree, playing in a band, singing at a church on the weekends (despite not being religious at all) and teaching students on in the moments I had when I had that job. 2 months of unemployment/looking for something like the office job that I had when it hit me. I need to be a professional musician for a while. Now I make 500 a week teaching privately and out of an after school music hub (not franchised, totally independent). I pay all of my bills on time without a problem (which includes student loans, car payment, cell phone, Internet, and occasional credit card). Here is the only catch. I live rent free with my fiancée above her grandfather, but it's far from a cake walk. There is work to be done and I help him with whatever time I have/whenever he needs something from me. And we aren't deadbeats. We have a great relationship with him and he is a 92-year-old fountain of knowledge. All of this adds up to a very happy lifestyle. Life is good and your dreams outside of an office can be obtained if you just
1	If I'm solo mid I pretty much always start with boots and pots. If I'm laning with a support champ who has heals (or I know they're really good with shields/stuns) I'll do Doran's Blade, though honestly boots and pots still aren't a bad choice.   Generally I get boots and pots first, then 2x Doran's, some wards and some more pots on my first trip back. Sometimes I can afford Berserker's Greaves on that first trip back if I'm doing really well and I'll get those too. After that is B.F. Sword into Bloodthirster, then Zeal, then Phantom Dancer.   Really though it just sort of depends on how well you're doing and when you have the chance to go back and buy. If I'm really owning sometimes I'll skip the Doran's and go straight to B.F. Sword, then Greaves, but generally having the 6% lifesteal and 200HP is really, really helpful for staying in your lane.
1	I don't have a way to reference the client right now but I feel safe guessing it's because then you wouldn't need to buy RP and everybody would have a bunch of champs for free.
0	I just called a person the other day with their delivery time for the following day. She told me that she won't be able to accept delivery and we might have to change the date. I told her that it would be best to just keep this time and if it doesn't work out, we will reschedule. I offered to call her 30 minutes before we arrived and she said she wouldn't be able to answer because she would be in the pool.. At her house.. where the delivery would take place..
1	The analogy is there for the purpose of understanding the core concept, which I believe is properly illustrated. The community is complaining of compensation, not the lack of server stability, and I proposed an analogy as to how the game servers crashing affected some people more than others, and how some people were compensated due to coming out a lot more scathed than the rest of the crowd. Regardless of, we all chose to wait for those 5 hour long log in times. And some poor bastards not only waited, they found out when they got there that all their content was erased.
1	Please do us all a favor and leave the channel and don't come back. If you play in the reddit channel and refuse to use mumble just leave. You will make it easier on the rest of us and will leave room for people who actually want to play together. The room hits the 200 person limit every night now.
0	Here's the deal with lifting and grunting. There is a difference between struggling because you're pushing yourself, and just making noise to draw attention and feed off your own testosterone. Most gyms have a couple of guys that act like they're making angry love to the weights. It's not everyone who grunts or drops weights, it's a rare few. Most people conduct themselves with class and are simply trying to get fit and it's most always obvious. However, there are those douches who do make a spectacle of their work out. You will know that's going down by the amount of rolled eyes and cringed faces you see on the by standards, trying not to be distracted by those raging (likely steroid induced) ultra masculine amateur bodybuilders hoping to distract from their small penises.
0	the air in the bag is not just air but nitrogen.  they flush the packages with nitrogen because it is inert and will keep your chips fresher.  nitrogen, unlike oxygen, does not interact with the unsaturated fats used to fry the chips and will stave off rancidity.  unsaturated fats are more susceptible to oxidation because of the double bonds in the fatty acid chains.
0	Respectfully, I disagree. Many crappy posts conform to their respective subreddit, but I reserve my upvotes for those posts which best exemplify the goal of the subreddit. For example, a goal of Advice Animals is to be funny, so I upvote posts that make me laugh. If a post on Advice Animals is not funny at all or is too confusing, my downvote helps to maintain the subreddit. A "First World Problem" meme may refer to a problem that only those in the first world deal with (and thus fits the criteria of the meme and this subreddit), but if it is neither funny nor engaging, it should not be allowed to rise through the ranks. But I'm no expert, just an enthusiast... I could be wrong.
0	Some variant of this is posted every week and the answer is BECAUSE WHITE PEOPLE ARE THE MAJORITY. Why does the majority need a club??? White people are dominant in most aspects of life. Movies for example, the cast/extra are 90-95% white. Did you ever notice that? Next time you watch any movie that isn't a "black" movie look and see how many minorities are on the screen. Commercials- mainly white people or biracial black people. I don't think there are many commercials with again as or Hispanics. Tv- again mainly white, they will of course have the token black/minority character (Cleveland, Gus, that Indian guy on Big Bang theory, etc..) thats why BET was created so we could see ourselves on the screen. And as far as the minority clubs go, the black, Asian, Hispanic, Indian, etc.. Clubs are for people of that culture/background to come together and discuss things about their culture and the struggles of being who they are as a minority. What exactly would a room full of just white people share? They aren't all European or Russian they're just white in a room with other white people. Why is there a blackpeoplemeet and not a WPM? Because most dating sites are predominantly white b/c there are more of you than of minorities. So if someone wants to date person of color easier they could use BPM since there has to be blacks there. White people as a whole have never been oppressed, yes Jewish people and many other white cultures have but you're talking about simply white people club.
1	i know this will be buried but i have games like that all the time in normals (i know you dont believe me) but im in a community that has made me able to lose 8 games in a row and admit my mistakes and still go for one more game
1	I feel you will get more from taking Thresh, He can be played in more than just support while still being viable in the different positions. He might not have more stuns but with good game play will win lane and hurt the opponents ad carry much more. For support I use him a lot and his Q mixed with his E can set up easy pick off kills on someone then allowing you to bully the other player out of the lane as well as being very strong late game as a tank, who naturally has damage and armour built in with his souls. Also using his W you can help the jungler gank without any trouble from behind the lane or come faster from the river, aswell as the getaway factor of his W in saving the ad c and whoever gets caught out. Also to help bully lane add a lot of presence with thresh and when he builds up his Q passive hit the enemy AD Carry, it will really hurt early. Max his Q first, then mix in E and W depending on if you want more damage or more of a shield. With his build, I tend to use the recommeded set-up at the start trying to build a quick bulwark, following by more tankier items, but the biggest tip for help with support..... WARDS, wards everywhere, build tankier as supports wont scale in lategame for damage as the lack of creeps and gold will hurt them much more than if they just build a bit tanky and make sure to save their ad carry's ass. This is already way too long of a reply so I'll just stop here and link XSpecial's build, rune and mastery's set up for you, this should help you with him aswell :) If you want more help just message me and I'll try and help with more information on how to support with more champs and what to do in that role.   His top lane play is also very good being able to set-up being tank and helping the team mid and late game. His jungling is great with his Q's ability to jump in. He can also be played as an Ad Carry which I have done multiple times (Will post the games on youtube or atleast clips and final outcomes of the games) 100% win rate as ad c with him as well the natural damage and armour boost from souls help him a lot, proper farming mixed with his passive will produce a load of damage all the time. Aswell as the ulti to getaway from melee gankers.
1	Smartcasts aren't so accurate and even the pro's play champions that they aren't 100% comfortable with. And because of that you can't expect to know what the range is exactly for example on max range. I personally use shift to smartcast if i'm sure i'll hit with the spell. But if I need to hit a spell like cho's or naut's Q I really prefer not smartcasting to be more accurate.
1	The Issue is that everytime i try to Create a New League of Legends account on the Oceania Server this comes up. The account is for my friend and everytime i try to create one or he tries to create one this just comes up. I've been trying for about a week or 2 but the issue still persists.
0	I am going one step further. I hate Reddit posts that bitch about reddit posts and cast blame for the deficiency on a subset of redditors. These "meta"  posts are nothing more than navel gazing bullshit. Of course there are cute pictures of kids dressed up during Halloween.  We also see similar behavior in /r gaming, advice animals, and ect   Insert dumbass meme (big labowski turd, confession crap, pulp fiction poop)   "Reference recent high rated post with a comment to end behavior"   You know who you are, you read this entire rant, and you downvoted it.
0	Politicians aren't "in charge" of the economy.  Closest you get is the Fed Chair, and they do actually know a thing or two about economics.
0	You know nothing of what you are talking about. There are eyebrows that look good, and eyebrows that look bad. The point of makeup is to take the eyebrows that look bad, and make them look good. Some people have good eyebrows by genetics, and do not need to do this, and most people do not, and try to make them look like the good ones. Most people are good at this, and you can't tell the difference, so you think they are natural, but some people are bad at this, and you look at them and go "AMG, you should just use natural eyebrows because they look so much better" when their natural eyebrows look even worse.   It's a confirmation bias. The only eyebrows that look good to you look natural, and took a lot of work to get there, and the people who failed stand out to you and look awful.   This is ignoring people who intentionally make it look unnatural, but that's a very, very small minority.   Edit:
1	Number of bans does NOT need tweaking and the fact your complaining about the game just reiterates the stereotype that all  the league community does is complain. I dont understand how you can watch a broadcast from last year and not see the improvements made. There will always be something for you people to complain about. A game can NEVER be flawless. This game and its broadcasts great (great casters, great analysis, they show replays, good hosts, good interviews, decent camera work) show some appreciation for the work the ppl at riot put in. To say something is inexcusable is ridiculous, nobody forces you to play and you dont pay to play so nothing is inexcusable. Just stop watching and stop playing. But you wont because you know that the game is good and you like the broadcast you just want to complain about something.
1	So everyone knows what happened.... 5 minutes of Q&A with Morello, what we did we learn from this?     Riot is really happy with how big LoL has gotten in tournaments.   No new maps for awhile.   Balance is very important.   Stealth is till being worked on for balance (see above)   We (Riot) like trolling people
1	as a regular blitzstar player, use ranged characters. the power of a good blitzstar combo is that you can't anticipate when the pull will come (as in, they won't move obviously towards you to aim a pull), and will try to zone you from creeps. if you get pulled a few times and get frightened, the zone is even more powerful.   what makes life most difficult as blitzstar (for me, at least) is either ranged attacks (ashe or cait can get all the creeps without us being able to touch them, and are fast enough to duck behind creeps for cover from grab), or shielders - mordekaiser, sivir's spell shield, heimer shielding himself with turrets.
0	Or let people do whatever the hell they please. It's not like they are tattooing on  your skin . Something like a reddit based tattoo on someone you don't even know shouldn't even register on your radar. Why? Simply because it's no one's business to judge what someone else puts on their skin. It might mean something to the individual.
1	Since 3.14, every game I've played support in, I find that I'm having to hold back a LOT to ensure that the ADC is actually getting the kills. I'm barely trying to poke the enemy team back, and I'm nearly killing them every time.   This could have something to do with the tier I'm playing in having no idea what we're doing... but at the same time, it didn't play out this way before the patch.
0	Kids are kids.  It's easy to look back and be like "ya know, it wasn't that bad."  They don't have that hindsight or those learning experiences yet.  That's part of growing up, and unfortunately some of them don't make it past that part.  When you're a teenager, things seem a lot more extreme than they really are and the issues you might face at school may very well be your biggest problems in life.  A child in a third world country is worrying if they'll get water today.  A billionaire in New York can't decide where to fly for lunch tomorrow.  And a kid in a hallway at school is dreading the rest of his day because his bully is at the other end.   I kind of went off track there...
0	I was considered a bit of a bully by a lot of quiet kids back in high school. Like so many others, I turned out that way as some sort of a defense mechanism. When I was very young, I was shy and a really sensitive kid. Other kids would be mean to me and try to actually hurt me. At some point, I just had enough. I decided that clearly some kids can't be reasoned with and that they only understand one thing. So I got into a lot of fights and made sure that however hard I got teased, I could return the favor tenfold.   Because of this, by the time I got into the later years of high school, I turned out to be very loud and confrontational. Me and my friends would constantly try to prank everyone. At this point it was no longer a defense mechanism. It wasn't even mean-spirited, I was just trying to have some fun the only way I knew how. Also, it was the only way I knew how to make friends and interact with people in a "positive" way. Most people would indeed just laugh it off and I was quite popular. In hindsight, this was probably not just because they thought I was funny, but also because they were scared I'd use my "teasing skills" against them. I didn't even realize how some kids couldn't handle this or didn't appreciate it untill I heard from the principals office that we really had to stop teasing this one kid because he was actually becoming suicidal.   None of us even realized this. We'd tease him relentlessly, but we would tease everyone, including eachother. That was how school had "raised" us. We considered him as one of us. It was mostly silly pranks we pulled on eachother and most of us would just laugh it off if this happened. It was never mean-spirited and when things got out of control, we'd stick up for eachother. The kid turned out alright, but I still regret that I didn't notice how much he suffered. If he had just said something or had told use how he really not appreciated this without downplaying it. I had basically become the guys I hated so much when I was kid and I didn't even realize it.   Schools aren't safe environments for sensitive kids. I know how many people won't agree with this, but sometimes mild violence is the only answer these kids understand. If I hadn't stood up for myself and if I hadn't started fighting people who would try to bully me, I would have probably been bullied all the way to my graduation. It was also the only way to make sure that teachers took this situation seriously. Kids who are truly mean are really rare. Most of them are just kids who are trying to hide insecurities or are bullying just so they don't get bullied themselves. A lot of them don't even realize they are hurting others through their actions. Some of the kids I fought with, became good friends. They realized that they were actually really upsetting me. I think I only met one kid who kept teasing me regardless. I think he actually liked getting beat up.
1	Almost any champion with a gap closing ability.   No joke. Ahri at level 6, Akali at level 6, Katarina once she gets Shunpo. LeBlanc (I don't know her abilities much, whichever can move like a gapcloser). And, of course, Talon, because, Talon...   In my opinion, because I'm not the best Zyra player NA, the gap closer abilities render your turrets pretty much pointless, because that is a lot of your damage as Zyra. When you can't get minion kills, because of the harass from those champs, you can easily get dived due to a lack of items.   Once again, I'm not the best Zyra player. If anyone disagrees, then that is more insight I can use for future games.
0	Well, anyone should have the right to say any word. Nigger is just an example of that.   White people have done a lot of bad things, it's a fact. My issue is that the freedom people take in accusing white people or making jokes about white groups like the Irish or Italians is that they're the first ones to call you sexist/racist/homophobic when you make a joke about any group. The only way to celebrate diversity, it seems, is to not acknowledge any faults or funny stereotypes and only celebrate our differences positively, unless it pertains to whites.   I think my biggest problem is that I've dismissed true homophobes and racists as being complete morons that I'd rather identify with those who also want to move past it, but I feel like I'm being stifled and dismissed as narrow-minded simply for having a naughty thought or making a joke.   Two examples of White Stereotypes that no one does (or should) care about.   St. Patrick's Day = Drunk Irish   While the mob is a negative stereotype, there is a chain called Godfather Pizza. As an Italian Canadian I couldn't give a shit less, and just hope that sort of light-hearted take on race/culture can continue with an underlying true respect for eachother as human beings.
1	I thought about this today, but I've decided, not really.  I've been suffering from the major lag issues as of late.  Since I only play ranked, I find playing with inevitable lag to be a dumb move for someone wanting to hit Plat this season.  So I just haven't played at all (other than a bot game to get my first win money).  Over the past few days, I've been pretty depressed.  I don't really have any other games to play right now, and League's the only one I really enjoy playing.  It never gets old, and every game is something new.  But I also haven't really had a hard time NOT playing either.  I've got other things in my life that I'd like to do.  I've got a demo reel that needs to be finished by the end of 2013, so it's given me plenty of time to do the other things I enjoy.  The lags been gone for all of today, but I still haven't played.  I don't think you really understand what addiction means.  An addiction is a physical dependency caused by chemical imbalances (usually caused by chem. baring drugs).  The only way this can happen to a person through a game is through insane amounts of Serotonin dispersed at once.  This is incredibly rare to feel, being as our bodies are pretty well built most of the time.  The chances that you're addicted to the game physically, are slim to none.  No matter what CNN tells you.
0	I posted this in another spot in this thread, but its a real thing--it just may not be representative of the majority.   Look at this way. I meet 100 people.   One of them introduces himself by saying "Hey, I'm John.  I'm a vegan.  I'm a kickass vegan cook; I've won awards for it, but I'm not about the awards, man, i"m just about . . . you know . . . caring for animals."   The other 99 just tell me their names.   I walk away thinking that I met one vegan, and that he was obnoxious as hell.  In truth, maybe 9 out of those 99 were also vegan, but not hipster douchebags who were starved for attention by their parents.   My perception is skewed, because I think I met one obnoxious vegan and in truth I met 10 vegans and only 1 was obnoxious--but it's not really my fault my perception is skewed.  I'm not being dishonest.  My perception of the situation is genuine, just incomplete.
1	It's really a ratio of skill/entertainment. Guardsmanbob is incredibly entertaining to some people, but his skill isn't on par with Hotshot. I also enjoy watching starcraft, and destiny, who is one of the more popular streamers, is incredibly entertaining to watch, but doesn't have the same skill level as other pro's who stream who are less entertaining tend to have a similar number of viewers.
1	The reason DoTa could easily implement duplicates is because it started from Warcraft and the champs were units in Warcraft which could be duplicated and thus code had to be in place to account for this. Since LoL has had the assumption of unique champs on a team from the beginning the process of allowing multiples would require a code review of essentially the entire game.
0	I'm a chick, and farts are funny. I worked in an after-school program for several years. I also have severe IBS. We made the kids sit in lines according to their grade when we were transitioning activities. One day I had incredibly foul gas and didn't want to poison my coworkers, so I walked along the row with 1st grade and kindergarten and let it slip out silently as blanketed the entire line. It was fantastic. Every child was blaming someone different by the time I got back to the head of the rows. I clued in my co-workers and we sat back and enjoyed the show.
0	Ok, that's not fair if it happens every weekend. But think of it like this. Guy goes to his job Monday through Friday, and gets the weekend off. Stay at home mom goes to work 24/7, every single day, no breaks. Why doesn't she ever get a weekend off? Just one fucking weekend? When I was a stay at home mom, my boyfriend didn't understand. Now that I went back to work, and he's alone with our kids every week night, his tune has changed. Kids are a job, everyone deserves a break every now and then.  Also, "him giving up his entire break" just once, would mean that she actually gets a break for the first time ever. Kids are draining and demanding. And also wonderful and amazing. But still, you must be allowed to have a break from that. No one else is expected to work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, every weekend, every holiday, etc., except for stay at home moms. Trust me, it sucks. I love my kids, but damn, I'm glad I'm working again. Now I actually get to experience missing them, and the excitement they have when I come home or pick them up from school.
1	To start off, I do not believe this is riot. If riot wanted to, they could kick you off the servers(as the have done in the past) and thus they would have no need for a message of that sort. My guess is that someone taken the chat packet and manipulated it to their means. It might be possible to look through the league client with OllyDbg and understand how their chat function works and thus understand how to manipulate the chat packet correctly.
0	Let me tell you why that's bullshit! (I'm not some PETA nut, I just happen to be waaay too coincidentally relevant to this submission and saw it on the front page...)   As a teenager I used to sell tails, mostly fox tails. Not  butt plugs , mind, but I certainly was aware that's what some people turned them into.   Anyway I got out of it, but at the time I knew my damn business. I could identify what kind, breed, color, species the tail came from if I saw just a photo. I knew my shit.   and  let me tell you - if I had a dollar every time I saw some halfwit selling an "ethically sourced" tail that I could identify as  probably not , I wouldn't have had to sell tails at all. "Ethically sourced" means bullshit unless both the customer and the seller have the exact same definition. Unless they go into specifics it basically means nothing, and even if they do go into specifics, a good half of them I could tell just by looking at the dang thing that they were either     Knowingly lying, or   Had been fooled by whoever sold it to them to begin with.     Some of these sellers were starry-eyed teenage girls who claimed to be themselves vegetarians or whatever, and they would be selling a fox skin from a "roadkilled fox". No way in hell is someone finding a grade-A, rare fur-farm color fox just dead in perfect condition by the side of the road. It got to a point where everyone wanted to say their furs came from animals that just happened to coincidentally die. It doesn't work like that.
0	That's called the
0	What I'm gathering here is that most Canadians who visit the US probably visit the northeast because it is close to many major Canadian cities (Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa) and shouldn't be surprised to run into rude people. People in the NE are notoriously rude. The simple solution is to stop visiting the NE and visit the south, Midwest, and west. We may not have the Statue of Liberty or the Brooklyn Bridge, but we are courteous and polite. If you give a "sorry" if you bump into someone, you will get a " that's ok," or "you're fine" back.
0	Story:   I moved into town and found out quickly that I had been used as a ride, and was quickly pushed out of the place we all shared. Ex-roommate gave me room on his couch until I could find a job. After a few months, he, another friend and I get a 3-bedroom location, and I get a great paying job shortly after. I pay everyone back quickly and am able to pay my bills without complications.   Other roommate moves out, and Steve here decides he wants the bigger bedroom now unoccupied, even though it will cost more. But only moves his furniture into the new room and leaves a mess of trash and trinkets in his old bedroom, so no one can come in to see the place so we can get another third roommate.   Now that our bills are higher because it's 2 people, not 3, paying the bills, he has trouble paying his full share. Then he loses a job, and has less money to pay his share, but not go out to bars and events with his friends. Gets another job, and loses that one soon after. Has to keep borrowing money from me to pay for gas and food, and I have to cover more of the bills.   In one of the last months there, Steve said that he has the money to pay the rent and his share of the bills several times when asked before the end of the month. On the 1st, he has no money to pay any of the bills at all. When asked why he would say he has the money when he didn't, Steve says that he thought he would have had a bigger paycheck.   I find out through his social media that the following weekend, he decided to go out barhopping with his friends while I had to stay home, nearly broke from covering all of the bills at the apartment.   When I confront him about how much he owes me, while he's out having fun, I give him a list of the total he needs to pay me, and even ask him to work out a payment schedule. I also tell him he has to get a second job if he has that much trouble getting his bills paid. He whines that he'll have less time to spend with his friends, so having two jobs is out of the question.   When he won't work with me on the bills he owes, I threaten to take him to court. Steve then says that I owe him. He provides math where I suddenly owe the entire rent, utilities, gas and such from when I crashed on his couch, ignoring that he and his other roommate occupied both of the bedrooms in the place, and that when I had money I bought food, gave some to utilities and such.
0	I don't know why people are criticizing this; this is the basis of [efficiency wage hypothesis]( Paying a wage 5%+ above market average generally results in some combination of higher productivity, higher efficiency, lower search costs, and higher employee retention.   In completely anecdotal example, my grandfather was very high up in AIG (way before the whole financial fiasco), and he always told me to never take a raise after you get a new higher paying job, because if your current job valued you that highly, they should have been paying you that wage to begin with. In his opinion it showed a lack of loyalty to good employees.
1	With regard to questions regarding the decision-making behind Riot ToS, you may wish to reach out to them directly.   Speculating, I would say that Riot doesn't want to encourage the sale of accounts raised to level 30 by illegitimate means (botting) because those bots are also a violation of ToS and ruin low level games/new player experiences. Additionally, buying an account raised by another player (without botting) is against ToS because of the potential for Eloboost abuse. At the end of the day, your account is not actually something you own, which is part of the EULA we all accepted when we signed up.   With regard to why Riot doesn't have a service in place by which players can purchase 'fresh' accounts, I suppose it's because they don't really want players to smurf in the first place, since in an ideal world everybody would just play on their mains and be done with it. They don't outright forbid smurfing, but they aren't obligated to make it easy on you.   At the end of the day, high ELO q times are a problem for an extreme minority of LoL players, but readily available smurf accounts would have potential to seed unranked games (generally only players new to ranked) with an amount of high elo players. An unranked game with one Diamond smurf ruins up to 9 other players' experience.
0	i was the same, 22 now and i go alright with girls. Once i started going out a bit i found it didn't take much effort to pick up girls, and it just got easier and easier as i realised more and more that some girls are actually attracted to me. I don't go out with the desperate intention of picking up, it's more like if it happens it's a bonus. but it happens fairly frequently. at 19 i think i'd kissed about 4 girls. 3 and a half years later that number is probably in triple digits now. still never had a girlfriend, but that's because i shit bricks and run whenever things get remotely close to being a relationship.
0	It is a little bit funny, the whole doing extra work to do a simple equation.   But  coming from someone who accelerated in school, you should definitely look into accelerated classes for your daughter! If my parents would've done that for me when I was in elementary school (and getting corrected for the same type of stuff as your daughter) I probably would've stayed more engaged in learning and done my homework. I got bored, I thought everyone else in my classes were stupid, and as a result I started slacking on my homework. Fast forward to college, the learning curve caught up to me and I realized I had no patience to learn something and put effort into schoolwork. I dropped out after failing a few classes due to not doing the homework, and now I'm in my mid-twenties trying to get back into a program that is now going to take me until my thirties to complete. :/ She'd probably enjoy being able to really show off her skills and learn new things! :)
0	I like the use of
0	In which case, after the fact, you would be the person asking her out right? Even in the case with grown ups you initiate the "do you want to go out for drinks sometime" plan.   Nope. Nobody asks like that , it would be weird and awkward. Normally it goes like this: two people notice each other, one initiates flirting, the other responds. They flirt, laugh, touch a bit, drink some, talk, flirt more etc, rinse-repeat until they end up banging. Afterwards, if they want, they make plans together to go somewhere and do something (in vast majority of cases, it is something they both enjoy, and it turned out naturally mid-conversation).
1	I love how reddit is agreeing with freeze, based on freeze's opinions. Both k0u and freeze are obviously completely opposed from each other and therefore completely biased. None of the stuff they say could even be close to the truth. Reddit like always, looks at stuff as if it was obviously someone's fault when most likely 90 percent of the shit that goes wrong in this world its both side's fault. I really hope some day people get that shit isn't just black and white.
1	Also, Dota 2 server are as often down.   > I once was a Dota1 enthusiast, however I stopped because I felt like the developer didnt care about their game, and patched every 5-6 months. Then we would get 2-3 hero changes, and sometimes a new hero. I got bored after a while.   Ok, stop. Go away. What a stupid thing to say.   You are saying Icefrog/Valve don't care? They care a hell of a lot. Hence why they put out amazing, well thought-out and balanced patches far apart from each other instead of small, bug-filled and half untested ones like Riot do.   DotA 2 patches take time because they like to get everything right the first time, instead of releasing half-baked shit to the public only to apply hotfixes every fortnight.   You know how many changes DotA heroes go through? Not much at all cos again, they like to get them right the first time. Look at Rengar. Riot have gutted that champion and changed him in like 4 patches. Instead of dedicating time and effort to it.   DotA 2 is down hardly ever. Literally, hardly ever.   You are attacking and bitching just as much as Kittz is, yet you call him out on it. Classy bro.   Get a grip, Kittz brings up some very good points, don't pick the couple you disagree with and call him out on it.
1	Dumbphone, no data plan.   -Laptop, but my wifi adapter is on the fritz.   -Fuck no. If my classwork is done, I see no reason not to play League.   I love your
1	I think WW has support potential, but I don't think he's comparable to other more typical supports.  The reason I say that, is because most good supports have renewable cc (i.e., lulu cc, leona stuns, nunu slow), big auras (sona auras), or big sustain or other buffs (soraka heals/armor, nami, etc).  WW passive would pretty much go to waste as a support, as you won't have the levels or items to really utilize it like a lanewick or a jungle ww would be able to.  WW's Q is pretty much useless as a support, due to it's high mana cost and being item dependant to really have much of an impact.  It could be useful for some early agression in lane, but I see it as easily counterable and not comparable to some better poke/harass champs like lulu or sona, who can do it more often and more safely.  WW E is not too useful because he won't be the one looking for kills in a fight - it'll have occassional use, but not often.  His W is strong no doubt, but I feel like that's all he would be good for - that and item auras, but you can item aura any champ.  His ult I think is too risky for a squishy support to be using effectively.  It's a good ult, but there's better support ults available.  I think Malzahar would be just as good of a support - ult is just as good, maybe even safer, and he has a huge AoE silence!  Other than a terrifying kill lane, he would not make a good support, I don't think.  Overall, not a bad idea and could be fun to play around with a WW support, but I don't see it being as good as some other supports.  Rather, I do think his W is very strong if you're building a team around buff and protect your ADC.  Maybe like a nunu support, a ww jungle, a gangplank top and a vayne ADC - that's still sort of a gimik comp, but I think it's more viable if you're looking for a good way to synergize buffs and whatnot.
1	while that might be true, you cant tell me that patch-after-release-patch lee sin was balanced. you cant tell me that tf was balanced, you cant tell me alistar was balanced, you cant tell me garen was balanced (he went from SUPER op to overnerfed back to op, back to underpowered and we will see how he is now. he has been changed a lot) lord knows irelia took 9001 patches to balance. morde was extremely broken for a LONG time, pantheon went through a garenesque super op, to up to op to a now pretty decent spot. tell me the nerfed kayle was usable? how about gangplank after dreamhack being fair?   point is the game was not balanced in both ways. the seperation is now WAY better, and i personally feel like only new eve is truly not viable (she doesnt scale well enough. she has the same problem old xin had, and YES i have had like 20-1-5 games with her, that is not relevant and is topic for another discussion) the reason is because the super strong champs got brought down and the super weak champs got brought up. yes people got smarter, but if you go back and just look at what some of these champs used to do, it just reminds you of how stupid they used to be. alistar could tank your entire team for 6 seconds without any chance of even coming close to death at just level 6 (not to mention freewinstar in the midlane). shaco could get level 3 with both buffs by 2:10 (fuck shaco). certain things though are people just changing. ashe went from being #1 to not really played much just because of a nerf to a cd? no, people learned that ashe loses early and that even late game, she has very prevalent weaknesses that people can exploit.
0	I've seen your name pop up a couple of times but I have literally no idea what everyone is on about can you
1	I didn't float around I went on a 13 win streak in  gold 1 into plat promo  went 1-3, won again went 2-3, won again went 3-0. And i'm not sure what your post is about anyway I
1	She can be successful at some kind of low elo ranges, where people don't know how to handle her and let her snowball pretty hard, but at higher levels of play people don't let katarina be that successful. Katarina have a problem that consiste in being so strong and so weak at the same time. If she is set behind she becomes really useless and cant really have any impact on the game. That is due to the new katarina being so easy to play and she is no longer a high risk high reward champ and is now a low risk low reward champ. Due to the weakness of ap assassin katarina people started to guild tank katarina and go too lane with her, being a teamfight disrupt spam bot that just needs to absorb and zone as much people as possible. Carry katarina is in a bad spot at the moment, she needs some balance fixes, riot cannot nerf her damage anymore because damage is the only thing katarina does, riot does need to raise katarina damage and make her more difficult to play, so people who do the best to get a full ult off get a better reward.
1	I used to support all the time. It was fun, exciting, and you could really fudge up with enemy's minds by warding everything. Now, on the other hand, I wand to try out other champions... I slowly started playing Nidalee as AP. Then learned to mid with Annie, and then Veigar. After that, pretty much any champ that comes to my hands can be.. well.. I'm decent in any champ, even if it's my first time playing with him. Same goes for AD, and for Top.
1	You have a point except for the fact that the new icons just look flat out worse than the old ones - both artistically, and functionally.   They don't fit the art style of most of the champions, and even accounting for the general aesthetic changing, they don't fit the art style of the map or UI either. They look like they belong in Starcraft 2 or Diablo 3...   They're also MUCH harder to differentiate between when compared to the old ones.
1	It's just an excuse and trying to cover the fact that they got beat, beat hard! I mean why wouldn't you train and practice hard for the NA regionals finals especially when a place in the world championship is on the line and a place in the season 3 championship, i think its just a really bad excuse and i have seen a lot of pro gamers try and find a reason to why they got beat but they just got outplayed on the day, you don't go in to the finals where $40,000 is up for stakes and the difference of the money between first and second place it's always nice to have the extra money.
0	As a former fatty to skinny i think the problem is that obesity is looked like a lack of self control when it is not easy to quit something you start early, while in actuality it needs to be looked at like a disease much like smoking.  Sugar is addictive as hell, and some people are more susceptible to it.   I also believe that the majority of large women are not curvy but just overweight and out of shape and they use this curvy reasoning to justify their laziness.  At the same time the fashion industry is going for a crazy overly skinny style that they post is attractive.   The solution is pretty easy for those that want to be skinny.  www.fit2fat2fit.com and only eating during a 8 hour window every day.  It will stop the majority of bing eating and is a sure fire way to get in shape.  Dont buy the pills ect ect, just get stuff off amazon thats equivalent.
1	In the bundles tab there are two bundles. If you get these two bundles you will get you quite a few champions. I'm fairly certain I have yet to play several champions that I got in these bundles. This was almost a year ago. These two bundles will net you like 40 some champions.   If you bought all the champions at one time, you would be thoroughly overwhelmed. I would say it takes about 5 games to  really  get a feel for a champion. 5 games for 120 champions is 600 games. More than likely you will take a liking to a few champs and play them a bit more than 5 games. A $60 game includes probably close to 1/10 of the content that Riot has released  FOR FREE.
1	Lol, why was the Bill of Rights even mentioned? Let me take a stab, you claimed you had some kind of "First Amendment" right to say whatever you wanted in a video game?   The statement "The Bill of Rights doesn't apply to the internet" is technically true. I mean, if you are in China are you going to complain that your First Amendment rights are being violated even though China doesn't even have a First Amendment?   As an American citizen it does apply to the internet in certain limited circumstances, it  does not  apply to League of Legends. The game is run by a private entity and as such they can,  generally  dictate what rules apply.   Kind of like how your parents can ground you for cussing in the house, you're not going to be running to a lawyer to sue them for unconstitutional restriction of your First Amendment rights.
1	I am a generous jungler and give away almost all my buffs and even a lot of my camps, I like to aggressively gank/counter jungle instead.   However, I still believe laners should generally ask before taking jungle farm throughout the laning phase. Its not so much that the camps won't spawn fast enough as communication is ALWAYS important. Just ask, I'll probably say yes, but please ask. Why? Well firstly it's polite, it shows that you respect your jungler and their role in the team. Secondly, you have no idea what my intentions are, maybe I was intending to aggressively farm till level 6, maybe you taking golems and wraiths just screwed up a strategy of mine, who knows? You don't, because you didn't talk to me about it. If you ask we can work together to achieve compatible goals. If you just say, hey can I farm golems? I can take that into consideration when I'm judging my clear time and gank opportunities and we can work as a TEAM.   When communication is there I have made some really great trade offs by sharing jungle farm, I've given my top free farm on golems and they have consequently got super farmed and won lane without my assistance allowing me to focus on the more fragile mid and bot lanes. I've had mids who I've given the wraith camp to and as a result they have warded the enemy wraiths and helped me to counter jungle. There are benefits to sharing jungle farm and not acting like "hey all this here is MINE", but it requires communication.   There are definitely situation where you are going to want to take all jungle for yourself, generally when you are behind. There are also situations where you won't want to give away buffs, like when your mid is losing lane and will probably just give it to the enemy mid. Just to clarify, by losing lane I mean feeding. If your Ahri is 0//0/0 but is having trouble holding lane because she is always being pushed by their Malz, give her blue. The CD and mana will allow her to spam her spells, take pressure of her lane and start roaming like she should.
0	I never tell people how they should have gotten there tattoos but I've had a friend who got a tattoo that was in Spanish that was supposed to say "I love my girlfriend" but instead of "novia" which is girlfriend in Spanish it said "novio" I told him his mistake and felt pretty bad about it, he ended up going back and getting the o to look more like an a.
0	If you're a gay man that hasn't had a negative association with the word f-----, great, but that doesn't give you the ability to speak for the entire community. 1)There are thousands of people who have had that word thrown at them while being bullied, shamed, and physically assaulted. They don't get to choose to be offended by that word, the association is forced upon them. Same for the n-slur. This is stuff that continues in the present tense, and to demean them as "just being touchy" is heartless victim blaming. So stop.   2) Beyond all that, words are what we use to teach people meaning. By contributing to a culture that introduces young boys to the words gay and f----- as negatives, long before they have the nuanced or even complete understanding of sexuality that we do, is terrible. Imagine any number of preteens on xbox live hearing and regurgitating homophobic slurs, then eventually finding out what they mean. They've internalized that negativity, possibly even before they know their own orientation.   3) You're saying that sucking dick is objectively submissive, and therefore fair game as use for an insult. You're wrong on both counts. It's a personal choice that can go either way, but for my two cents: I say, and feel, that the one in the power position is the one who has the teeth around the most sensitive part of their partner's body.   Reddit is great because it gives us the best possible toolset for breaking down cultures that perpetuate harmful ideas and language. It's also terrible because it's hard evidence that people don't choose to use it that way.
0	It would be nice if that could happen, but it won't.  I work in science research (although a completely different area); government grants for research are being slashed.  They used to be the best source for money for research, but without them, most academic researchers are having to turn to industry in order to fund their research.  If you were to take away any of their industry funding for vaccine research, it would slow down the process dramatically.  Industry research also has a few redeeming qualities; because it is profit-driven, it typically can speed up the process.   I get where you are coming from, and believe me, I would like this to be true in all areas of research (I am focusing on environmental issues in my own research), but it isn't sustainable.   What I would say is the real underlying cause is that a scientific medical researcher published a study that said the MMR vaccine caused autism in one of the most prestigious medical journals.  If I remember correctly, he had a very small sample size, but this made a number of other researchers look at this issue.  Very few, if any of their studies were able to find the same result.  It turns out the original researcher was developing an alternative vaccine to the MMR vaccine and was approached by a law firm representing parents who's children had autism and were suing saying the MMR vaccine caused autism.  The lawyers asked him to find a link.  He has since lost his medical licence.  There was one bad scientist/doctor, and I think it started people thinking that this must represent the medical research community.
1	I agree with pretty much everything you said, since it's pretty much all fact, haha, except for the part about Rammus. If Rammus is an issue, you want merc treads for the MR + Tenacity rather than Zephyr, especially since Zephyr doesn't provide any defensive stats and doesn't help much vs beef.   If you're going to build a Zephyr, it's likely going to be in combination with either Swifty Boots or Ninja Tabi, depending on what you're dealing with. If you want Zephyr specifically for the tenacity, I'd recommend going Ghostblade + Merc Treads instead since the avarice blade part of GB will help you to, slightly, catch up in gold and MR is pretty much always nice to have unless enemy team is all AD, in which case feel free to go Zephyr + Nin Tabs. In fact, Zephyr + Nin Tabs is perfectly fine to get AFTER Tri Force if the enemy team is all AD, in my opinion. And... actually I think I'm getting off topic. I'm sure no one cares that much about my opinion, so I'll stop here. :)
1	There is no such thing as supernatural powers that can't be explained by natural scientific laws and logic. I wouldn't like to see the process that leads people to the conclusion that god does exist. I imagine it to be a scenario like this:   "Hey pa, did you see that apple fall from the tree? I didn't touch it so how did it fall?"   "That's called magic, Jim-bob my boy"   "But I didn't use magic, so who was it?"   "It was a man who exists everywhere in the world but has never been seen, heard, or experienced in any way by anybody. That man's name is God, and he made the apple fall with his magic"   "Oh yeah, it MUST be God's magic, there is no other explanation!"
1	I played her a lot since she came out, because she is a lot of fun but she has a lot of issues.   Her mana costs are quite absurd, you are almost forced to get a Chalice as first item if you want to do any sort of poking in the lane. Poking with just Q unlike on many other mids (Ahri/Morgana come to mind) is very lackluster and will barely phase most enemy mids. It just does way too little damage on its own... her full combo (QEWQ) does quite a lot of damage if you can pull it off, but that's where the problem lies - pulling it off is extremely hard and nearly impossible on most mids that run MS quints and have any form of mobility.   She has very good lane pushing but at the same time EXTREMELY lackluster roaming capabilities... You simply can't gank other lanes with her very well, something that is extremely important in today's metagame. Her CC requires too much setup and is too easy to dodge and unlike other mids she just simply requires too much time to set up her burst.   Her lategame presence in teamfights is also lackluster, she is supposed to be a single target burst champion which I presume was meant to take out the bruisers but her damage just doesn't allow her to do this very quickly, considering her low mobility and lack of escape she just gets jumped on and if she doesn't flashes, she dies. This is a severe problem.   Unlike the last 2 mid champions that came out, she is simply not up to par. I understand they wanted to be cautious considering the extreme negative reactions they got on the last 2 mids being too strong, but they went way too far with the nerfs on her during PBE. She is an extremely high skill cap champion that has way too many weaknesses to make it so that she is playable. Her strengths are supposed to be her CC (2 forms) and her "insane" singletarget ultimate, but she gets outclassed in  every, single way  by almost every other AP mid that is popular in the current metagame. Ahri, Morgana, Zyra, Orianna, Gragas, ... all simply outclass her in every single aspect, even in the ones she's supposed to be good at.   To fix her, they need to look at the missile speed on her W firstly. That ability is AMAZINGLY hard to hit due to how slow it is and the awkward range. Her Q simply needs to do more damage and her E needs to be on a lower cooldown I feel. Considering it's her only way to defend herself, it just doesn't do.   Comparing that to  Zyra's E (another low mobility champion that actually does well) :     Cooldown: 12 seconds at every rank   Magic Damage: 60 / 95 / 130 / 165 / 200 (+0.5 per ability power)   Root Duration: 0.75 / 1 / 1.25 / 1.5 / 1.75 seconds   Cost: 70 / 75 / 80 / 85 / 90 mana   Can be paired with a slow (W), extremely reliable     vs  Syndra's E :     Cost: 50 mana at all ranks   Cooldown: 18 / 17 / 16 / 15 / 14 seconds   Magic Damage: 70 / 115 / 160 / 205 / 250 (+0.4 per ability power)   Can be paired with a stun (Q, 1.5 sec) but is extremely unreliable     Comparing  ultimates  of the same two champions,  Syndra :     Cooldown: 100 / 90 / 80 seconds   Cost: 100 mana   Singletarget ability:   Damage per Sphere: 90 / 135 / 180 (+0.15 per ability power)   Minimum Damage (3 spheres): 270 / 405 / 540 (+0.45 per ability power)   Maximum Damage (4 bonus spheres): 630 / 945 / 1260 (+1.05 per ability power) <- added this for no real reason, as this is literally almost impossible to pull of.   I'd say it's pretty common to do your ult when you have 2 spheres on the field, making it a 900 base damage nuke.   Let's take a midgame amount of AP (300) and rank 3 ultimate with 2 Q's cast in beforehand (8 seconds of preparation without CDR, 4.8 seconds with 40% CDR): (180 + (0.15   300))   5 = 1125 damage.     vs  Zyra :     Cooldown: 130 / 120 / 110 seconds   Cost: 100 / 120 / 140 mana   Magic Damage: 180 / 265 / 350 (+0.7 per ability power)   Area of Effect radius: 700   Two seconds of CC if you don't run out   Let's take a midgame amount of AP (300) and rank 3 ultimate: 350 + (0.7 * 300) = 560 AoE damage, we all know that Zyra's ult is always paired with the rest of her spells though, which grants her an immense amount of burst.   The above shows with the same amount of AP it only needs to hit two people to do the same damage as Syndra's ult with  significant  less amount of preparation time, all the while being a  freaking AoE spell .     It's just not good enough. As for her ultimate, the base and bonus damage per sphere just have to go up. It's extremely aggravating considering how hard it is to get the full benefit of the ability to see it do less damage than Gragas' or Zyra's ultimates  while not having any direct CC linked to it and not being AoE  unlike the 2 just mentioned.   Riot has mentioned several times it's better to get the fun-part about a champion right first, then worry about balance. Well they definitely made her fun, but very, very unrewarding so I hope they stay true to their word and give her the buffs she deserves, because unlike Rengar she doesn't have a sleeper OP ability with some absurd scaling and instant reset to skew with her winrates.
1	having a fresh level 30 with scaling mana seals because they were tired of running out of mana on ezreal and were told that manamune was shit is unfun for everybody. Crit damage  maybe  benefits 2 champions more than ad runes. I understand that the game needs an IP  sink , but putting nigh troll runes in the game for the sake of "customization" when that customization is suboptimal is an unecessary trap. The whole rune system needs to be run through with a fine tooth comb. They need to round the numbers to make them cleaner and better to understand. They should add a new mark, seal, and glyph slot and make them available at level 1 along with your first quintessence slot and  give  champions a T1 rune for each type to introduce the rune system to new players.   With 10 of each type they could give us runes that aren't 1.67 but 1.5 and round everything to make runes easier to understand and lessen the burden of math on new players. Round cdr runes to .5% per for glyphs and allow us to rune 5% cdr without having ridiculous rune setups. Set AD mark at 1.5 so champions can see rune pages with a clean 15 that isn't rounded. Remove "secondary" runes or modify them so that they aren't complete shit 99% of the time and necessary for 2 champions 1% of the time. If they're going to radically change items for s3 and the cost value of stats they should change the rune system to be more friendly to new players too.   I don't mind that runes are an IP sink. I understand that their main purpose is to increase Riot's income with a secondary purpose of giving players some interesting customization at the beginning of the match (along with masteries). The only thing I  don't  understand is why they decided to put strange rounded values as a standard.
0	I was with a girl on and off for about a year and a half. She had a habit of apologizing for things and wanting to get back together shortly before gift giving holidays, or any holiday in general, because she knew I was going to get her something whether it was a big day or not, because I was blindly, madly in love with her. I knew all along that she just wanted the things, but sometimes, the way she would smile at me when we were just together, not doing a thing, made me feel like my little lie of a love was worth it. I lied to myself for a year after our final and ultimate breakup, telling myself that there was something really there, some truly happy memory worth holding on to, and I wept at night because I really, truly wanted to believe something was there. A few months ago, I got a call from her grandmother who raised her for several years and with whom she was somewhat close. She told me that the girl had admitted to only wanting to be with me because of the money I spent on her, but said the way she talked about me, even the grandmother thought something may have been there once. This only further damaged my already confused heart. However, since then, I have been doing better, and have been in a good, stable relationship for a month or so, so I guess this story has a happy ending.   Sorry for writing a book and taking you on a probably unwanted tangent.
1	I agree with you except the mid lane thing. It's gotten pretty stale unless you play someone off the wall like Morde or Ryze. Every mid needs Sorc Shoes, Athene's/Seraph's(almost always Athene's), Void, Deathcap, Zhonya's. This leaves one fun item which is either DFG for assasins, Morellonomicon for the heal meta or a defensive item for almost everyone else. Sure you might look at that and go, but they have like three whole choices to make and what about Hai building whatever he wants on Raka blah blah blah.   The point is no one builds Rylais, WotA, nerfed Lich Bane(except lulu and TF who got played once by CLG), Nashor's Tooth, Hextech Gunbland(not even Jax builds it damn), Twin Shadows (maybe support or TF?) and probably more. So many items just aren't viable anymore.
0	It is infinitely easier to be "clever" when you have an infinite amount of time to come up with something "witty" before you decide to make your submission. Being clever/witty on the Internet usually is devoid of what  actually  being clever/witty is all about - Impressive/inventive dialogue that is mostly so impressive because of how  quickly  you are able to produce it (a matter of seconds vs minutes, hours, days, weeks)
0	Please report the dog to the police/animal control.  I've been in a similar situation.  My dog who isn't all that small was attacked by an animal of similar size when we went out walking one night.   The attacking dog broke loose from its owner after seeing my dog and just went right into attack mode.  I had to physically remove the attacking dog to get it to let go of my dog, and then lead my dog away. I was in pure protect mode and probably could have easily been bitten.   The owner was very apologetic and offered to pay for the vet bills and everything.  My dog had a few puncture wounds from the dog's bites.  The Vet urged me to make the call to the police to make sure that the attack was on record.   Turns out the owner had several other dogs removed from his home and euthanized for attacking other dogs and people.  He was forbidden by the city to have any more dogs in the city and was arrested the next day.
1	Um, yeah. It is arguing semantics. He's talking about how people use the word "meta" all the time and don't actually know what the word means. What you're talking about  is  metagaming, but there is no such thing as "the" meta. There is the most effective/efficient strategy/team composition as supposed by the people who  do  metagaming, but that is not "the meta". "The Meta" would be a compilation of every piece of knowledge of the game and how things within the game interact with one another that was not made specifically available (for instance, the dynamic between the bombs and Syndra's W would be part of The Meta).   Metagaming is simply doing stuff in the game, not for necessity, but for reasons that you or somebody else has supposed  outside  of the game itself. For instance, right clicking to move is not metagaming. Deciding between Black Cleaver and Last Whipser is metagaming.   Basically, this is why semantics are important, too. Because a bunch of people started using a word incorrectly, the word "meta" will now, probably, be used incorrectly for the life of LoL. When people who actually  know  what "meta" or "metagaming" means hear people discussing the LoL "meta" they will be confused. They will know that it is similar to what they know the word to mean, but it will be somehow different. This is why semantics are important for lucidity in communication. Because many people are semantically incorrect, there will always be a communicative barrier between "us" and "them". Being able to communicate clearly is the very foundation of language.
0	She's actually not stupid and can make very valid points.](  People don't take her seriously sometimes because the way she acts and represents herself to the public eye.  She's a smart woman who knows what it takes in today's music industry to be at the top.
1	1.- Don't know why CoL picked morg and not lee top (deny from dexter, westrice most confortable champ). Also, don't know why didn't they picked tresh as supp if CLG had locked braum, ahd CoL had kass.   2.- Pr0lly sould've just avoid gauntlet and go zonyas (enough counterplay to yasuo), if u had a lead and u are going to force fights and snkowball (kog was pretty fall behind), u do not go defensive item. That was dumb.   3.- Despite de result, still don't agree with CLG's bot lane arrogance to pick braum-kog and go 2v2, (lose the lane, no map pressure top or bot). If CoL didn't threw at baron, they could've perfectly snowball and make a win from that decision. If CLG wanted yasuo synergy and safer lane, just pick nami. CLG showing not smart draft or plan.
0	Hijacking for relevant story. My paramedic instructor told us a story about a fellow paramedic who was in a bar, woman next to him goes into cardiac arrest. So said paramedic starts compressions, and attaches an AED. Now this woman was wearing an underwire bra which had to be removed for proper application of the AED. Long story short he successfully resuscitated her, after which she sued him and won for exposing her breasts to the public. I have no proof other than my instructor's word on this. But my point is, people are shit.
0	This just sounds like the second company made a horrible mistake. First they over valued her--that is if her skill level is tech support level. Second, they should have looked closely at her reason for leaving her old job--the fact that she left the hospital in a lurch speaks volumes about what she'll do to the new company.   This woman left critical medical systems in an unfinished state. Peoples lives depend on those systems--there is no way I'd hire a person who did that, even if I agreed they were being under paid. I expect consideration and respect toward customers, your wife has zero. If she did, she'd have helped hire and train a new person before leaving.
0	Student in audio engineering and computer science here.  You're actually a bit wrong.  The easiest way to understand why modems make that noise is to compare it to an audio sync technique called Longitudinal Time Code (LTC).   LTC syncs analog tape machines together using an audio signal which is translated into SMPTE time code.  Don't worry about understanding that too much though.  The main point is that LTC used a square wave while the receiving end listens to that square wave and translates it into binary code.   You know what a square wave [looks like](  How they have shelves on the top and bottom.  LTC listens to that square wave and whenever it hears a specific pattern of the wave it equates that to a 1.  The other pattern would be a 0. It is actually that simple.  Once you have things in terms of 1s and 0s you can do almost anything with binary.   [This website]( explains LTC much more in depth.  I'm showing LTC instead of dial up because it is much more simple to understand, but the idea is still the same.   If you played a LTC as an actual audio track you would hear a very fast clicking sound and it would sound somewhat similar to dial up noise.
0	I'm not understanding why I'm getting downvoted.   Bible thumpers like this asshole are parroting their beliefs from the bible. They do not hold these beliefs in any intellectual sense, since they are literally quoting a story book...   Therefore, it's hard to call them hypocrites, because to be a hypocrite means you need to have your  own  opinions and then act against them. You can't have your own opinions when they are derived from a story book. Another analogy would be a 2 year-old repeating something he heard his mom say. It's not his opinion, he's just a 2 year-old.   The analogy about the parrot implies that bible thumpers belong in a zoo.
0	When I was still in school, I remember I lent several people my video games. For instance, when I was in elementary school my "best friend" borrowed my copy of The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past that also came with The Legend of Zelda: Four Swords.   When I went to high school, I remember this guy (I suspected his parents neglected him or he was poor because his clothes looked worn out and he had some serious B.O.) borrowed my copy of Kingdom Hearts 2. I asked him about my Kingdom Hearts 2 game several times and every time he said he was going to bring it but he never did.   So now I know to only let people that I absolutely trust borrow my stuff and if I don't trust them, that's their problem.
1	Well, it's a partial solution anyway. The problem, as it was described, is that you CAN NOT laugh in their face without being punished for it. The fan base aside, you WILL play with the man in so many other games, therefore it's very easy for him to drag you down with him. It should be teamplay afterall, so one person intentionally feeding can ruin the game no matter how hard you try (and the rest of the team). I know he had X mostly as an enemy, but there is not so many players to pick from, so there's a good chance he will have him on his team.
1	I agree with rotarytiger but I think his statement that ranked games are not for fun is false. I believe that they are for fun but the fun comes from winning.
0	Pretty common from what I'm told. I do it, and many other uncircumcised guys do it. Lest you get that drop of piss stuck in there and it leaks out all over your undies and sometimes to the surface of your pants. Among other nasty complications. So if you see a guy walk into a stall, and just hear the noises of him taking a leak, chances are he's doin a dab.   Also, to answer anyone who might ask "how do you wipe if you are forced to use a urinal?" it's really simple. I wipe it on my hand, and then wash my hand. Might as well, right? I was gonna wash my hands anyways before leaving the undoubtedly nasty restroom I was just using.
1	Korea uses a circuit point system to determine who goes to worlds; the top two teams in circuit points at the end of the Summer season will automatically get the first two spots in worlds. The third through sixth-place teams in points then play a regionals gauntlet to determine who gets the third Worlds spot (sixth place plays fifth place, winner then plays fourth, then the winner of that plays third).   Before the Summer season, T1 K had 450 points, tied for first with Samsung Blue, with Samsung White in third at 375 points. At most, T1 K can get 75 circuit points from winning NLB Summer; Samsung White, on the other hand, can get 150 points just from placing third in OGN Champions Summer.   At this point, aside from the Jin Air Stealths causing a major upset over Blue, T1 K can only get the second-place seed  IF  Samsung White gets 4th in Champions while T1 K reaches NLB finals (White would have 475 points vs SKT K having 510-525 in this case).   If White gets 3rd in Champions (which is 150 points), T1 K  must  win NLB just to force a presumable tiebreaker for the second-place spot (both teams would reach 525 points in that scenario). However, imo even if T1 K gets the tiebreaker, they will just lose again to White since White has had their number all througout Spring up to now, and they're definitely the stronger-looking team atm; so yes in all honesty I think T1 K is going to get third-place in circuit points for sure.   Regardless of T1 K's performance in NLB however, they are guaranteed to get at least third in the circuit points. NJWS (the current fourth place) has no chance to get enough points to make up the 125 point gap between them and T1 K.
1	Here's my story.   I started playing rankeds a bit too early and dropped down to 800 elo. My mechanics were relatively bad and I had a rather small champion pool. Still the main issue I had back then is that I didn't have enough knowledge about different champions and their abilities.   So I went back to normals and started practicing jungling as I found it to be the most fun role to play. Sure it has it's downs too, people tend to blame the jungler when things go awry. Which to you can probably relate if you have jungled in the lower elos. I praticed about 5 junglers and 2-3 champions to other lanes. This took maybe 100 games.   I eventually went back to rankeds and started raising my elo. I played jungle everytime someone higher than me didn't pick it. If I didn't get to jungle I tried to get my 2nd strongest role and so on. I got to 1200 rather easily, but then things started to get tricky. I was stuck for over 50 games around 1200. There started to be a lot of games where even when I was quite fed(I mainly played tanky junglers).   So I picked up the ultimate playmaker, Lee Sin. I tried to pick him everytime he wasn't banned or picked. I started to carry my games harder with him. And finally started to raise my elo again. From this point on my elo rose quite steadily.   I got to 1490ish a couple of times where I was just one win away from gold, but lost a couple of games in a row and dropped. Yet again I found myself just one win away from gold. Our 1st pick had picked Lee Sin jungle, the enemy picked Gangplank and Nidalee. I decided to go top as our 2nd pick went TF mid. I thought "oh hell with it, at least I piss off my lane opponent" and picked Teemo (as a sidenote this was my first teemo pick in ranked). We actually won the game and I finally got my gold.   I stopped playing rankeds after this. I'm currently just playing normals and the new 3v3 with my friends until S3 starts.   P.S. I only played couple of games per day on those days I actually had time and weren't too tired. This was due to time constraints from my university studies and summer job.   P.P.S. I only queued solo.   Thanks for reading.
1	I wanna say that i came on to this subreddit with the intent to post something to this nature. I feel the hostility is overpowering. I also want to comment on something a little racey!!!! I really do hate when i am playing and a teammate doesn't talk the whole match, follow lane calls, or even when they steal farmed minions. (when you are fighting wolves and they come up and get the last shot on a small wolf)(i mean come on right)so they don't talk the whole match and then near the end after denying 3 surrenders (they are 0/11 by this point) they come in speaking spanish saying something uncomprehendable. Then when google translate comes into play ("I own this game, im the best") is what it translates. I think ok troll you dont speak english, you are playing a team game, and you have nothing to say about feeding or stealing minions except that you own this game and are the best? Sorry got off on a tangent.
1	Are you really comfortable playing Malphite/Yorick/other champions that you don't usually seem to play? Saying this, the two games you played champions you're extremely comfortable with (Singed, Vlad), were two of your best chances against Azubu Blaze. Yorick and Malphite games...not so much. I don't know if it's how comfortable you are with them, or just how the champions do vs Azubu's playstyle, but yeah.
1	So this been a while ago in SoloQ: this guy was first pick, didnt said anything in champion select, even when we asked. He did the usual bans and picked Orianna. So we assumed he was a midlaner. I went support Thresh, and we had an Ezreal adc with a normal top and jungle. In game the orianna went straight to bot lane. We asked him, but he didnt communicate. Ezreal with ad runes went mid. I thought omg.. but he played normally, even a potential kill in the first minutes. But things went bad and worse and eventually he began to feed. I checked his match history and it seemed like he did more of those things.
0	I've personally owned two windows laptops for 4 years now, using them for anything from Web browsing and movies to 3D modeling and Adobe after effects, and both still run perfectly fine as they did when I first bought them. I've also been running off the same desktop windows pc for 5 years (I've upgraded some components yes but this is something you also couldn't do with a Mac) and it still runs perfectly smoothly (hard drives are still the originals too). My whole family has owned windows laptops/desktops and none of them have broken or been replaced in the past 3 years. On the other hand, I've seen several of my friends go through multiple macs or have to repeatedly send them in for months at a time to apple for repairs.   I think a big part of things is A) buy a good brand. Biggest difference between windows and apple laptops is there are a range of retailers and manufacturers of Windows based laptops, whereas there is only the 'almighty glorious apple'. If u actually buy a good windows laptop from a quality brand then it'll most likely last you the same as a mac book. Asus, Acer, Lenovo, or Samsung, avoid HP, Toshiba, Sony or Dell if you want something most likely to be of high quality and longevity. Especially avoid dell as they function similarly to apple.   2) If your getting a desktop pc, custom build it. Individual parts get their own warranties, you can get exactly what you want and know is good, you can tweak it however you like, and you can always modify or repair it if something goes wrong or you want to upgrade. If you so much as open and touch anyrhing inside your mac or dell tower you practically void your entire warranty. Have fun waiting through painful customer support phone lines and then waiting weeks to months for them to repair it.   3) maintain your damn computer! Is electronic equipment, clean out the dust, don't be too rough with it, keep dirt away from it if possible, keep anti virus and other protective software up to date and don't use bloatware. This stuff is so damn simple but some people seem mystified by it...   Anyways, as someone who has worked on and built computers for many years now, I really disagree with the whole notion that "apple products last longer and are more durable". All I see is you getting overcharged by double for a slick (also boring IMO) shell and Simplistic OS, all the while really getting nothing more than you'd get with a Windows based computer for half or even less than half the price, and the extra hassle associated with apple products when something goes wrong is just laughable. And the incredibly diversity of Windows laptops and desktops in terms of design, customization, and broad functionality, as well as far superior compatibility with software AND external hardware makes this whole 'debate' an incredible no brainer for me.
1	Use your q to get on a minion behind him when he flamethrowers your ass and THEN stun him.  So much of rumbles damage is focused in his positioning.  If you can force him to turn with you to do damage you'll avoid a lot of it.
