1	I think you guys are being a little hard on the Giants organization. They are a small org that probably couldn't afford a gaming house unless the team made LCS. Don't forget a gaming house requires a credit check which you will fail if you don't have income or at least can show that you have investors that will cover the cost if your income falls through. Financing PC's? credit check. Financing furniture? credit check. If you are a small organization these can take a lot of time. All it takes is a look at their sponsors page to see that they might struggle to make ends meet or at least provide proof that they could afford to rent/buy a house without the LCS salary.   The next step after actually being able to purchase/rent a house (after finding one that suits your needs of course which can take over a week) is when you can actually close on the house/move in. Only big organizations can actually afford to do these things ahead of time and even then it is a risk. Considering I would guess that Giants! was probably paying their players with borrowed money to begin with you can't fault them too much.
1	I was in champ select and 2 of our players argued over jungle. I wanted to AD carry but got stuck with mid, so i just went ziggz in case i do horrible. So as soon as we join the game, our jungle (which was last pick but other player was nice enough to give him jungle) afk'd because he didn't want the sympathy of giving a role?? it was stupid i know... but anyway, this was my promos to gold 3, last game to make it   Laning phase was fine, i managed to get a double kill because of a failed gank, i was vs'ing orianna in lane, Our bot lane did well too and our top was irellia and she was so fed. She ended up 1v5 under 2 towers, and she got a penta... anyway we kept pushing but the strain of having 4 players was getting to us. But eventually we kept pushing and killing and pushing. every time they came back up to defend we just killed them. It was amazing because no one was toxic and we were all patting each others backs.   Win promos and to my surprise i skipped divisions to Gold II :D
0	Wow, that's some serious shit.  Now that you told her, cut her out of your life.  She's too toxic.  If she ever changes, great.  If not, it's on her.  When you see her at family occasions or out somewhere, acknowledge her like you would a distant neighbor.  Keep conversations polite, simple, and superficial.  It sucks being a loved one of an alcoholic, I know from experience.  If it really bothers you, there are Al Anon meetings for family and friends of alcoholics, where you can connect with others in your situation.  It might be a good idea for your parents to go too.  They'll get support and suggestions on how not to enable her and how to not be codependent.  Good luck!
1	I hate you, pilo :I   Because of you I had to deal with an AP Tryn who stole top from our top lane, forcing our top Jayce to go mid, while my original intentions were to go mid; in the end forcing me to support.   Not to mention he went AP Tryn against Darius, without telling us about his little build.   He only did this build because he read this thread
0	Well, it DOES affect us on a much deeper level of our psychology. Our sexuality is more or less the foundation of our personality. It sets the mood for how we will interact with others based on our reaction to their physical appearance. This is altered by our actual interactions with them after we first see them, but if you apply chaos theory, then the initial state has great influence on the end result.   Getting myself back on topic, rape IS just another crime, but it affects us in a different way. When the part of our brain that deals with sexuality is traumatized, and our sexuality directly affects our interaction with others, the trauma very easily and noticeably affects our interactions with others from that point on more than other types of crime.   That being said, I think the reason society views rape as so different and horrible is because most religious mores include the idea of sex being objectively sinful except for the purpose of a husband and wife making a child. That stacked on top of the fact that it was a nonconsensual, usually aggressive criminal act, makes it seem twice as bad to those who place great value in tradition and religion, which is most Americans.
0	Just that the idea that the constitution strictly limits government power, but then we interpret portions of it to be essentially gaping holes in any sort of meaningful limitation of power.   What good is a constitution, if anything you can construe to be in the "general welfare" of the people, or dealing with "commerce" (yes it was intended as interstate, but we've thrown that out the window to) is ok?
0	A less trite summary of my philosophy of shittiness than so far provided:   People are gonna be shitty sometimes. It's part of being people. It is good and healthy to recognize and accept that some of our behaviors and thoughts hurt other people, even if it doesn't lead to self-improvement.   I think that the worst kinds of people are the sorts that do shitty things yet are too self-deluded to appreciate themselves as being sometimes hurtful people. It is also unhealthy to hyper-focus on the shitty things you do to a crippling and self-hating extent.   Self-improvement is great! But even if you're unwilling or not yet ready to put in the effort required to undergo meaningful changes to your own attitudes or behaviors, a realistic and self-aware appreciation for your own actions can make it easier to passively be a less shitty person by choosing the better of equivalently selfish actions that provide different levels of happiness to others. And if/when you are ready for meaningful self-improvement, it's the best place to start from to get the most bang for your trying-to-make-the-world-a-not-so-goddamn-awful-place buck.
0	I have always been told that I am a natural teacher, so perhaps my example is not the norm. However, within the first two weeks several of my students have told me I'm their "favorite teacher," and some have even made me pictures that I proudly hang around my desk. I have them do quick writes every day and when I grade their notebooks, I comment on each one specifically. Their love of my attention made the extra 5 hours of work over the weekend worth it. Many of their free writes (they get to choose their own topics) is directed toward what they like about my class and how they like me as a teacher because I'm funny (I do a lot of moving around). Many of them tell me how they hate quick writes and how I should stop making them do them. These I answer with my reasoning to why they need to learn to think on the page and how most jobs that pay well will require this talent, to which I get more writing out of them to explain how else they might learn these abilities.   Some of my students are just there to act out, push their limits as far as they can, or try and get out of work. I'm not a huge fan of strict rules, and the school I work for is. I have to walk them to and from lunch in Junior High... (ಠิ﹏ಠิ) It's hard to know what to do with these kids because you're really just looking out for their best interests and they see you as the boss in their video game that needs to be conquered. They will say anything to upset you. They are huge trolls. If you can't laugh at, shrug off, or ignore trolls,  do not teach junior high.  They are all a bunch of trolls.   But I digress. I come home exhausted; I always feel like I'm behind on something; I feel like I'm missing half the stuff I'm supposed to be doing; I wonder all the time if I should try to help that kid I know was taken away from her parents and now she's acting out in my class, and maybe I can help her, but she probably wont respond to me because she already sees me as the enemy so what the hell should I do? Frustration is the name of this job so far. I constantly have the "what else could I do other than teach" conversation with my husband, and I've only been a teacher for a total of 3 weeks. But I will tell you that when I am in the classroom, and the kids (or at least most of them) are involved and interacting with me,  it is the funnest thing I've ever done.  Sure I've pulled "mean teacher" on the class once or twice, but usually the majority of them straighten up, and we can have fun again. I put in 200%, run myself ragged, and come home completely exhausted every night only to work more from home, and the kids only give back 50%, if that. They don't care enough to spend their time on it; they don't get it and so they wont go that extra little bit to try and figure it out themselves; they want to be hand-held through every assignment; they don't listen the first 5 times you repeat directions, so you have to repeat a 6th time to each one individually and they still wont do it. Sometimes the kid is trying really hard and they just aren't getting it and now I have to think up some way to get through to this one kid, which adds another 2-3 hours of work to my weekend. However, when that one kid gets it, or they tell you how they notice that you really work hard to help them (more so than Ms. So-in-so who doesn't care if they fail), it makes everything seem worth it. It doesn't change the fact that I still have 20 other kids who might not have gotten it, another 5 who are straight out in rebellion, and 10 over achievers who feel neglected because they don't need my attention as much as the stragglers but they  deserve  it just as much. It doesn't change the fact that I have 20 notebooks to grade this weekend, a ton of grades to upload into my gradebook (it's progress report time), a 45 minute formal observation with a planning meeting and feedback meeting with my principal on Monday that I have to prepare for, and I need to make sure my lesson plans are all up to date online. Am I happy with my choice? Yeah. It's hard work, but it's definitely worth it when you see how much of an impact on their lives you actually have.
0	So this post is about people knowing they are ruining something and then blaming it on someone else? Yeah sounds about right. If you don't like the price take it to a laundry mat. That price is probably that high because students kept ruining washing machines and bitching that it costs $2 so now it's $6.50 so they can buy new washers after you ruin them.
0	Wrong, asking ethnicity is a way to ensure a balance of races, so that an entire college isn't made up of only white students. And I'm pretty sure that you can choose not to answer.  It's also a way to help find out demographics and finds out all kinds of information for stuff that has things to do with social sciences.
1	OP this is a giant load of bullshit. Back in my days of starcraft 2, i wanted to improve so i looked for ways to improve my play, apm, builds, etc. and so i found osu. Yes my APM increased but mechanically i was at the same skill level. osu doesn't do anything you list here except give you a bad case of carpal tunnel. You improve because you want to improve, you go up in rank because you want to go up, you cannot rely on "training" games to make you better at another game.
0	First off, this all happened two decades ago. Back then the closest thing most of us mere mortals could get to "internet" was a very unruly 32-modem BBS. As far as getting off the streets goes, I guess I eventually got tired of all the hardships one must ensure to have that level of freedom, so I cleaned up, stayed in a shelter until I got some menial but steady job, used that to rent a room from somebody, and then kind of went from there.   Most of the people I spent time around on the streets had serious mental health or substance abuse problems which hindered both their desire and ability to find a way off the streets. I didn't have anything like that going on, just a dumb kid trying to live by some romantic ideal of the road less traveled or whatever, so the transition wasn't hard.
0	Honestly, their complaints stem from poor customer service.   When they came and installed our 50Mb line, they gave us the wrong router.  My buddy who owns the place was like "nah it's cool" since he got a good connection being a millimeter away from the fucking thing and since it was in his name he didn't do anything about it, at first.  Since I got shit internet upstairs and he didn't.   I was, at the time, thinking this can't be the correct router, this is a dinky little Belkin that I had when I could get HBO on my TV just by hooking the internet line up to the TV.   Well, I called them and told them and sure enough not only did he install the wrong router but he put on a bunch of in-line resistors improperly that were supposed to balance the signal, but really were just insane interference.   The problem was that it was some sub-contractor for TWC that did the initial install and argued with me about Belkin modem being better than my Linksys WRT54G going through a Surfboard modem and that I was wrong and that's all the Internets we were going to be getting or deserved, then he wouldn't pick up his phone when we called to get it fixed because, I assume, he was a dumb ass.   So Time Warner sends out one of their actual tech guys, who looked like a Navy Seal of internet installation.  I still don't know why you would have that many computers hanging off of your gear vest.   Anyway, he was extremely gentlemanly and quite polite and knowledgeable, pretty much the anti-thesis of most of the installers I've had.  Fortunately, I've had some interesting philosopher-esque installers in the past.  He was too attractive for that gig, you know he didn't have a problem getting laid.  I think I even told him, haha.   I usually never do that, mostly because I'm straight and I have enough problems getting girls to like me without sounding gay, when I'm just being nice.   My friends say I say the gayest shit like Tobias Fünke, sometimes I do it intentionally, but I think it's really funny with my truly accidental phrasing too.  Like when I described to someone how to hit this certain type of pipe, and my best friend was there to turn it around and make it super gay.  To be fair, put your lips around it and suck really slowly doesn't sound straight at all.
0	I agree completely. I think it's a great show and it certainly pioneered the extremely graphic/zombie genre, but the most watch series on TV? Come on. In addition, the whole reason that I liked watching it is because it was enjoyable to watch some people blow the heads off zombies. I'm not even a violent, "YEAH ZOMBIES!!!" person, there was just something fascinating about a zombie apocalypse, and many others feel the same way, as shown by the shows popularity. Now that the biggest problems are other people, congratulations, you now have a cast of two-dimensional characters and shitty plotlines with the only redeemable aspect being the realistic effects. Instead of the Walking Dead, I'll go watch Breaking Bad or Game of Thrones. The only reason the Walking Dead is even in the same paragraph as those other two shows (which are both excellent btw, you should check them out if you haven't already) is because it was incredibly unique.
0	Sorry if I'm treading on your dreams here, but working from home and looking after a kid are fairly mutually exclusive, unless you plan to work in the 2-3 hours of child nap time and get almost nothing done in the rest of the day.  It's not so much that they scream and cry and shit their pants, which they do (a lot), it's that you're constantly interrupting your flow in order to check that they're not eating some small deadly object they found, or pulling something breakable off its shelf onto the floor, or attempting to strangle themselves with an electric cord, or  how the hell did you climb up on there you're not supposed to be there oh god will you fall off before I can sprint over there to grab you .  Babies are a little easier because they stay where you put them, but they still need a lot of attention - and the stress of not knowing what it is crying for is harder to cope with.  The idea that you'll just sit at the computer working and the child will safely entertain itself for more than 10 minutes at a time is not realistic.
1	The problem with Shaco is that he literally does his own thing the entire game.  Roaming, ganking, picking fights and deceiving away, setting up traps and waiting, talking smack in all chat.  He attracts the type of player that doesn't want to play as a team.  The result is a champ that is incredibly fun for the Shaco player, but incredibly unfun for the other 9 players.  Whether Shaco is on my team or the other team, he pisses me off.  He is the very definition of anti-fun, something that Riot has said they want to remove from the game.
0	I work in the online world, working remotely is pretty common in that industry.  Full disclosure I put in my dues before I got to this point.  Almost nobody is going to let a kid straight out of college work from home.  When I first moved to NYC and started my career there were years where I went to work and it was dark outside, took the subway underground to work, and when I went home it was dark outside.  In a way I used to do my budget in terms of how many $1 junior bacon cheeseburgers I had in my account.
1	Everyone is talking about sportsmanship, ethics, and professionalism. So let's talk about these 3 things.   The match is an offical match organised by IPL. The prize money is a paltry $300 (paltry in top streamers' eyes). IPL requests (but cannot enforce) participants to switch off their streams during the match so that people would watch the official stream.   Top streamers (like most of TSM, and also those of Dignitas who do stream) can make $300 in about an hour. Maybe two. So obviously the prize money is good, but not an important issue. Top streamers can also easily afford to stop streaming for a couple of hours. If they did so, or simply left a blank screen with a banner giving directions to the official stream, the official stream would have a lot more viewers. If the official stream gets a lot of viewers, they would make more money. This will allow them to A) stay in business, and B) offer more prize money for future tournaments.   So the first thing here is that TSM decides to stream the matches anyway. This does not have any direct benefit to the tournament, as it takes away stream/advertising income from the organisers. This benefits only they themselves. (You can include their fans in that statement, I guess) They would rather line their own pockets than to help support a company that is organising interesting tournaments for the community.   Now, the next point would be that Dignitas was allegedly ghosting their stream. Obviously, if there is a delay, this would not be a problem. After all, the official stream has a 3 minute delay. However, TSM decides to stream with no delay! So not only are they streaming, they are getting one-up on the tournament organisers by streaming before the official stream. So TSM makes a conscious decision to stream an official match, with no delay. Which means that everything that is shown and talked about in their game is now available to the entire world.   So we finally come down to the ghosting part. It's next to impossible to find concrete proof that anyone is ghosting. I have, however, seen evidence presented that could be circumstantial proof of it happening, because it seems to show that Scarra had information of something that was only discussed verbally on the TSM streams and not in-game. This is circumstantial, because there are many other ways they could have received that information. One of their friends could have told them on skype/vent. Someone might have mentioned it on their IRC chat. Maybe, someone called scarra and said "Hey William, Regi's mike is spoiled, Dyrus has so-and-so runes, and they are going to switch lanes!" So there are other ways for Dignitas to receive that sort of information without ghosting.   In real, professional sports, you take make the best out of every advantage you get. Lets take American football. Obviously, it is absolutely unethical to steal another team's playbook. But what if that team published their playbook for the whole world to see? Along with a livestream of their pre-game discussion and an in-depth explanation of all their strategies? Would you call their opponents unethical/un-sportsmanlike to take advantage of this information?   In basketball and soccer, teams often decide their formations and lineups based on their opponents. If you're playing against a team with an incredible player (Think Kobe Bryant, or Cristiano Ronaldo, or Lionel Messi), you might come out with a more defensive lineup, assigning more than 1 player to stay on to their attacker. But what if the opposition team announces the day before, or even on the same day, that the star player was injured and would not be playing? Do you stick to your defensive strategy? No. You change your tactics to adapt to the situation.   A professional sportsman does everything they can to win, as long as no rules are broken. TSM put their in-game information out there in the world for everyone to see. There are a myriad of ways for Dignitas to receive that information, even passively. Should Dignitas therefore shut off all contact with the outside world during official matches? No IRC, no Skype/Vent with people outside the game, no taking phonecalls, not even talking to their siblings who had been watching the streams in the other room? All this, while TSM is allowed to broadcast everything to the world?   One more thing about professionalism. Being professional means doing everything to win when there is something on the line. Even in a $300 match, there is some money, and some reputation on the line. So you try to win, and part of how you do that is by not giving your opponents any advantage. You try to counterpick them, while you try not to be counterpicked. You use your knowledge of their usual strategies in your play. You plan according to their playstyles. TSM chose to not only stream an official match  over  the official stream, they chose to do it without any delay, which obviously shows how they are neither taking the match nor the tournament seriously. If you're not taking things seriously, then don't cry when people take advantage of you.
1	This is actually NOT correct.   What actually happens is when you duo with with someone much lower elo than you, you don't face opponents that have mmr equal to the average of you and your duo, instead you play with opponents that are HIGHER than that average.   Let's say you are diamond 5 and duo with gold 5. If we assume mmr is distributed through equal intervals, the average of you and your duo should be plat 5. HOWEVER, the system will arrange it so that the other 8 players (other than you and your duo) have an mmr around d5-p2 range (I'm saying this as approximate). You will not be playing against anyone below diamond mmr.   However, the 3 players on your team will have similar mmr to the to the opposing 5 players. The only person at a disadvantage is your bottom elo duo.   E.g.   Your team: d5, p1, p2, p2, g5   Their team: p1, p2, p2, p2, p2   *for the case that you and your duo's mmr are similar, you will almost always be placed at the bottom 2 picks. When this happens, you, your duo, your team, and your opponents' mmrs will all be relatively similar. You and your duo will USUALLY be either in pick positions first and last, or fourth and last. Other pick positions are rare but possible.   This is a pretty basic explanation but I can go to detail about extras cause I'm a beast. Also if anyone wants to know how season 3 clamping worked and the +0lp phenomenon... dzbeballin has the answers.   If anyone wants a further explanation, think of a radical curve (f(x) = sqrt(x)) as a representation of the improvement/skill curve. The mmr curve is supposed to be analogous to this (Elo vs Ladder Ranking [in terms of division/lp] - think about the distribution of players in each division) and thus the x-coordinates of you and your duo will be averaged and the corresponding y-coordinate is the resulting team selected mmr. It works something like this (not 100% but pretty much)
0	Who are you to question the depth of their love?   Why should she assume that just because she can't find someone she cares about as much as her pet, that others must not be able to as well? Don't try and pretend that it's not common knowledge that people care more for other people than animals. She should've used common sense and not compared a person to a dog.   > It's not how you feel, it's how they feel.   He's talking to someone about losing his dad and he should be thinking of the feelings of the co-worker?   >Instead of being insulted you should be thankful someone was trying to relate to your pain and offer sympathy.   I like how you tell someone going through the grieving process how to feel. Never mind the fact that she compared his dad to her dog, which is obviously insulting, no matter how much you love animals. Either way, if anyone at any point in time compared losing a pet to losing a family member or friend, that person deserves ridicule.
0	I knew of her throughout high school but we never really bonded. She used to bug me to take a picture with her at lunch everyday because she was friends with my younger brother in middle school. I Would always shoot her down, but i would always make sure our paths cross every lunch on my way to class. I remember at the end of the year on the last day i finally took a picture with her.     Fast forward to the middle of college, I had been single for month and months after being dumped by a girl I was seeing. I was friends with alex on social media and I began talking to her to expand my social circle. I found common ground with her when I found out she was a huge fan of greys anatomy.     So we started hanging out and she laughed at my jokes and thought I was general funny,  Which is a keeper in my book. I realized I had a thing for her so I told her and she admitted to having feelings as well. So we started going on dates and everything was as amazing as a honeymoon phase could be.     However I got sick over the holidays of our first year I had gotten sick and as diagnosed with testicular cancer and had surgery. Luckily I dodged a bullet and have been in remission ever since. She came and took care of me the day after my surgery and I knew i loved her then. But I was jaded from my previous relationship and didn't express how I felt right away.    So we date and we date and we reach one year and everything is great. Then we slowly fought more and more. I was never great at communicating when I Would be upset.  And she felt I wasn't really trying to move forward in life and felt like she way banging me.     So we stay together and it gets rougher and being together the problem between us. So after I did things I shouldn't have and she said things she shouldn't have we called it quits. Coming up on a year ago. I loved that girl even though we hated each other. She was my best friend and showed me so much about myself and what I needed to do with my life and I will always be grateful
1	Thats hundreds of dollars some of the bigger streamers/players would be sacrificing by not streaming. Zion who had a big week last week and was named MVP streamed immediately after LCS and got a huge audience turnout, at one point around 8k viewers. The Coke series is getting a big audience, larger than what Riot expected as Nick Allen said earlier in the week -- so viewership isnt struggling.   I dont think it's fair to ask these players to not stream and thus make money. When they have their big moment and get a lot of attention they need capitalize off it for financial reasons AND to continue growing their own player fan base. Yes they do earn a salary from Riot but its not as much as people seem to think it is, their biggest earning potential is from streaming revenues.
0	This is misguided at best, and possibly harmful at worst. As others have said, while a proper diet and regular exercise may be healthiest, those within the grips of depression have particular trouble keeping up such habits. Medication can work wonders if prescribed properly. They surely aren't a panacea (we really don't have a solidly effective antidepressant that seems to work with many people), but they certainly should have much less stigma surrounding them (excluding the use of such drugs and Adderall, Ritalin, etc. for children).   For example, I've suffered with depression of varying severity for the past 7-8 years. Recently I began taking an SSRI in addition to regular talk therapy (which had been ongoing for months before the SSRI). With the introduction of the SSRI, suicidal ideation has all but disappeared. I still suffer from motivation problems and general depression from time to time, but a certain spiraling pathway of thought that had become increasingly common in the months leading up to the prescription of medicine was broken during inception. I'm talking about a gradual change (over first month or so of medication) from suicide being an all-absorbing presence looming behind my train of thought at any given moment, ready to hook into any negativity or self-perceived failure to... shit, I don't know, normal being? Literally night and day back to what I had hardly remembered from happier times years ago. Now I still have to keep myself mindful or else I end up continuing previous habits that tend to cause me stress (procrastination, especially), but the difference in stress and avoidant behavior now that I don't seem to have a sword hanging over my head constantly is profound. Additionally, I would've sought therapy (and medication) years before if not for internalized stigma about seeking help (for mental health and in general).
0	1000 for Hate because of Homophobia. Snowden is purely self-interest on Russia's part.
1	Simple answer: NO   Just because we all know  that Fiddle's 40 Year Fear  only lasts 3 seconds, doesn't mean we can't say it doesn't feel like its longer than that?   Kassadin's Silence feels stupidly strong because it hits me and I'm not an ADC, I can't do much while he bursts me from 100 -> 0. It doesn't matter if it lasts 2 seconds or 2 minutes, I'm dead. Who cares.   The rest of the things you are talking about must have been you playing with some flat out stupid LoL players, because I've personally never heard that kind of talk in any game. The "hyperbole" aren't ever things as dumb as what you are talking about...
0	Receiving a sexually harassing joke from your boss and then getting fired for returning an equally harassing joke is grounds for a suit. As such, the boss is highly unlikely to fire you in the first place. That's beside the fact that the boss felt safe enough to joke with you about that at all, which sends a clear message about what he thinks is okay.
0	I think the people who have replied thus far are simplifying it just a smidge, but sex is primarily about procreation and feeling good. If it wasn't meant to be something enjoyable, it wouldn't feel good. It's not something artificial like candy. It's something nearly everyone can enjoy.   Shame and fear and all this secretive bullcrap is tied to religion and modesty. I'm a Christian, so it's not like this is some atheist-bashing-religion, but a long time ago we were much more care free.   Watching porn is not cheating in any way, shape, or form. However, if you have agreed not to watch porn and then go ahead and do it, that's a violation of trust just the same. Trust is important in any relationship and to violate it is to undo everything you've done to get to that level of trust.   Some people don't like porn because it's gross. Some people don't like it because they think it should be a private affair. People who think it's cheating have deeper issues and they should explore that. You're not getting emotionally or physically invested with the people on the screen. It's literally no different than watching people play basketball on TV in that regard. You're not actually playing basketball. You're watching them.   It's voyuerism at best.
0	Agreed. Between student loans and paying for the basic creature comforts afforded by our times, money can get spread pretty thin. I'm happy where I am for now, working for better financial security in the coming years.
1	no this is nonsense, there's a reason every pro will tell you there's no talent in western soloq, I could never in 5 million years make it into the LCS if high D1 is the highest I can reach. You gotta be able to AT LEAST EASILY hit top 10 challenger to even have a shot at POTENTIALLY being good.   Obviously D1 players are like top 1% and thus better than golds or plats but they are still shit. There's a reason why lm_ls (last shadow), a guy who is barely d1 in korea is paid hundreds of dollars to coach EUW and NA top tier challenger players.   Because they dont actually understand the game, they are either one trick ponies or just have some mechanical skill. No one gets to high elo because he has such a good grasp on wave control, or rotations, or team comps or picks and bans. It's all raw mechanics.
1	He said "you guys", he's generalizing the subreddit, not making it into a single person. There is very obviously a vocal minority here who shit talk anyone who doesn't excel and they also very obviously have effects on the morale of the players. OP isn't being hypocritical whatsoever.
1	The point is that Zed utterly shits on mages and the one advantage they might have which is poking and farming safely is impossible because Zed does it even better. Every other mid assassin is fine because there's actually some risk involved in their laning phase, in the cases of people like Diana and Talon they can make the choice to use precious mana to secure a last hit or put themselves at risk by getting in melee range and being susceptible to poke. Katarina and Akali can last hit from a distance, but due to the nature of their respective Q's it requires good timing since the first half doesn't do that much damage. Meanwhile Zed does a shit ton of damage with his W/Q that outpokes ranged people, farms from a safe distance, and can be used virtually forever.
0	Premise: I am half black and half white so I can be as racist as I fucking want.)   Alright, what you (presumably) white people don't realize is that, EVERY OTHER AWARDS SHOW IS FOR WHITE PEOPLE.   --90% of TV shows and movies have white main actors and actresses.  --100% of networks are owned by white people (Including you're favorite channel to bash, BET) --I can really go on and on but you can youtube search "Kanye West Taylor Swift" and you will get the idea. "BEYONCE HAD THE BEST MUSIC VIDEO OF ALL TIME". Though that might not be true, it was damn sure better than Swift's.   This all comes back to the clever white person adage "if white people had a channel called White Entertainment Television it would be so racissssstt" .... EVERY OTHER CHANNEL ON AMERICAN CABLE IS WHITE ENTERTAINMENT TELEVISION   This then comes back to how Black Power is looked at as positive movement whereas anyone who screams "White Power" is a racist.  Black people have a struggle that they need to unite for. A struggle that was imposed on them by the whites, originally.  What long term, fucked up struggle have white people, in America, gone through?  A white person screaming white power is like saying they would like to maintain said power, power that blacks have never had in America.   You need to put yourself in another person's shoes every once in a while.   I started this post by saying I am half black and half white to say now that I receive the most hate out of anyone in America.  I will tell you how: --Dark skinned dudes hate me because it is easier for me to get a job and for white people to like me. Also, dark skinned girls are assumed to be more attracted to light skinned dudes (NOT EVERY DARK SKINNED PERSON IS LIKE THIS BUT I WOULD SAY A MAJORITY ARE) --I get hate from white people because, well, white people do not like black people (NOT EVERY WHITE PERSON IS LIKE THIS BUT I WOULD SAY A MAJORITY ARE)
1	A while ago, before the Heimerdinger Vu i saw a video of a riot employee. I forgot the name, he showed his work flow using a video of him making heimerdingers vu, But also "SINGED". Although I havent heard anybody else say anything about it so it might still be a ways off. But the beginning is there, he just might not be the next  in line.
0	I once had a cavity in my tooth, and I felt some food stuck between my teeth, one of them was the one with a cavity, and it was on the side with it.   I carefully took some floss, ran it between the teeth and got the food out. And a chunk of popcorn kernel. Amd my cavity was gone.
0	Just keep doing what you are doing man. There are a lot of people that see you and think good for that guy for fuck sakes.. and im one of them. You just don't hear from us because we feel like it would be rude to go up to someone and say hey good work im proud of you.
0	each number is a multiple of 1.5.   24 is the 16th multiple   33 is the 22nd multiple   96 is the 64th multiple.   the difference between 16, the first multiple, and 22, the second multiple is 8. the difference between 22 and 64, the third multiple, is 42.   42 divided by 8 is 5.25.   so, the pattern is that you multiply the previous number (divided by 1.5) by 5.25 to get the next number.   after 96 it would be 504, 2646, and 13,891.5, which are the 336th, 1764th, and 9261st multiples of 1.5, respectively.
0	This happened to me a few years ago. It was late and I missed the last bus home. Someone offered to give me a ride because they lived near me. This guy was a complete need for speed jackass. I honestly think he learned to drive from ridge race as he tried to slide in and out of every turn, including freeway ramps. I didn't say anything but held on for my life and never spoke to that guy again. Doing someone a favor does not mean you can endanger their life for it.
1	They cant, you cant sue for similarities in game-play, 300 heroes take nibbles from every existing franchises, from anime to games to real historical figures...   it would take an entire alliance of Jump comic, Nintendo, Blizzard, Riot, Chinese cultural commitee, DC, Marvel,  Square Enix, Madman Entertainment, Type-Moon, and which ever manga companies published SAO, Tokyo Ghoul, AoT etc etc
0	that just makes it 18 per 100,000.   I think many people would take issue with the "just" portion of your statement, particularly considering how our rates of pregnant women have been going up where fatalities due to car accidents went down last year.   The
1	This was such a bummer. The games crib episode was suppose to reveal some big apparent reason for the boot but I cant help but return to the thought that it was more personal then business. Nothing went down when Chaox was benched and left at the TSM house. This was all over something that happened in Dallas which he was punished for. Players on the team went from saying "We are 85-90% sure this is just a temporary thing" to "let's vote". Maybe the Dyrus clip in the end just hits me hard and im typing out of pure emotion but everything is pretty laid out clear to me. Props to chaox for taking it so professionally I know I couldn't have done it.
1	Did you hear the way he said "shut the fuck up"? He said it in such a sheepish way, how can you even get mad at that? I understand he said it in a profane way (btw we're talking about gamers here) but if I were regi i would've taken the hint that maybe dyrus was getting slightly annoyed but then he takes it to the next level and starts badgering him about it which would've instigated a fight from me if I was dyrus.
0	I'm short, my boyfriend is short. I much prefer this to being with a really tall guy or girl. Besides, I like to be the one doing the protecting sometimes!   My first ex was really tall compared to me, aside from the guy turning out to be fairly unpleasant all round I can't say it's something I'd ever look for in a person. Kind of unattractive to me, made me feel disproportionate and physical contact -even holding hands- a bit more awkward than with someone roughly matching my height.
0	You know, I think this is is just super Meta, like it's obviously the UNpopular Opinion Puffin, so in Op's opinion he is using the Puffing in an Unpopular way, making this meme popular by using it correctly. ^1 Ipso facto, he is using it in the Unpopular way, which is how it should be used, seeing as it is the Unpopular Opinion Puffin. Perhaps it is just an Opinion Puffin who happens to be Unpopular, who says it is the Opinion which is Unpopular?
1	Can people stop the  some champs  are OP just because they're fotm. Most champs in the game are viable if played right/ not shut down correctly. A friend of mine play annie top and he never loses lane with it. Do you see anyone saying annie top OP?
1	Great reply and I'll try to address as much as I can in the time between my classes.   Your point about Twisted Fate is well taken. I had taken him into consideration but I meant someone truly global. I know, I know, balancing issues and all but I'm sure with enough number fudging and what not, it could be plausible. Your point about Orianna is also well taken, though I think those examples are far and few.   In both cases your points are valid but I really should have worded my statements better.   An Orianna that is played as an AP carry or a support is still, in a sense, played within roles defined in the League subset. She offers advantages and disadvantages, but doesn't necessarily confer the sense of a different sort of champion. As you pointed out, Sona is a favorable support but I'm sure that there are instances where Orianna might be a circumstantial pick. Most champions that are released don't offer the same breadth of versatility (that aren't nerfed anyways).   So, lets put it like this. Orianna may fit the role of an AP carry or a support. But that is a preexisting role within the League meta. What I would like to see from Riot are champs whoose cohesive abilties don't have to fit the meta. Yes, I'm sure you could build Orianna as an AD carry or a top lane bruiser but those would not be roles she would particularly excel at. Further, those are roles defined by the meta.   What I am suggesting instead is the release of champions that are fundamentally different, mechanically to what we have now. Bruisers  are all gap-closers and shields. They might play differently to a degree but at the end of the day, if you try to master top lane, your mastering the lane more so then you are the champions. Champion master is crucial but their similarities make them so that if your good with Xin Zhao and you pick up Jax for your first game, you wills till dominate.   But now rather take instead, a champion whose entire purpose is to push for example. He would most certainly make a terrible support and would probably not fit in the current meta at all. In fact, the champion would be unviable in the current meta. However, that would simply be because the meta is different then the strengths of the champion. You probably couldn't pick up the champion and be good with him because he fit a particular role.   Garen for example is considered to be an early game champion. Perfect, Riot should leave it at that. He shouldn't get buffed or nerfed to be viable. But if Riot introduced a champion that could push, the viability of the same unnerfed Garen would go up because your hinging all of your cards on the early game.   Terribly lengthy and it still doesn't get across what I want to say effectively.
1	You raised a good point and in my opinion, disrespect is something that needs to go. Pro level or not. My reasoning is this, imagine if you're the one dishing out the disrespect, sure it's fun and people love it isn't it. Put yourself on the other side and look at things. You're losing, frustrated and in short, stressed ( which I think is even more so true in important games such as LCS). How would you feel if someone disrespected you at this point. Of course there are situations where disrespect is fun for both parties,  but as far as I'm aware it's not fun in general for the disrespected
1	I started with HoN for about 4 years ago, I and it was an amazing game! But then s2 pretty much destroyed it, every champ they released was OP as fk, there was never any balance at all. And then  dota came and it was just like HoN was during the beta, really amazing,  but after all those years with HoN i quickly grew tired of it and started with LoL instead!
0	One of my very first jobs as a teenager was showing cars where to park at an auto auction every Saturday morning.  The cars would pull into lot, my friend would point to me, and then I would specifically point to the correct spaces.   One hungry day we had no cash to eat so we decided to charge each person a dollar to enter.  After a couple hours our pockets were jammed full with dollar bills and when anyone asked for change it was a silly mess.   One of the managers friends mentioned it was odd he had to pay a dollar to enter, and when the manager came storming up to fire me and my friend, he told me to pay his friend a dollar back.  I reached into my pocket to grab one dollar hoping the rest wouldn't come out, but it did.  Dollars everywhere, flying around in the wind.
0	There is one big thing that most guys do not understand and I am so glad that I just realized. Nothing about a guys body is inherently attractive. As a guy, I love boobs and I love butts. Hell, I even think Vaginas are really pretty, so the vast majority of woman in half decent shape will have a quality that turns men on.   For guys bodies, everything is different because nothing is inherently attractive about a guys body. Girls like nice arms, a nice chest, a well formed back, and abs as well as other parts of men's bodies. The difference between these what girls and guys find attractive is men have to work for these things, so we have to actively go to the gym. To make matters worse, it is hard to actually do these things correctly, and almost everything men do at the gym can be sacrifices something. If we want to get bigger, we have to eat a lot, which makes people more muscular but also fatter. If we want to get toned, we have to lose weight while training to maintain the muscle that we have, and this is also difficult. In essence, men have to work to shape their bodies while woman can maintain.   Some people see this as a curse, but it is a gift. Unlike woman, We can actively work to make ourselves more attractive. We can actually completely transform our bodies, and become the strapping men that woman want.
1	The new system does not reward the casual gamer at all... it favors the hardcore, "grinding" type of player.   Due to the "roadblock" that is currently set up to gain both tiers and divisions, it has become extremely difficult as a casual player to have an incentive to even continue playing.   RIOT dropped the ball by trying to make ranked a more "competitive" atmosphere, because in the process, they alienated the millions of casual gamers such as myself who simply don't have the time to grind out thousands of ranked games, but still enjoy the competitive atmosphere.   I already have 3 friends who have stopped playing altogether, finding themselves in the exact same situation you where; they said that it took them "too long" to get anywhere, and that they felt even more anxiety than they did playing last season.   You also have the issue of the V tier, and seeing as they can't be dropped, they troll the tier I's from the division below them to prevent them from getting to a higher division.
0	Same with me. I got one that was a 100% reduction of out of state tuition for grades. It's not a full one, but cutting down tuition by $14,400+ is amazingly beneficial. The best part was I didn't have to "settle" on a college and got to go where I wanted.
0	Hence the term
1	That's a stretch of an assumption, but possible I suppose... If not for this this post history in one day alone:   >clg should win this quite easily i'd imagine   >double/loco > cop/elementz hotshot > westrice nyjacky > jiji (currently) chauster > saint   ><3 hotshot, best personality   >'they need more time to practice with loco' if only if the majority of people on reddit can see this   >this. only reason i started watching competitive LoL was because of CLG/hotshot. i'll never stop supporting them :)   >the ironic thing is voyboy is hiding like a little fucking bitch in his room with at CLG's house   >are you guys forgetting that voyboy lost his lane almost every time against a decent team ;o   >wouldn't be surprised if most of the hate is from TSM fanboys   >edit; yeah you would delete your comment you tsm fanboy   >pretty cringe worthy since regi is a terrible player
1	1) Don't get pissy because other people bring up relevant references (martial arts movie is a valid reference), more people WANT Riot to rip stuff off (generally with permission) such as in the case of the ever-requested Bio-Shock Annie, complete with Big daddy Tibbers.   2) Wow. A company that wants money, never seen that before. People need to be paid, and that money has to come from somewhere, just because it works in one area doesn't mean it can work in others (WoW subscription for LoL anyone?). If the only reason you have for them being a "moneywhore" is that they let you buy stuff for real money as well as in game, and that you can buy cosmetics for only real game money, then you really need to rethink your argument...   3) What if I were to tell you that you can also get everything bar skins (unless using SIU) for free in LoL? Yes, it's true. That's what I've done, and even then, you get 400rp free, and that is enough to buy some skins (on special) or even champions! On top of this, in certain countries you can get that card thing to get - wait for it - free RP! (t's and c's apply).   4) What if someone were to tell you that  THEY ARE BASED OFF OF FREAKING MYTHOLOGY, (AS ARE MOST/ALL OF SMITES GODS) AND SO THEY COME FROM SIMILAR SOURCES , if you even bothered to research before raging at the apparent copy pasta, you'd realise that ["The community's been asking for a dragon champion for some time"]( so it's not a sudden thing...   edit: 5)   > [Ao is the family name of the mythological dragon kings](   > [Shin can mean many things, one of which is prosperity. It also means a rising storm](
1	There are also other factors of ELO Hell that have yet to be discussed, you may say these don't occur as much as you would think but unfortunately they do. Trolls and Leavers/AFKers. Yes it is possible to win 4v5 but add the before mentioned challenges and its a lot more difficult. I won't go into full detail on this one considering how long this post has already gotten. Here's an example for you from YESTERDAY; Troll - "Either I jungle or I troll" picks trundle we scout the invade into out blue still runs straight into them for first blood.  AFKers  - After a rough 40 minute game we've caught up I'm at almost 300 cs with Caitlyn even after the initial feeding from our mid Kog and top GP we're winning team fights because of our jungle and I. He unexpectedly just goes AFK.  *The value of ELO in ELO Hell isn't really that greatly appreciated and players will sacrifice it just to get their way or if they cannot get their way make you suffer for it.   In-Fighting/Morale  It dies when your team gives up first blood or when your mid gets ganked because he didn't ward and blames it on the jungle. Its really like a hymen it doesn't just break when you stick your dick into it, it can break with the smallest amount of physical activity. And when it breaks either it GUSHES out the blood and just a bit no one will ever really know til you break it.   Warding  N/A  The greatest thing about ELO Hell is that  "Only Supports are supposed to ward" /facepalm   I know a lot of people will jump on the bandwagon on each side one for the "ELO Hell doesn't exist and you belong where you are" and the "Yeah I know right, I'm so not supposed to be in ELO hell I'm like at least 2300 ELO" Let's be realistic There is a Small group of players in ELO Hell that don't belong there and there are some that belong there, we do exist, it is happening to us, and we pray that you don't join us. Hang in there brothers and sisters   In Conclusion I would really appreciate it if the little kids would stay out of this discussion  I don't want to see you're there because you deserve to be in there unless you have a valid arguement to back up that statement  unless there is actually something productive they can add and I would like to hear this community's thoughts on "ELO Hell" as I have explained it.
1	All you are trying to tell is that the system is perfect.   like with every system also this one isnt perfect. but its accuracy is incredible high, due to reasons i've already listed. so it happens maybe 1 out of 10k times that someone without a reason gets chat restricted. that he gets a 2nd restriction on top of that is even less likely...   > I want my chat restriction lifted so I can time stuff properly, make calls and write gg in all chat. Thats pretty much all I want.   yeah and other people want to play the game without reading any toxic shit.   > But being neutral in chat after getting chat restriction doesnt make the bot lift it as I already did say.   it does. otherwise you wouldnt have 75% of the people who got away with just 1 restriction.   > I dont want to be falsely positive, thats not how the world works. I dont need to be nice to people that I dont know/dont like as long as I am polite. I dont want to be friends with everyone I meet.   you dont have to. but just dont be an asshole and everything is fine. if you have got nothing nice or useful to say then dont say it at all. they are strangers to you and not friends as u said.   > If I ask for FF then some people might realize that yeah this game is over and we might as well FF it.   why not just start the vote? you want convince anyone to surrender. if they want to surrender they will press yes, if they dont want they will press no. no matter what you say, they have their own eyes to see the game and their own mind to think about it.   > If I play a competetive game I want to do so properly without the "glhf" and "good job you all are so great yay lets be friends 4ever" bs with ten thousand smileys on top of it.   uhm u dont have to? why do u have to show up the exaggerated opposite of a flamer? no one asks u to be like this. but everyone asks u to not blame/flame/whatever u do.   > But you surely can believe in everything you get told and dont forget to feed the unicorn right after it.   well i mean if I see facts and they seem logic i believe them, yes. they are facts after all. but you believe in what you say without having anything to back it up... not sure which one of us is in the dreamworld. i'd say the one without facts (you) but since you see yourself as victim you will never realize that.
0	You're oversimplifying things.   Even if you assume "North Korea isn't stupid enough to use their nukes" (which ignores the possibility of a suicidal regime, which is an endgame scenario that Kim must have considered), you need to look at a larger view. A country or regime can never be "de-nuclearized" — once the knowledge to create nukes exists in a region it cannot be excised — so there is a distinct possibility of a non-suicidal regime destabilizing and letting secrets slip to a truly suicidal regime. This is the same situation currently developing in Syria with the Assad regime's bio weapons.   Secondly, the nukes create a difficult situation for China and Japan if they give the US an excuse to move destroyers into the North Pacific (US destroyers would be like dropping a boulder into the bathtub that is the Japanese–Chinese territorial disputes). Don't question for a second that the US would hesitate to occupy the North Pacific if it were a step sanctioned by the UN.   Finally, you're underestimating the level of popular support that Kim has in North Korea. He has total control of the media and extreme restrictions on outside communication devices like cellphones, which basically means that the people are in two groups: those with national pride regarding the world super power and brilliant leadership of North Korea, and those who have gotten so wealthy from the regime (through black market and military) that they don't want to blow on the house of cards. Most North Koreans "know" that the US has declared nuclear war on their nation and they support "preemptive attacks."
1	My recommendation: as a first stage play with her, but play for FUN, have a great time together, bond with each other even more than before, gain her trust by making awesome plays together, learn how she plays, is she a risk-taker? what lane does she prefers?. Always focus on having fun and creating a strong bond. Eventually, she'll trust you and will be happy to spend time with you and know that you will understand her. When you reach that spot, tell her to do something else for fun. If she finds you already like someone fun she'll follow you. Don't worry, for now, about school friends, brothers and sisters relationships are more important.
0	The entitlement thing is easier to understand if you include in the equation that the costs of a college education have risen dramatically, even accounting for inflation.  (A recent post I saw on reddit said 300% increase, accounting for inflation.)  The cost of living has also increased.  Wages for jobs that a high school educated human could get hired for: not keeping up with inflation.  It isn't so easy to "put [yourself] through college unless you are willing to take on enormous debt (as I did because my family did not have the means to contribute to my education).  I worked so as to take out as few loans as possible and I also had a partial scholarship for my post-graduate work.  I still left with debt I will be saddled with for many years.
0	OP: If you're dying to see it, just go by yourself. I just moved to a new town and don't know anybody here yet, so I did the same yesterday. Went to a 3:00 show, and the theatre wasn't even half full. Cheaper tickets than a night show, less people, didn't have to wait in line, and I got to see an awesome movie. I've never been to a movie theatre by myself, but it was actually pretty sweet, and there were quite a few other people around my age who went by themselves too.
1	The tower pushing strategy really limited the main usage of Nocturne/Yorick/TF because they're all reliant on sitting in a lane phase for 15-20min. That way, Nocturne and TF can combo gank or split gank a few times and Yorick can farm up.  They didn't have that ability and essentially shut down those champions.
1	I think tsm lustboy is confirmed. Firstly the darius and leena leaks on having a new member, then gleeb using a similar excuse as xpecial and bjerg and amazings streaming angle to hide gleebs set up. Lastly,   yea...the account has been gaining elo at a respectable pace, although adc is played on it, its not surprising for smurfs to play adc to gain elo till diamond.
0	When I was little (I'd say 6 and under) we didn't have much money.  So I used my brother's consoles, SNES and Genesis (with the x32 thingy).  On top of that, I had old VCR tapes of Spongebob halloween and rugrats and kept watching them for hours on end.
1	I think shes not  completely  broken, she has mobility and a lot of cc, so she's slippery; but, the range on her Q and W are fairly low so she can be harassed/counter-harassed. Her base mana is also small, so her early harass is limited to a few spells, if she waits for her passive then there will be gaps where you can full initiate to make her waste it. Her base damages are pretty good too, so she's encouraged to build pen/health.   Pros:     Mana costs are countered by passive.     Base damage + % are good.     Kit allows for kiting.       Cons:     High mana costs.     High cool-downs (Q is the only minuscule one)     Her Q will naturally shove a lane if she positions it so.       Counterplay tips:     Remember that if she uses her E to initiate she wont have an escape, if she saves it that means   her combo is only 3 spells (QWR).     Her Q can shatter past the first minion, so don't place yourself directly opposite her and your minions.     She shines mid/late-game, so try shutting her out early.     Her W is only a root, so continue casting, if you're melee save your gap-closer until after she uses her W, because she has to be near you for it to root you.     She cannot cast her E teleport if she is rooted/stunned/silenced, so a nice timed cc will block escape.     Her ult is a 1v1 changer, so try to have backup if you plan to aggress.
0	See thing is women and men view this type of betrayal differently on an evolutionary level. Because a women can only become impregnated by the genetics of one mate, physical betrayal is more serious to most men. If the woman has sex with someone else and becomes pregnant, the mans genetics don't get passed on.   If a man has sex with someone else he can throw his DNA around like there's no tomorrow. Historically men have provided recourses to women, with things such as hunting, shelter, all that cave man jazz. That's why women see emotional betrayal as more serious. If the man is emotionally attached to another woman, he is likely to provide her resources instead of his mate.
0	More kids cost more money to raise.  It is not like it is a functioning get-rich-quick scheme, which is often how welfare opponents portray it.  In many states, starting welfare pay is less than $15k per year.  If people didn't receive more money to be able to take care of their children, the children would either be starving or have to be taken in by Children's Services (which would cost the government  considerably  more than just increasing the welfare payment to recipients with children).  So it seems like there are a few options as to how to respond.  First, do not increase payments for children, which would require either the government taking the children from their parents and raising them in the foster system or, alternatively, letting the children starve to death or grow up on the streets.  Second, increase the payments to parents per children so that parents can raise their own children, albeit in (survivable) poverty. Third, provide welfare recipients with foolproof contraception and punish welfare recipients if they have children they cannot afford.   "But TheOtherRedditorz, what about the  cost  of welfare (especially when accounting for increased payments based on children)?"  Well, if you want to live in a society that doesn't pay to take care of children, that's fine. You have the right to that opinion, even if I think it is total bullshit.  But if you are angry about the government paying for the care of children, I think you are focusing on (or being directed to focus on) a smaller issue in a much bigger problem.  Compare the costs of increased welfare payments based on number of children with the costs of the Iraq and Afghanistan war effort.  Yay we got Osama, but not yay for the insane amount of money we funneled into an effort in revenge.  Compare the costs of increased welfare payments based on number of children with the costs of bailing out the banking super-giants which now claim they are too poor to pay back any money to the government but yet pay  incredible  bonuses to their executives every single year without blinking an eye.   If you want to be against the government spending money, that's cool, but don't fall into the trap of "Well, I don't like  those  government expenditures because I don't support  that  cause, and I'll mask it in a pretentious and phony stance against government payments.
1	Go hard before level 3. His level 1 is weak as all hell - either he takes flip and does virtually no damage beyond that, or takes Q and will struggle to so much as farm because he has no displacement to escape. At level 2, he takes the other, but still won't have the damage or speed to really do anything. This is the point where you should look to call for ganks and start shutting him out. By level 3, his second rank in Q may just be enough to start really chipping away at your health. A champion with quick dashes to recover from the flip's displacement may be helpful as well. Also, keep in mind that any champion with a skill that makes them targetable will still take ticks of poison in those frames if it's already been applied. It won't go through invulnerabilities, however.
0	I was in college at the time, but my father worked at home and at the office for a giant production company. He got a T1 line installed to our house to do simulations while at home (company paid for it). He needed it to size his reactors, distillation columns, heat exchangers, etc.
1	I don't think its a conscious effort on their part to get people to buy champions.  They only do this with OP release champs like yasuo, jinx, etc.  With old champs though I think they are just genuinely having a really difficult time trying to balance the game.  I've played countless competitive online video games throughout my life, and in every one I can think of- some aspects are OP, some UP.   I also think there was a red post somewhere explaining why they are having a particularly hard time balancing top lane.  I forget what it said, but I remembering thinking "Ahh, that makes sense"
0	I did this so much (especially when I started playing open-world RPGs) that now I just tell everyone I'm a "collector". I actually tend to sell most weapons and armor I don't think I'll use but I tend to collect useless shit for no reason. For example, in Oblivion I collect all the crumpled pieces of paper I find and place them in a basket. Everyone once and a while I come across a brick on the ground that I can pick up... I save those too and play with them like Legos when I'm really bored.
1	Believe it or not, I feel like this contract is pretty much as standard as you can get for a contract to play in a league monopolized by one company.   Riot isn't out to shoot itself in the foot. It reminds me of the old Hollywood houses owning actors with indentured contracts. If you are the only game in town, you can write the rules.   This is not to say that they are evil. They are a company after all, not a commune. However...
1	I have probably 7 months of pure Platinum 1 experience and 6 days ago I was finally promoted to Diamond for my second time (first time was 3 days before the ranked reset after 5 painful months of getting +5 and -5).   What I learned is to not give a fuck and just spam Rankeds.   Don't be a pussy and just spam rankeds.   These tips don't do shit: "Ok I'm gonna play for fun now!" "Let's learn a new role in normal games because I will just lose rankeds!" "Ok objectives objectives!! TEAM TAKE OBJECTIVES!!!"   Seriously, the only things that come to my mind are to keep up constant pressure until they are gone (base/dead) and not wasting time (do I go top? do I go bot? do I take wolves? oh fuck minions are in lane again)   If you want to improve, you have to figure this shit out by yourself because that is the only way it will stay in your mind and you will keep doing that intuitively. If you have to remind yourself of this all the time, then you do not deserve to climb, it's like cheating the system. Similar to education: You learn for a test in school, you know your shit for one week, not more.
1	I have this every time I boot up my computer. It's really annoying, but extremely useful if I need to go some place.   Gonna be on the road for more then 2 hours? Start up my computer, take a leak, turn off computer and go!
0	When I worked at an art store, i learned a very important lesson. The difference between anime fans, nerds, and kids.   "Anime Fans generally have a favourite type of anime and will watch that type for the most part, very rarely switching it up. They will talk about it with their other friends, however, if they do not mention it you would have NO FRIGGIN IDEA.   Anime Nerds for the most part, will watch anything that is suggested to them, and discuss it as functioning human beings. Nerds may cosplay at various conventions and the like, but it is contained to said conventions. You may also notice subtle hints that they are a nerd, like a watch or a wallet from a specific anime, so you can tell they enjoy it without being overwhelmed by it.   Now, anime 'kids' are the non-functioning fucking retarded anime fans that seem to travel in packs that have a collective IQ of 7. You can tell an anime kid is an anime kid from miles away, as they're usually the one rocking a naruto headband and random ass cosplay EVERY. DAMN. DAY. They generally cannot form thoughts that aren't anime related, believe themselves to be in actual loving relationships with anime characters, and are more or less pathetic excuses of people. They will constantly talk in Japanese to prove how 'smart' they are LIKE OMGTHATSSOKAWAIIDESUNE!!?!?! fuck off. The majority of anime kids are are combination of fat, terrible looking, unfortunate looking, smelly or so fucking awkward it makes your heart die a little just to see them. They're the ones that when you see walk into an art store (like I used to work) or anywhere else that sells manga/supplies you RUN LIKE THE WIND BULLSEYE and get the fuck out before they wrangle you and try to convince you that anime is life; there is no other way to live, and that they're SUCH A GOOD ARTIST, THEY DRAW EVERY DAY. LOOK AT MY ORIGINAL CHARACTER. oh yes. i see. that's great. i like your unibrow. step away from me.
1	I'm actually a very polite player and very kind to people in general and yes that is one of the worst things people say to each other on league; but, I can honestly say if someone can have their emotional state be effected in any way by another person they don't know and have never met they should probably not be playing multiplayer games of any sort and work on maturing as a person. People should not be so moody, and if they are I can firmly say I believe they need to do something to better themselves as people, ignoring someone is not very hard. I know I'm in the minority on this but if you can't handle people trying to hurt your feelings you shouldn't be putting yourself into public at all.
1	As another female who is obsessed with Lol, I'm lucky in that my family doesn't care about it. My mom even listens to funny anecdotes I tell her about the silly/stupid things people do ingame.   My rl guy friends don't care either. For me its my female friends. The get this tone in their voice that just says they are judging me whenever I mention the game. Its frustrating because I love them, their my friends, but what is so wrong with me like something they don't like.
1	Like all things this guideline can't be attributed to a single cause, but many.   1)  When you're younger you have the free time to invest into a game. You may have a part time job or school work, but you can invest your time into a game rather than a family, career, etc.   2) Reaction time is on average lessened as you age, just as in any sport. This of course isn't to say that experience, muscle memory, or repetition can't make you better than younger competitors, but it still acts as a barrier.   3)  Life obligations are looming. If you're 28 years old and you're playing professional LoL you're directly handicapping yourself later in life unless you are able to find a more reliable form of monetary income such as casting or having a successful youtube channel. If you think that League will be sustainable forever, I remind you that the same sentiments of optimism surrounded SC2's scene.
0	Don't be fooled though, an additional $17,000 when you retire is a large amount of money!   You're forgetting about inflation.  $17k in 2014 dollars is a good amount of money.  $17k in 2044 dollars will probably be worth about half or even less in terms of purchasing power.   30 years ago gas was around $1, and you could buy a brand new car for like $6 to 8k.  compare with prices now and think how far $17k will get you 30 years from now inflation proceeds to go up at the rate it has been.
0	Some people define it as the same issue.  That is the problem.  Define death.   I have always thought of death as the stopping of a heartbeat.  So, I consider abortion to be murder around the 6 week mark because that is when a heartbeat starts.   Others say you can't die until you are born, so for them abortion is never murder. What is being born though?  If the baby is "halfway" out can you still abort it or would that be murder?   Others define death as the ceasing of neural activity so for them trimester 3 (~ 6 mos. when neural activity starts).  If death is the absence of neural activity than some people in comas/on life support should be considered dead (true of the heartbeat thing too, I admit).   I think it is perfectly acceptable for any of these people to advocate their stance publicly.  They believe murder is occurring everyday unpunished, and believe it is tragic.
0	I used to be a real shy guy. In high school all but one or two of my girlfriends were people who came up to me, initiated/flirted first. I was so concerned about what I should say I wound up never saying anything to girls I liked because I thought it was a dire situation. Maybe it was because I was became friends with girls at my first job in college but one day I just started to not be as shy. There are all types of different personalities that girls have. Depending on where they are at, is usually where a majority of like type personalities will be. Ex clubs downtown will have a lot of women who like aggressive men,very feminine, and extroverted. Other places will have the opposite. I think its key to understand that there are different types of women/people and what may seem wired/strange/annoying to you is normal and ok  (goes vice versa as well) you'll hear it a thousand times, but in my experience with all types of women, confidence is almost always a must. Even if you are introverted and shy, find a way to smile/ talk to women you like.  I'd suggest to smile at all women. It gives you practice and overtime, it'll bring you self confidence because a lot of them will smile back. Also women don't like guys who stand there silently. Most women do still expect men to approach them. If you're not sure a girl is checking you out at a social event, just politely talk to them. They may be shy and wondering the same thing about you. I've had a roommate who was very attractive as well as her friends. They still got shy and wondered if x guy was checking them out and hoping he would come up to them. And remember women don't rate physical attractiveness nearly as much as we do, finally remember to smell nice and have good breath.
1	Predicting stuff is something very hard. Just like predicting a WW II. Nowadays it's easy to say that it was too obvious to predict, but at that time, nobody would expect hitler going on rampage and trying to build an empire. Quit being an asshole, future is something very hard to predict.
0	Oh that's nothing!   My mom and scumbag soon-to-be-ex-step dad were trying for months to sort out responsibilities and ownerships with the debt and personal possessions. Because he was a big baby, he would never meet her in person. When they tried meeting over coffee, he immediately exclaimed "I can't do this!", left, and texted her. So one day she cornered him in his office to finally get some things straightened out. He was very calm and willing to take over the house and it's debt. As this was very abnormal behavior, my mom was curious as to his reasoning. He said "Well you're having surgery soon, right? (she had a hysterectomy) Well if anything goes wrong, the house is paid off in full and I can live there for free!" 8 years of marriage, he cheats on her, and now wants her to die to live mortgage free? Fuck him.
1	Mr. Campitiello & Mr. Kotoff:   I'm saying this with all honesty. This is a bad pitch. Kickstarter is an interesting and new funding source for projects. There have been many great projects that have been funded. Some that I've personally donated to, both local and larger projects. The difference in those pitches is that when compared with yours, the successful pitches have been conceptualized and fully thought out. Investors weren't told a FAQ was going to be coming soon. The pitches were updated, sometimes daily with new product/project news but we never had to guess where the project was going. The finish line and the finished product were laid out from day one. The FAQ was there when the Kickstarter launched. The posters didn't mention "crews" or "various studios" they told us, Pebble Watch by Pebble Technology and Planetary Annihilation by Uber Entertainment.   These companies also did something you failed to do. Uber Entertainment didn't say they were professionals. One of their Heads helped bring us Total Annihilation. Their studio gave us Monday Night Combat, brought it to the Steam Platform, created a sequel, Super Monday Night Combat, and are still updating that sequel. Pebble Watch showed us a working prototype. They made one, they can make more. They didn't say they were professionals. We knew it when they showed us what they had done.   Who are these crews and studios? Who are you? Why do I have to ask these questions when I've read your Kickstarter front to back? I know your names and that's about it. Mr. Campitiello has: "...two years of industry experience in directing and screenwriting" In two years you can produce a student film or a feature or several vignettes. You can write a screenplay or novel in that time. Show me your experience. "He has directed and written many shorts, been actively apart of two features, and has had a screenplay accepted into a film festival." You have directed and written many shorts. Where are the Reel Excerpts to show us that? The Writing Samples we need to back that up? Industry Experts would know that is the most basic requirement when pitching. If you're an unknown, that's fine, show us student work. Show us your completed manuscript. Show us something other than a quickly edited YouTube clip that can be shot and finished in a single afternoon. If you have worked on this project for months, show us how far you've come on your own so we can help you get the rest of the way to your goal.   Mr. Kotoff: "...has years of experience in competitive markets. He manages several web series and Hollywood-based YouTube channels, and oversees film festival projects." Where is your credit for overseeing these film projects? You manage several web series yet failed to mention them in the most accessible forum? You have years of experience in competitive markets. That's good. What was your greatest professional achievement? I looked up Wizeguys Comedy. You claim over a million views in 2 months. Impressive. That's total over how many videos? Were those unique IP's? Click farms can get over a thousand views on a video a minute. Facebook Likes can be boosted to over half a million in a day for less than one tenth of a cent per click. You yourself said you have years of experience in competitive markets? Where is the proof of your experience? We are on an anonymous internet. I don't know you. You don't know me. You are asking me for money. Show me why I should.   Passion and Zeal are terrific qualities. You responded to my earlier posting that you had an infographic for the budget that was delayed. All well and good. Can you justify for me why instead of waiting the few days to finish it or rushing to finish such an important piece of data for investors you chose to rush your Kickstarter knowing full well that it was not complete? Passion makes you driven, sometimes to obsession. Where was the passion in that choice? You are telling me you're passionate. I am personally passionate about League of Legends. That I typed this up for a post no one will read shows you that passion. You are asking to create a web series for a passionate fanbase. Mr. Kotoff you should know full well with years of experience in competitive markets that you have one chance to make a first impression. This is the most genteel of criticisms you are likely to get: I'm afraid you've told me a lot and shown me not enough.
1	When I watch streamers, I like the following things:   -Tips centered around how you personally get ahead in that lane, such as when you like to push, how you connect your play style to map awareness (for instance different top laners explain different mindsets on aggression in connection to the enemy jungler and pushing.) -music (is nice to listen to, but not too loud that it blocks you out) -commentary (be detailed, and talk a ton.  Don't only give insight into your play and what's around you, but also talk about champions and reasons why different people are doing well (if there's downtime like a farmfest, practically shoutcasting your lane can be nice. -As someone else said, reliable times is amazing helpful. That way I don't tune in and hope to get lucky. -humor, make it funny, addict us to your personality. A lot of streamers are quirky, whereas you seem to be more of the chill type, similar to guardsman bob. Try to combine humor with your demeanor, and make something of a brand for yourself if you can. Unlike the yelling that highlights some streamers (Hotshotgg sometimes, and the rainman, which has been known to be a turnoff sometimes,) find something like Dyrus' monotone/pillow, or oddone's act of blaming champions for mistakes, never actual players--it's something that the viewers look for when they're watching and enjoy.
0	Minimize the task bar, get rid of all those tray icons and a little customization can't hurt.
1	i'm not upset but 30 people (theyre less actually) comparing dota and lol OVER 2000 POSTs is not nothing, its 1.5%. If you think 1.5% is enough to say that it matter, you need to back to math school.
0	You are correct - however, if you have 200ish DVD's, 20-30 blue rays, and an extensive music and picture collection - a media box with streaming capacity (to the rest of your networked devices) is probably the better option in the long term.   One, storage - being able to toss on new dvd's / blue rays / digitally obtained media / music onto it and leave and forget it is awesome.   Then there is the dual purpose it can have. File backup and media - It does not need to be limited to JUST storing media, it can also be a device you can backup files to. You could even set it up as an always on device that you can remotely stream from, or access files from wherever you are - so in case you forgot a slide show you were presenting, you could potentially just grab it from the server and be good to go.   Using your current workstation could work - but does it have an extra 3-4 TB of space? Do you really want to put all your eggs in one basket? Will it stream to your console? Do you have a console? What else do you want to use it for - or could you use it for? Is the money going to be worth the investment?
1	His match history doesn't show he's been doing this often   Justifies punishment, but you're assuming he's been doing this every game   When it may be his first time doing it.
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
1	This update makes literally 0 fucking sense. I understand the update is to improve reliability of the server platform, however what is the point of rebuilding the entire server from the ground up in the exact same location? The only solution to solving the east coast problems is moving the data center but it seems like there is 0% chance of that happening if they do a new server build in the exact same spot.
1	Yes, whoever hits level 2 can pretty much decide the lane. When you hit level 2, you have the ability to just freeze the wave and zone forever.     If you're supporting, just remember to ward. If you're blue side, the enemy jungler will most likely start blue to get a leash from their bot lane which means he won't be able to come bot right away because he needs his red.     If you're on purple side, the enemy jungler will most likely start red to get a leash from their bot lane so both junglers will end up near top side.       This changes when the enemy jungler is mana reliant so they will have to start blue (Fiddle comes to mind), that's when you have to remember to ward, most of these mana reliant champions suck at ganking early so you won't have to worry about them ganking early since they're easy to avoid with wards.
1	The thing is: that's good, but too good - making coordinated plays/ganks super easy, thus taking some skill out of the game. Yes, communication (telling your jungler your ult will be up in 20, so he can get ready to come and visit your lane etc) is a big part to differentiate good from great players. Or you could, you know, be kinda good and guess the ult times based on your teammates cdr and time it for yourself (if you really hate talking, or that guy is muted or whatever) and just "magically" show up for a fight right when the ulti is back up - that's some really great way to use your game knowledge (you have to do that all the time for guessing enemy ults anyway).
1	No. You need to give your passport to the embassy while you're waiting for visa. That can around a week (seven days). However, In between matches the players have 3-5 days (depending on when they travel in and out of Cologne).   Hence, if Gambit members were not to miss a single game, then the visa applications should've happened before the season started. However, they were informed about it mid season, which means that if Gambit even were to get the visas, then they would need to miss a few games on another week.   It was utter bullshit of riot to do in regards to Gambit. Not just a silly mistake for the reason that you wrote.
1	Why do you have this crazy idea that being unpleasant, tomboyish and "rudely honest" means that you're the "good kind" of "girl gamer"? You're just unpleasant to talk to, your attitude is disgusting, and the way you ride your high horse around the league scene is just disturbing. There are high-elo streamers who are actually better than you at this game but they are much more humble, friendly, and generally they are easily approachable and people can relate to them; people can ask them for advice or questions, they never put themselves above the other players of league. Even if those streamers have fans who disagree with them, there is no real hate, everyone walks away and they forget about it.   Reading through all your stuff in recent light, I just feel like you have lost your positive reputation (if you had any to begin with) and now you're trying to win it back by posting in a balls-out perspective. It's like you are trying too hard to be seen as the anti-stereotype girl league player. Somehow you think you are setting a leading example of how girl league players should be, but I hope no one ever follows your behaviour.   I was one of the few people to have been on the first few pages of your official streaming thread on the league forums, I wanted to watch your stream to learn from your supportive plays, because I had wanted to become a main support. A few months after the thread was posted, I stumbled across it again and saw it online. It was the first time I would have been able to watch your stream live as I live in a 10-hour difference timezone. But I just couldn't stand it. Even I could see that sometimes you made a mistake such as going neck-deep into the enemy jungle to ward when they were all MIA and suspected to be at their red (as they were getting ready to take baron). You ran up to the wraith camp to place a ward and got super-pwned by all 5 of their team; someone in chat said "come on", you insta-spammed back with "DO YOU WANT TO DO BARON WITHOUT A WARD YOU FUCKTARD DONT BLAME ME FOR DYING FOR DOING MY JOB MAYBE YOU SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A WARD AND PLACED IT INSTEAD OR CAME WITH ME". The least you could have done is just said sorry to your team and move on with the game but you started raging the rest of the way because you were thinking too much of your ego, and didn't want to be seen as the player who made crazy game-throwing mistakes. You were way too distracted with trying to set an impression as a female gamer.   Overall I think you are too defensive over what people say and generally it's hard to think that you are a good person when you consistently lash back because you are waaaay too worried about your reputation as a female player. If you were just a male, these comments about you -- you would just take them as feedback, but instead you have this crazy obsession with preventing people from tarnishing your reputation that you've become one of the least-liked streamers of league.. The fact that you are a girl shouldn't even matter and quite honestly I am tired of hearing "female" "girl" in every one of your posts. inb4 you attach a facebook link to your profile with a generic photograph that contradicts your argument completely.
1	Mobas are like 80 percent experience and 20 percent skill  something something remember the name  Unless you are like gods gift to league, more then likely you will suck really bad. And that's ok because majority of us started off that way. Your best bet if you want to get better is just learn different champions by playing them in a bot game or dominion to learn how they work. Once you get a basic understanding of how a few champions work, move onto learning what different items do for a few of those champions you learned about. Then learn the basic terminology and what certain words mean. Example "red buff, blue buff, Cs  creep score , gank, dragon or drake, Baron or Nashor, MIA or SS   If you can obtain the basic knowledge of the game without your head exploding, the mechanics/skill part will take care of its self as you learn to make good decisions and bad, like i said it's mostly about experience  when learning this game.
0	This happened to me a few summers ago.  Circumstances were that she was smoking hot and had recently broken off her engagement and was in town for the weekend, and I was briefly single when my then-girlfriend said we should be on a week-long break (a la Friends). We went out for drinks, maybe a few too many, and then ended up back at my place and I swear I had to pee every 5 minutes, which meant no sex.  We did pretty much everything that doesn't involve a working penis.  She left my house in the morning and I haven't seen her since (as I mentioned, she lives out of town), and has since gotten back with the guy she was engaged to and I was back with my girlfriend.
1	While this is a very interesting idea that I think has a lot of potential, I thought I would point out one flaw that needs some thought:   Implementing this vote would cause a lot of turmoil within a team that would move focus from the game itself to internal conflict within the team. I understand that this is a good idea when there is already internal conflict in a team, as it could remove the source of that conflict (a toxic player).  This vote could be the cause of conflicts between team members and toxic players could utilize it to initiate their "trolling" (starting this vote would have players messaging each other about why X player should be "silenced" or why Y player should not be "silenced).   Like I said, I like the idea, but I the issue described above is one that needs to be discussed. Maybe the "/silence X" should not bring up a proper voting ballet (like the surrender vote), but should just create an invisible tally. And when enough of these invisible tallies are reached for a certain player, they are silenced. This could be used to achieve the same results, while reducing the amount of conflict that a public vote might bring.
1	The spears USED to have a function based on distance back several patches. This allowed people to spear + pounce back to get more damage, however Riot 'fixed' this to add a maximum damage limit. However, as a coder myself, I wouldn't put it past another coder to lazily keep the same function, but set x to be where nid starts the spear throw (not distance apart when spear lands).  This would effectively maximize the damage at 250 % when all other code is working as intended. This would make both scenarios still plausible (unless irelia was low health?)
0	If this happened after the Virginia Tech shooting I think I would very loosely understand the school's superstition. The shooter also wrote poems  in his school years and the school probably related her to him... except he apparently became a shooter after getting bullied in school.
1	Hmm maybe you should mute him and grow up? Casting a blanket statement over an entire league because you got a toxic player, c'mon son. I assume you're a low silver player and don't believe you belong there?   There is just so much wrong with your post I don't even know where to begin. Riot didn't make League of Legends with the intentions of every player being Master tier. Bronze isn't a stepping stone to Silver, it's a place below silver where players that are  slightly  less skilled get placed. I could go on all night, but it's not really worth my time.
