0	It's really not different than a bass guitar or a bass fish. It's not pretentious to mix up those pronunciations, it's just wrong.   The Greek food item is pronounced 'year-oh' everywhere I've been in America except certain little backwater towns like Philadelphia and New York.   A 'jy roe' is a rapidly spinning motor. I'm not necessarily going to argue with someone who calls the food a 'jy roe' but calling it the wrong thing doesn't make you correct, it makes you a meat head.
1	The problem with Oriana is that she has a very tin line between rediculous OP or just regular.   If she gets to much early sustain she will snowball pretty hard in to end game, coz of her high utility, poke and CC ult.   If she has her regular sustain she is playable, but not enough sustain to be played much / competitive pick.
1	Remember seeing this here on /r/leagueoflegends but it disappeared (might of been for a good reason, hellafunny.)
0	I feel like my subconscious is always looking out for me in this regard. There have been countless people I have been introduced to, through very trustworthy friends, who later turn out to be a complete waste of a person.   Perfect example, a good friend (lets call him Joe) introduces me to a young girl about our age (early 20s, we'll call her Liz). I immediately know there is something I don't like about her. I could never tell what, exactly, but I knew that for some reason, her and I would not be friends. Joe and Liz have known each other for a few years, so they already have a decent friendship. Liz starts hanging around Joe's apartment more often, one reason being that Joe loves to have friends over, to play games, smoke, drink, whatever. So Liz is just one of the guys now, and just blends in. She's there all the time, even when Joe isn't, because she kind of lives there now.   Flash forward 3 months. My friend Joe finds himself in some trouble completely unrelated to Liz. Joe spends 2-3 nights in jail. Joe comes home from jail, opens his front door, and sees  nothing . His apartment is completely stripped. Big screen tv, gone. Bed, gone. Clothes, gone. Dishes, gone. Xbox and games, gone. Food, gone. Couches, gone. Lightbulbs, gone. This girl literally had a few friends come over and just loaded up trucks with his shit while he was in jail. Turns out she was a "recovering" meth addict when I had first met her. That status changed to "active" after a few weeks.   I hate that this happened to a friend of mine, but there was something screaming at me from my gut to not be friends with this woman. But don't worry, guys, we figured out pretty quickly who did it, and nobody hesitated to report her to the police. She served some jail time, I don't think she is still in there, this was last year.
1	I think the majority of players are over-reacting out of fear of change.   The long and short of it is; Riot know what they are doing.   They are the game designers and we aren't, there is a large amount of mitigating information that we don't see but they do and on the whole, they are the experts. Riot is no longer a soft naked babe of a development house, they're seasoned designers and developers and analysts with battle scars and brains busting our of their skulls (and most likely mental complexes and emotional issues considering the hate they can get).   From a game developer perspective, they want to improve the playability of the game and evolve the mechanics and concepts to keep the game, fresh, innovative and balanced.   From a business perspective, they want to keep as many people playing and paying as possible. And as we've seen from the recent introduction of next-generation consoles, the consumer holds more power than we think in this day and age. (RE: Microsoft backing out on Xbox One features: DRM, always online etc.)   This means they need to find the difficult balance between innovation (which results in drastic changes) and customer satisfaction. Having such a large community brings its enormous benefits of course, but it also brings danger and uncertainity, considering the volatile nature of a meaty cross-section of the community.
1	Honestly, Dominion is the most fun I've had in league in ages (Except for watching Alliance) and although I've recently stopped playing League I honestly enjoyed Dominion way more, much closer games, much more action.   Most people disregard Dominion, but it really is an amazingly fun gametype if you play with a few friends. Way more than SR for me.
1	Did you just use the numbers for a 2000 hp target on a 1500 hp target?   now imagine just lowering that by 25% for MR.  You still haven't killed an AD carry and you have blown everything.  You haven't made it 6v4 and you have no sustainability in team fights because you didn't get WotA.  You also have gold invested in stats that you don't need.   What you are building for is strength at a very specific point in the game, but due to your items choices you probably will fall off harder later on.  Also, DFG does 30% of current health (not 35% like you're using).   Now reduce your DFG damage by 175 damage and your ult by 72.5 damage.  so its 450+450+217.5+1.4 AP+(AP/100 0.035*current HP of target)(The AP ratio on the ult isn't 0.4, but I don't even want to bother calculating it) = 1,117.5 Without factoring AP.  Now your 1500 HP target is still alive and given that they probably had about 25% damage reduction, you've only done a little over half their hp in damage.  The ignite and the rest of your ult wont kill them.  They probably also have lifesteal and heal and escapes.  So you essentially did nothing in that team fight.   What youre comparing it to is will of the ancients because thats a more common first item than Deathcap.   Which will do less damage, but you just gave your team a nice aura.   The question is, what do you build after your DFG?  The person who built the will can now go for deathcap or Rylai, what do you get?  What do you get when you can't burst a target down anymore (which you werent even doing in the first place)?   The other question is, why didnt you max W before Q?  If you actually intend to teamfight that W is more useful for yourself, your own AD carry or, if you really went more glass cannon, your initiator.  W base damage on a single target would be 480 damage, now if its someone who jumped into the fray (like yourself because you would have spellvamp instead of a DFG) it'd do even more, which would keep your shield up better which would keep you alive longer which would allow you to do more damage.
1	I tried to counterpick a lot, which means I got to play a LOT of different champions. Was sitting @ 1200 ELO or so. 2 or 3 weeks ago, I just focused on 2-3 champions, and I just pick them, even if I know I'm just 'counterpicking myself' (picking Lux after a Katarina for example). For ADC, I just pick Caitlyn since she doesn't have a hardcounter.   Now sitting at 1450-1500 ELO, with just 4-5 champions.
0	Well, see, she was going to show them, then she realized that you were here and PMed a few of us less grumpy, more understanding folks instead.
0	There's an intersection near me that has a "No Turn on Red" sign up but it also has a traffic signal that has a right turn green arrow for when the cross traffic is taking their left turns. People who don't drive around here often don't look up to look for the peculiar right turn arrow and many miss it. I look like the asshole giving them a short honk but it's a major highway on ramp street so there's a huge line usually.
1	There's a reason it's hyped, it's because we know it's going to go away after a while.   Riot knows  it's going to become something akin to dominion, and while i'm sad that URF is going away as an official queue, experienced players and riot know for a fact it's going to get saturated and underhyped.   Even now, we're starting to see a meta develop, frustrating things to play against (brand, jayce, soraka, alistar) and players finding the optimal way to play it. If it stays in the game there WILL be tiers, there WILL be "must picks" and so on,  sort of like how there's "high elo" ARAM.    What is validated is keeping it as a  custom game mode , it allows skill shot and ward hop practice and can be a fun in-house game mode,  the problem with that is:  If it's a custom game mode, it will never be used as an official play map again. People will have had enough of the game, and will think "I've already played this a million times with friends, why will I need it to be in match making?"
1	To be fair he didn't remove that to "hide" that specific thing. He had removed everything from his Facebook at that time. I doubt anyone gonna hide something after a full month.   He's allowed to say what he said there. That's not toxic, that's his opinion. Not everyone agrees with suicide.   And frankly, her last post where she said she would suicide she started off with "
1	Here's the problem with it, and the problem I'm seeing on this thread a lot. People like Kha. They want him to be versatile. But, in Kha's current state, he cannot be as versatile as everyone would want him to be. He needs to have a niche, and that niche can't be "good at everything."   The League community always complains about how few champions there are that are considered "competitive" in the pro scene, but they're never willing to admit when a champion is just too good at everything. If we want a diverse champion pool, creating niches is the way to go. That way, as different metas come and go, so will the viable champion pool.   As much as we love Kha, making him more diverse is just going to ruin all assassins in general as he becomes the gold standard of assassins, seeing that his evolutions would allow him to play in any meta, or in other words, in every meta, he'll be the only go-to assassin. It's the same issue with Lee Sin/Lucian/Thresh. They're so strong, all around, and can fit into any team comp that there is very little reason not to take them.   Plus, if you create an assassin that's really strong all-around while still bringing large amounts of assassination potential, we'll have the fighter problem all over again. If you create one champion who's crazy good all around in all team comps (old Irelia), then no other fighter can compete unless they also have a crazy overloaded kit (see Jayce) and you have the arms race start all over again and we can see what 9th level of hell that creates just by looking at the cesspit of balancing that is top lane.
0	been there all i can say is "don't make it worse" a kid is forever if it takes a while to work out a civil relationship with the mother do it its worth itand even better the kids learn the bullshit that is spread about you is lies. in 6 years i have gone from her turning off her phone so i couldn't call them for xmas or birthdays to me having them over when ever I want and a better relationship with them than I have ever had.well worth nearly having to bite my tongue off at times to work towards a civil relationship with the EX
1	I am perfectly comfortable playing top laners that are camped constantly. I avoid the ganks. I hardly ever die on GP or Nasus unless it's a constant 3-man gank from mid and my jungler is just snoozing.   If this is true, then your team is winning. Your post and your complain is, then, pointless.   >I never said I lose my lane, and that is why the jungler needs to come. I never said I need farm and that is why the jungler needs to come.   Then better gank other lanes and take objetives, which are way more important than your farm.   > I said that it is an easy double kill because I know their jungler is camping me, and we can take premature action and kill him easily.   Early level Nasus loses all the trades in 2vs2. Nasus+Jarvan vs Renekton + Vi will just get destroyed without doubt. If you are GP, then a gank may be worth. But your jungler will gank because IS WORTH for the team, not because you want he to gank. I gank a lot of times in top lane, even I do 2vs2 quite often, either in top and in mid. But I never do it just because top lane feel like fighting. There you see the difference. You are a part of something bigger, which is the team, and you will be sacrificed without hesitation if it comes to be better for the team, for example, you lose some minions, and we take a drake.   >Jesus get that entitled stick out of your ass. The Jungler is a tool of the team, so either you listen to all of your team or go play another role.   Aw yeah, we listen a lot of things. We hear enemy top has warded and you dont even know what a pink ward is. We hear "I need to farm" but we see that even if we gank, you will farm 5 creeps more, and then you will be in the same situation.   We listen our team, but most of the time, the laners have tunnel vision. The jungler have to have a global consideration always.     And we also are, along with the support, the roles with the less amount of gold. So calling us, sort of a greedy is just stupid, because we don't win anything with your lost per se. We don't let you alone for the sake of your dispair, to enjoy off your suffering. It is almost impossible to carry a game as jungler, if you don't play a carrier jungler, so we are, as supports, totally carry-dependent. We want all our carries to be as far ahead as possible, because we need them to carry.
1	Plat 3 here, i'd say no, but you need a plan. Having a tank is having a frontline, and having a frontline is cool for zoning peel and positionning, so basicly for taking/defending objectives. It's easy to play around a tank, not having one can make game harder to read. But it's doable.   Yesterday had a game where i had the last pick support. We had rengar jungle, riven top, fizz mid. They had garen, amumu, ahri, jinx and thresh. We last picked sivir and soraka and we wrecked them. We had no tanks yes, bit we avoided every fight where a tank was needed, and only took quick squirmishes where we could get in get out quickly. I made talisman and glory, to get super fast engages and disengages.   Without gameplan, our comp would have been wrecked. But playing full mobility assassins made mumu thresh garen pointless, they couldn't peel enough against such mobility, and my soraka silenced escapes and healed from the backline....
0	I actually do go to the gym occasionally, but it seems like unless you drink a gallon of protein shakes you aren't going to build muscle, so I'm cutting through cardio instead and bulking later on once I have a job and can afford protein. Yeah, I don't have a job, which is another reason I don't talk to people. I can't afford to take a girl out for a drink, or out for ice cream, out to dinner or the movies or anything. It's not like "just get a job" is good advice because I've been trying that for the past eight months without any success. I've tried OK Cupid and all of the girls I met were nice but not the right person for me for many different reasons, and I was tired of getting "let's be friends" but they don't text me or call me or show any actual interest in being friends. Girls in the city seem pretty picky when it comes to guys (but then again, so do most guys I've met here), it's like a buffet for them. I've had a lot of friends show interest in me for a brief time, and then they stopped. I've lost a ton of friends because of it, and who wants to date someone without friends? It's a saying "To make money, you have to have money". it's pretty much the same with friends. It's hard to make friends when you have very little self-esteem due to not having any friends in the first place. I've been treated pretty horribly by girlfriends I've had, friends I've had, family I've had, but I'm a really goddamn upbeat person that strives on self-improvement, but it's hard staying positive when you're doing it by yourself and nobody seems to give a shit about you, at all. Being nice isn't cutting it in this world, you have to be hot or have a special talent, past experience, charismatic as fuck, or rich,, and I'm not really any of those. I'm nice, but besides that I'm average as fuck, and nobody really goes for average. Like I said, it's complicated. All this "talk to people" advice is great, but at the same time there has to be a lot of other people getting this advice, so why isn't anyone trying to talk to me? It's tough doing all the work, talking to all of the people and getting nothing at the end of it.
1	That Kennen... they all played together so well. The reason I think they won, though, was because the only wards they used were pink ones.. and they would always delay long enough that when they set them down they would catch the other teams wards there.   Each player on poland got sort of fed just from catching stragglers everywhere.. all because of these wards covering the map. In the beginning they were losing teamfights horribly, but as it progressed they were just too strong even for CLG to pull off a team fight (especially because Polands team comp was built for team fights, I think they did this because they knew it would be their weakness against such a strong team).
0	Girls are freaking disgusting! I work at a bar/restaurant and have to clean the restrooms every morning. The men's restroom is almost always clean except for of course some piss on the floor or toilet seat. But the women's restroom is filthy. I see blood all over the inside of the toilet several times a week, and the underside of the seat is ALWAYS drenched in dookie water! It always smells horrible too! And then there's toilet paper, seat covers, and paper towels all over the floor! But the one area that's clean is the sink/mirror. So I'm pretty sure these women do all the nasty stuff and don't even wash their hands afterward!  Guys, we just pee. That's it. We're not gross, we'll avoid pooping in a public toilet at all cost. I know some guys who don't even poop at their family/friends house. Girl's will dookie anywhere! So you got, pee, dookie, period blood, and oh yeah! Women can't handle their alcohol either so they throw up several times a week, but they either miss the toilet, or think they're too good to throw up in a toilet and go in the sink!
1	Nope. E is a spell that can always be cast if at least one soldier exists. If it reports that the user didn't click close enough to a soldier (and if there are more than one soldiers in the world--if there's only one, Azir goes to that soldier) we assume the spell didn't fire and refund CD and mana.   I did an oopsie in the detection bit of whether or not the spell did fire and so if there were ult soldiers within 600 units of the actual target, the spell thought it didn't fire.
1	Fiora has an ability that gives her 120% bonus AS, 35 AD persistently, and has a non ultimate gap closer and an ultimate that allows her to deal tons of damage and become untargetable. Just having decent base numbers on abilities is one thing, actually being able to make use of them is another. He now has neither mobility, nor gapclosing potential, nor the built in tankiness to get in range to use his high numbers. ESPECIALLY when he activates his ultimate. Basically he will melt before he gets in range to do damage, if he is built for damage, and not do enough damage when he finally gets close enough if he builds tanky. If they have CC, which they will, you will have to activate your ult in order to get close to a sensitive target, in whice case you might get 2 autos off with that 80 bonus AD before your ult wares off. Also, his early game will be even worse than it use to be with nerfs to his ult, his Q and his E, so by the time you can afford those items you will more often than not be way behind your opponents. This is not to say that he will always be bad, but it will be very rare that there will be a time he will be a good choice for whatever role needs to be filled.
0	Pavlov would be proud.   Is that all you got man?  Really?   You must be new to le reddit army,  fresh meat  if you will (or rather   fresh bacon  lol). It's okay, I like breaking the n00biez in.  Now comes my favorite part.  You see friend at reddit there is a tool. It's called the upvote button. (This tool has a counterpart which we will get to later.) You see the upvote button is kinda like the "like" button on Facebook. (which I'm guessing for your incredibly thoughtful response, you are very familiar with.) Now let me tell you a little difference between reddit and your Facebook. The upvote button has a symbiotic relationship (almost yin yang) with its opposite. The Downvote button. It's pretty much how to show the guy or gal posting above you anywhere from "hey I don't agree with that statement" all the way up to "go die in a fire you insufferable shit" (in this case it's the latter) Beautiful concept huh? So maybe take it back to Facebook or you will suffer for not stopping yourself before posting mindless rants in the comment section.
1	There was one game where we tower dove an Annie bot lane with our jungler and I died as I killed her. All she said after I died was, "worth it?" After that, every time someone on our team killed her they'd type in /all, "worth it?" It got under her skin really quick because she'd always stay in the front, make bad flash stuns, and never look at her minimap when we'd come after her in-lane.
1	free to play, dude!   nah, I think what really sets those games apart is that in every mechanical and design decision S2 was following DotA very strong. Riot kind of tried to remove most elements that hinder people new to the genre to get started. When I tried HoN after playing LoL already quite some time, I didn't really get any easy visual feedback from the game.
1	Nidalee is a good pick when the opposing team don't have hard engages like Vi or Leona. If you pick someone like Lee or Elise or Thresh which rely on skillshot, you might have some trouble dealing with Nidalee, it's hard to say though because it's really dependent on comps.
0	Despite all the crap you are getting, I tend to agree with you. Children are copycats, they follow parent's examples. That doesn't mean that they won't occasionally have a break-down when they are tired or frustrated or simply in a troublemaker mood. Kids are kids. However, as they grow they will look back on the things their parents have said and done and that will influence how they deal with other people. If a child has a tantrum in the store and the parent (as calmly as possible) carries out the punishment instead of flying off the handle and having a tantrum themselves, then the kid is able to look back on that moment later and see that they were the one acting irrationally and unacceptably instead of the parent. My mom had that tendency to fly off the handle when she got overwhelmed or frustrated. It became a thing in my family, that if someone isn't screaming and crying about it, it isn't important. As a young adult I had to work really hard to break that habit when trying to interact with other people. Now that I'm 26 and I've distanced myself from that behavior, my family and I are finally able to have a meaningful discussion without all the screaming. So my only advice to you is, while I completely understand how difficult it is to deal with someone who demands a certain behavior from you but won't give it in return, remember that it goes both ways. If you want them to treat you with respect, you also have to treat them respectfully. It isn't easy, and I can't promise it will change their attitudes, but you will be a stronger and better person for trying. If you find yourself unable to remain calm, do your best to walk away or change the subject as graciously as possible. Try telling them that you need a moment to calm down before you continue. They may not respect that at the time either but they too will look back on those conversations and with any luck they will see that they were the ones acting irrationally.   I know this is long, sorry.
0	It wasn't so much the war but rather poor understanding of food-borne illness and proper ways to handle food. The war which I'm assuming you mean WW2, propelled biological research and that continues through the cold war into today. This led to a change in thinking about how we handle and cook our food. Let's say for instance in the past they knew that rare meat got you sick and that it was somehow related to bacteria, So the official safe guideline was cook it all the way through. Later on someone figured out that If you kept meat cold before you ate it there would be less existing bacteria to start with and cooking 80% of steak would still maintain it at a safe level. The official safe temperature is lowered but med-well to well is not a vast enough change to cause anyone to change their ways. It wasn't until years of research and emergence of newer generations to adopt the practice. This was also spurred on by the advent of Americas large super-corporations and their test kitchens. Companies like Hormel and Kraft put millions into finding out exactly how to keep their meat from spoiling for the longest possible time. This combined with the food distribution infrastructure created by those corporations led to the widespread availability and affordability of quality time/temperature controlled meats. Organizations like the Pork Council spent millions on education to boost sales of pork since you can eat some cuts medium rare with about the same risks as eating a med-rare cut of beef.
1	I think his wither and spirit fire are actually very good in terms of utility.   His wither is comparable to exhaust, and with 40% CDR, is on a 6.6 second cooldown for a 5 second spell, so it has about 75% uptime. In addition, it has 700 range, meaning it cast be cast relatively safely.   Spirit fire provides an near instant AOE 40 armor shred at 650 range. As a comparison, Aegis'/Bulwark's Aura is 10armor. I can't think of any other skill that I would prefer for resistance shredding purposes. Taric's Shatter is a 30 armor shred, but forces him to be next to his targets to shred them. Nidalee's shred is percentage based (up to 40%), and thus is better against targets with over 100 armor. However, there is a delay between placing the trap and the actual shred taking place, in addition to the AOE being smaller.   If we are assuming a 0 cs support, his Q would be relatively useless given no stacks and less tankyness. I don't believe his ultimate wouldn't be too great either, as it requires him to be next to enemies for the maximum effect, and again, a support Nasus would probably be somewhat squishy.
0	I consider myself a funny guy, I can make people laugh.  I can joke about a lot of things.  But if I was homeless, and lucky enough to get to stay with my girlfriend from the kindness of her parents... I wouldn't joke about that one fucking bit!
0	Actually, the main reason that gifs take longer to load is that they are transported through the internet using a different protocol.  Youtube videos are sent using User Datagram Protocol (UDP), whereas a gif or any other image is sent using Transmission Control Protocol (TCP).  Without getting too technical, the basic difference is that TCP packets are designed to avoid network congestion, and all TCP packets must be received for the image to load properly.  UDP packets, on the other hand, completely ignore congestion issues and are sent one time only.  This results in a lot of packets being lost, but most of the time enough packets are received that your computer automatically fills in the gaps and creates an overall acceptable image.
0	The public isn't well armed though. The guns that are considered "Assault Rifles" are semi-automatic guns that are the exact same as a standard hunting rifle, usually they are even of a lower caliber. The only real difference is that they look like a military rifle. Most of these guns are used by former military and gun collectors, read "Gun Nuts." The ones that we would need to actually worry about are those with mental conditions and criminals. This is why more effective background checks and making sure that people ain't purchasing guns for other people, is more effective than restricting magazine size or prohibition.   The guns are not the primary source for handling distrust in the government. It's supposed to be the media and other politicians. They are supposed to call out the corrupt so that when election time rolls around we can vote them out of office, or if the case is severe enough the judicial branches are supposed take action and remove them from office. What are we supposed to do when neither is functioning properly? The slant in the media is ridiculous and while both sides call for compromise when one side gives, the other will not hold up their end of the bargain.   The People don't want to revolt, they want the government to do it's job and let them live their lives.   "Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one." - Thomas Paine
0	I just recently won back some downvotes when in an athiest vs thiest debate. He downvoted every one of my posts because he disagreed with  him  me until I copypastad reddiquette rules for downvoting.
1	Wait, I thought the 10% lifesteal was flat and you got bonus lifesteal from the extra BorK passive damage? Well...wtf :|   Right now it's you get 10% lifesteal to all the damage you deal with autos but  not  including BotRK Passive damage.   After the patch, it will be 10% lifesteal to all the damage you deal,  including  BotRK passive damage, but remember that all lifesteal is mitigated by armor, so you will never out-lifesteal thornmail with only botrk, because thornmail returns 30% pre-mitigation (which is then mitigated by your own MR).   > As far as damage goes, isn't the cleave a unique passive? So if someone else on your team already builds a black cleaver (which I feel like is very likely) then you won't get the passive applied anyways.   The passive isn't unique currently, but on the new item it will be unique. This is to discourage people from stacking them on a single champion like they did back in Preseason 3. However, the armor shred stacks up to 6 times on all physical damage (both spells and autos). This means that your team can also help you apply stacks if you both build it, until you hit the cap of 6, at which point it just refreshes the duration. This means that even if you have 57% armor pen on a target with cleaver lw, your teammates will still get the 30% armor pen without having to build any item, so it benefits all physical damage that your team deals to the champion you're hitting.
1	It's not just that he isn't helping, but that by killing low hp champs you basically give them full health and they can return. You want to let low hp champs sit in the back and fight to stay alive. Then when the teamfight starts and you get 2-3 kills you can kill the low hp champ and dmg the tower.   If you kill him right away the other team can stall and wait for him to return.
1	I agree with this entirely. As a side note, it's been my experience that teams at lower elo usually just need one person to tell the team that they're doing well (or if they're not, how they can improve and win the game) and make smart calls and play decisions.   That's how I carried myself to 1300 (and showing no signs of stopping) playing only support characters mostly soloq. People said it couldn't be done, guess they were wrong.   And you can talk about 4v5s and feeders all you want but honestly, if you're good enough you can get it done. We had a Udyr disconnect at the beginning of the game due to comp problems and not only won but stomped as 4v5 without a jungler. Similarly, a friend and I were duoing and the mid lane was feeding hard - like 9 kills for 0 to an AP Sion. We simply let the others know that no matter how fed the Sion was he would drop pretty hard if we focused him in teamfights and he couldn't stand up to a Sona/Vayne combo playing smart. The game ended in a win for us with the Sion complaining about how stupid his teammates were.
1	It said Piglet will be benched for week 5 getting replaced by Keith it said that they had issues with the language barrier and xpecial was not happy because they had trouble communicating.
1	just look at the minimap whenever you aren't doing something else. there's not ALWAYS a last hit. There's not ALWAYS a harass opportunity. It's in these brief moments that you glance at the minimap.   Also, when you look at the minimap, don't just look at your ward to make sure nobody is there, glance with objective. Are all of the lanes accounted for? Are one of the lanes positioned to head your way? Is your support using CV? If so, what buffs/camps have been cleared by the enemy jungler? What you're trying to accomplish is to predict when they might head toward your ward before they even come within vision range of the ward.   Map awareness is improved by playing at least 10-20 games of all positions and roles. When you understand the role you can understand what they'll be thinking. Their mid was full hp/mana and just pushed to tower when you're overextended bot? They're probably coming to gank or steal your buff.
1	Honestly I thought saint was one of the best junglers out there until the CDE vs Dig rematch. IMO, he got badly outcalled by jatt (look at how on the ball dig was with their timers for objectives. You can bet your ass Jatt had all of that planned minutes in advance) and he used the same jungler with the same build even when it seemed to be fairly suboptimal in some cases. (why rush a mogs in game three. Why why why. Conversely, why pick noct over trundle/amu/rammus/skarner in game one. His team needed a durable initiator, and while noct CAN do that, there are many others much better suited to it.)   Last but not least, his obsession with ganking rumble top on multiple occasions seemed extremely derpy to me. He could have put pressure on bot and mid much easier and maybe secured an early dragon for once. From what I've read, and from my own experience, top is the worst lane to gank, it has the least payoffs, highest chance of failure, and puts you miles away from dragon. Yet IIRC, saint put the most pressure on top lane in all three games.
1	Main AD carry here (~1650-1700 elo) and flash heal is probably the strongest summoner combo you can take. If the enemy has exhaust, just disengage and run back until it's over, then re-engage and you can usually take them down with the help of heal. If they take ignite, if you can tell they are committing to the fight fully, pop heal when you get to ~50% hp. Chances are, they are saving ignite until you get low enough so that it'll kill you, and heal heals for more than ignite does dmg. Also, if you are fighting against an ad carry with cleanse, you know you can trade a lot better in fights and harassing because you have so much more effective hp from heal. Late game cleanse may be better than heal, but QSS > cleanse, as QSS removes ALL debuffs from your champ, and if you run QSS and cleanse it's just unnecessary. Also, with flash + heal, late game if you get jumped on and chunked, you can usually flash away, pop heal, and destroy whoever jumped on you (unless they are extremely fed and you aren't farmed enough)
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
0	Usually true.  I always thought /u/forthewolfx is a pretty down-to-earth guy, though.  Never made a big deal of the fact that he's by far the coolest guy on reddit.  Just lets other people do it for him, and pops in for the occasional chill baby-kissing/boob-signing session.   As a result, he's still the coolest guy on reddit.
0	When I worked in a grocery store we had a fat women flag down one of our sacker's in the parking lot who was getting shopping carts at the time to have him bring her a motorized scooters.  He brought her the scooter and went back to get carts, well about 10 minutes later he noticed that she never came into the store.  Naturally we thought it was stolen so we checked the entire shopping center our store was located into find it and didn't find it.  When we get back to the store another store calls us and said that they had a customer with our scooter.  Funny thing she had taken it to a Christian store on the other side of the shop center because they don't have any and she didn't want to walk around their store cause it was to much work for her.
0	Just before he told me this he was telling me about how he had to search someone's property for a call he was on.  He said there was a dog keeping him from checking the back yard.  His supervisor told him to shoot the dog if needed and that he had his back.  Good Lord my Thanksgiving is going to be eventful because we'll be having a discussion about these two things.
1	I'm Silver IV, I am one of the most positive players I know, I also play really well.  I have Challenger friends (who I met on reddit) who tell me that I play really well and should be at least Diamond 4+.   But every single time my teammates feed, and feed and they feed some more like their trying to FUCKING FEED THE WORLD. Like, holy shit please stop, I'm actually trying to win the game. They feed at lvl 1 and then report me when i afk and/or tell them how much they suck (which is true). Idk why rito banned me pls, i dont deserve tis i desrve dimod. Pls i ned hlp idk wat to do anymore, my fcking tem keeps holding me back.
0	Some of these responses are kind of rough, but it does seem like there's a lesson in all of this.   reddit is an internet community comprised of over 67 million unique visitors a month. [^Source](   This runs contradictory to the perception many redditors have in that this is a small, loving, and intellectual community.   67 million people will not all be like the kind of people you think exist on this place. In fact, the karma system may mislead you into believing in this perception since we generally downvote the bad eggs which hides them from scrutiny.   Conversely, one bad redditor and the experience you had shouldn't stigmatize you from the belief that redditors are nice.   reddit is comprised over over 250,000 subreddits [^Source]( While I can't speak to the credibility of most of these, there are some small subreddits in there that do have the intelligent, kind and open-minded people that you should surround yourself and engage with.
1	I'll assume that in the aspect of Master Yi, the double-strike can "never crit". Combine that with towers that can "never be crit" it forms a double negative allowing the ability to critically strike. For twitch, I would assume something to the effect of since it changes from a traditional autoattack to an "ability". Tower code doesn't account for spells being able to critically strike, since the only other ability that comes to mind would be rammus' ult. Maybe I'm not explaining this well enough, but this seems like the only possibility.
1	upvotes are  meant  to only be for comments which contribute to the discussion, and downvotes are  supposed  to be for comments which take away from the discussion.   thus karma would be a scale of how much you make reddit better, based roughly on karma/years.   however, upvotes are more often than not used for "OMG that was so funny!" or "I agree with this statement, because it is in line with my own views"  and downvotes are being used for "I disagree with this statement" or "that was stupid." It's not like that everywhere on Reddit, but it is enough to dilute the effectiveness of karma for its original purpose.
1	Yeah, because your ping to google.com totally relates with your ping to League of Legends.   Honestly, good try for giving advice, but if you don't know what you're talking about, best not be talking at all. The league servers are not related to google, like, at all, and the servers are in totally different locations. Sure, you might be able to get a good connection to Google yet a really bad connection to the league servers (vice versa is rarely happening so I'll deem that impossible).   Anywho, back on the subject, the league client does show ping, both ingame and in the loading screen. And yes, ping is vital to determining how well you'll perform ingame, so it should be visible at all times.   It's not a new standard, it's not an old standard, it's just a vital piece of information. Without knowing what your ping range is, you can't determine if it's your FPS (well, visually you can, but it still could be your computer), your internet connection, or your own playstyle that decides wether you play well or not. A difference of 100 ping for EUW players means the world, since they're so used to having low ping it really screws them up CS wise when they suddenly have to deal with new circumstances.   So..
1	Hey mate. im the Zed from last game. How does it come that you are on Gold~Plat mmr with a dia 5 account?   Thats a boost, for sure.   Edit: i played vs him and he played normal tryndamere at first. Got ganked and died and started proxying after. He was really really bad at proxying and ran through our base without any reason and even died after it. I mean he was at toplane and could have escaped through the jungle but ran into our base as a squishy tryndamere at lvl 7 or 8 and suicided. And he didnt even take much attention from me, i wasted like 10 sec to kill him, and thats definetly worth it when i get 250g for him.   And Also he said in chat "doesnt matter, am dia 5" or "idc im diamond!!" or "im AMAZING IM DIAMOND"
0	Ok... We're leaving the fact, that something, that "skyrockets" should at least be something that happens in absolute not relative scale... In the UK there was an increase after the last gun law change for 2 or 3 years, and then it went back to a lower level as the time before the ban... 49 fatals in '96, 42 in 2012. What exactly does this show? The availability of guns is not this big of a deal in the UK but they are not necessary at all. So why would you give somebody a tool in his hand, that is designed to kill, if there is no effect whether he has it or not? And about those "gun free zones" you're talking about: Yeah. Maybe. But as far as i see it you don't deliver facts about that. Is it possible that bringing a gun from one state to another (or one city to another) is way easier than bringing it over an international border? I mean... Having a city that doesn't allow weapons next to city that gives it away them away at walmart or something isn't a good idea if you don't prevent people from bringing them from one city to another. Like you would do on an international border. Concept bad --> result bad. But what i wanted to say with my numbers i just put in here is: That there is either a correaltion between "gun allowed" and "90 times higher homicide rate related to guns" or americans are just gun wieding idiots. Pick yours. I'd rather live in a country that is less likely to get me killed by gun than one that allows me to have one myself but still is more dangerous than any other first world country.
1	Well Ive had it for a couple days (OCE Server) and finally yesterday I came across a team that also had it, well 3 other members of my team did. we all decided to do it and it was, honestly pretty cool. none of them were little kids either, all 20+ like me.   And you would be surprised how much less toxic people are when you can hear their voice.   we lost and got stomped haha, but it was all fun and we all added eachother afterwards.   People always say that toxicity comes from hiding behind a screen on the internet, but I think its more specific, I think it comes from hiding behind a keyboard, you can write whatever, but when you are talking to the guys, you have a little more respect for them because you can sort of relate to them I guess?
0	The fact that you find it indecent is, in my opinion, not a valid argument. There are some things I find indecent, but I also find that my personal taste shouldn't be made into the law. I for one think that it's good that (young) people know what's out there, and know how things work in the real world. I don't want to sugarcoat it in any way. I think that's a fair way to raise a child, and I don't think that anyone is in their right to call that corruption of a minor, or sexual assault.
1	I actually rather like the patch as a whole. Yes there were Kass mains who are unhappy with where he is now but the problem was, Kass is an assassin who typically reward high skill with the champion with high, well, rewards. Where he was, Kass was a strong pick in either top or mid, playing either bruiser or burst, against both AD and AP. The changes put him into a place where not just any Joe Schmo can pick him up and wreck your general game.   The jungle changes, while maybe a little heavy handed are well intentioned and most people are basing their arguments that champions who can only clear three camps before needing to back are being pushed out by the price changes. I have one answer for you, Scuttle Crab. Take your first camp, take your buff and move to Scuttle, you take no damage and thanks to Machete passive, you gain life and mana on top of your passive regen. Just give people time to adjust and the jungle diversity will return.   As far as Veigar is concerned, I expect these changes will make more sense when the new +120 AP item is finally released. We are only seeing the beginnings of Riot's plans for the game with the removal of DFG and I expect the next few patches will fix a lot of the problems with Veigar that we currently see.   And now what /u/zanash pointed out, I LOVE the new Zilean, he feels rewarding to play as a support and he is a blast (pun intended) to play mid. I think Riot really hit the nail on the head with Zilean's rework.
0	I dl Fringe S05E12 last friday. I wait until this friday(yesterday) and I go to download Fringe S05E13. Uploaded: 1 week ago.
1	Ok lets clear some things up. They did both AMAZING things here and I'm going to try too shed some light on it.   Yellowstar:  2 BRILLIANT double stuns along with quick burst damage to basically just serve rekkles 2 easy finishes. Stayed relevant during the final Diamond chase for Rekkles making Diamond to scared to go after him after barrier and basically zone him away by staying put at distance, ready to interfere.   Rekkles: Playing it REALLY cool, managing too position himself and get that ult he patiently saved, off. After this he used his passive very well, baiting out the Shyvana ult into bushes wich he also patiently saved his flash for. After this... he expected the Shyvana flash as final gapcloser but here he had his barrier wich he also very patiently saved and that saved his life.
1	Do what this guy said.  Then go find a program that shuts off mouse acceleration in the registry.  There are several.   After that set your mouse sensitivity to the MIDDLE setting (in the game and in windows.)  This is the setting that does not extrapolate your movements mathematically (reducing accuracy).  If you have a mouse with adjustable DPI, use THAT to tune your mouse sensitivity.   When you've done THAT... increase your mouse polling rate.  Standard is 125 Hz.  Some software and mice can go as high as 500 Hz or even 1000 Hz.  This is an eight-times-faster response time, and it's HUGELY noticeable.   The last thing you can do is remove mouse correction if you have it.  Again, there is probably software for this to be done, but if it's buried in your firmware you may have to replace your mouse if you're going to go this far.   So, to recap: Enhancement/Acceleration off: causes all mouse movements (of the same displacement) to move the cursor the same distance, regardless of velocity.  Sensitivityx1.0/DPI adjustment: Causes all mouse movements to have a MEASURABLE 1-to-1 accuracy. Polling rate increase: causes those mouse movements to be registered up to eight times as fast. Mouse Correction off:  mouse correction is software that "corrects" close to straight line motions into straight lines.  It's common in many mice (even some gaming mice) and can help in some programs.  Turning this off allows for true movements to register.   I spent at least ten hours researching mice in the last few days as I've been looking to upgrade my mouse for months.  These are all the fixes that professionals recommend, and having them on my system has made a HUGE difference.  In the end, I was caught between choosing a Logitech G9x or a Razer Mamba 2012.  I went with the Mamba as I heard things about the G9x still having some acceleration.  Also, the Mamba is wireless (and maintains close to 1000 Hz polling).   It does, however, cost roughly twice as much and both are fine mice.   Happy Leaguing.  I'll see you in my mid lane.
0	I was arguing with someone who didn't believe in evolution, so I gave the example of the flu virus changing every year.  Their response was "yeah, but it changes into another virus, not say, a dog.", to which I was like "oh... There's the problem." I end up talking about evolution a lot and usually every argument is just me correcting misinformations about evolution.  People are far more comfortable accepting it when a biologist explains it.
0	yeah, i think everyone quit... after no fap november, december, and january, it's gotten old. hopefully we can let the 'month of no masturbation' thing end now.   it's like that classic example of alcoholism. if you say 'i can quit any time i want', do so, and the instantly go back to the bottle, you're not really proving anything.
1	I played 2 games of ascension and found out you can redeem rewards, so when I went in I could see straight off the bat I could collect the perfect ascension.
0	Did this at the post office one time.  Lady in line in front of me had her credit card declined for $4 in postage charges.  I paid her postage.  She was very grateful (she was shipping a birthday present to her niece). The postal clerk was very complimentary as well.  I didn't have the heart to tell them I was in a hurry and it was worth $4 just to move her out of the way and not have to sit there as she had the clerk try the card again and again while she rooted through her purse for change.
1	DPI is short for Dots Per Inch and it actually refers to printer dots per inch. These days, when used in photo software, it means PPI, which are Pixels Per Inch. DPI and PPI are two different things, yet often DPI is used when PPI is meant, so read its usage in context. PPI is a measure of how a image is printed to a medium such as paper. Many software programs call PPI a measure of "resolution" which leads to more confusion since it is the resolution of the printed output, not the "resolution" of the digital image.   As long as the actual dimensions of image stay the same, all that matters is the PPI. You could have two identical looking images, one with 20 DPI and the other with 1000 DPI, and you wouldn't be able to tell the slightest difference. If the pixels of an image do not change, then it has the same digital resolution no matter what number is parked in the DPI/PPI setting of the photo. One factor in the quality of printing to paper is many pixels per inch are delivered to the printer, a number between 200 and 300 is generally accepted to represent "photographic quality" at an arm's length viewing distance. But that quality, the PPI, is determined by how many pixels the image has - not the number parked in the DPI/PPI setting section.   /u/godofal made the (understandable and common) mistake of thinking that increasing the DPI made the image render larger. His "DPI comparison" images are slightly misleading. As you can see at the top next to the file names, the "small" is zoomed in at 125%, "medium" is at 100%, and the "big" is zoomed  out  at 63%. Were the images all at 100%, at the same dimensions, they should all look the same.
0	I have worked in a clinic that performed abortions in a really pro choice area and went with a friend to the local Planned parenthood for one. An ultrasound is an important part of the process. The woman's safety and the legality of the procedure depend on an accurate gestational age. Because of this, both places had across the board ultrasound dating requirements for anyone undergoing the procedure. This is not uncommon. Yes, the procedure sounds vulgar, but safety comes first. Transvaginal ultrasounds got a really bad rep due to this and it is not the procedure that is the bad guy(how do you think they are getting the fetus out? Through the vagina with a similarly shaped device.) It is the forcing women to look at the images or have it described to them that bothers me.
1	Sadly, you do not bring any reasoning and/or explaining into your arguments. What you said lacks any reasoning, because:   running armor will help you survive the very early game. It will become obsolete with brutalizer/BC. Bruisers and assassins without range aren't even strong early game. Take zed for example. Once he has bc and his ult he shines. Pre 6 you can pretty much out harass him with ranged AA and abilities. It will also tune down your dmg, which is the thing you need most as ap mid. Your job normally is to burst down enemies. If your enemy has a last whisper as well, the amount of money you spent on armor is simply wasted. Also, ADs have a higher cost for their final build and thus accordingly to doublelift higher stats.   Usually though, APs have more utility, like charm, taunt, root, displacement etc. So the AP role itself isnt obsolete - its just less attractive than ADs who can dominate mid lane harder. Chauster also said, mid is the most important lane in his ama - shut it down, win the game.   Theres a reason koreans favour ADs mid.
1	I'm going to mention this because most people on the "we want runes or rune pages cheaper" bandwagon seem to shove this under the rug or down vote it.   Runes although a semi flawed system, are there to help you learn the game. Getting runes faster so you can jump into ranked faster how the system was designed and not the point of the game. Ranked is for competitive players with the skill to compete for the possibility of going pro not for casual Joe Blow to show his E-penis saying he is diamond. If you think there are bad/toxic players in ranked now, just wait until you get players who just start the game with only 130 wins it took them to get to level 30 but 200-300 loses but because riot made runes cheaper and easier to get they think they are ready for ranked play. Getting more runes and pages cheaper doesn't mean you will win games. Players have to know why these runes make (whatever champion) better not just because some pro on solomid.net or clg chauster said so.
1	In blind pick, you can just do something unconventional (or relatively unconventional). Most AP mids with CC (Ryze, Zyra, Lux, to name a few) can go support. A lot fo them can go top as well. I think it all depends on the champion you want to practice. I don't think its outrageous that playing a champion not in their regular lane can't provide practice and awareness of the champ.
1	There are some assumptions in this post. I'll go through a couple, because Reddit Formatting is my non-specialty.  There HAS to be a duo lane  Why? Why can't two people jungle, or three people go into a lane? Your point is assuming the current meta MUST continue to exist into the next season. Remember, all the current roles and positions were never attended. It was Europe in general that spread the 1 top, 1 mid, 2 bot, 1 jungle we all know and love.   Now why can't you buff the support role only?  But, they're not. All your bottom points are assuming this and in that context, they're perfectly right. However, all the roles are porbably being modified. Riot's made it clear that Bruisers/Melee fighters in the toplane need to be retuned. A lot of Jungle changes are incoming and it's hard not to expect the other roles being changed too. Masteries will be changed next season, confirmed in Riot posts. What those changes are, we'll have to wait and see.   Vision will always remain a crucial issue, so wards will keep being the priority  Riot has been vocal on this too. Wards stagnate games and are a bit too focal at the moment.
1	I like building Rumble 21/9/0 with Magic Pen Reds, AP Quints, Armor Yellows / MR Blues.   Always start Boots + 3 HP pots. I used to start Doran's Shield but recently  I've been having more success with Boots + 3.   I personally go   QWQEQRQWQ then max W then E.   I combo by hitting a slow (E) then shielding to close the gap, then flamethrowing (60 heat). If possible, use your 2nd E in there to amplify the slow (it stacks!)   Boots + 3 --> Revolver --> WotA --> Sorc Boots / Merc Treads ---> Rylai's --> Rabadons --> build according to enemy team   I like when people dive me at my turret and I ult, shield, then flamespitter. Thanks for free kills.
0	Google "Sexual performance anxiety"   "Sex is supposed to be a pleasurable experience, but it's hard to feel sexy or intimate with your partner when you have sexual performance anxiety. When you're constantly wondering, "Am I doing this right?" "Is my partner enjoying this?" or "Do I look fat?" you become too preoccupied to enjoy sex.   "Constant worry over your appearance or ability in bed can make sex stressful and nerve-wracking. It can even make you want to avoid having sex.   "Sex is more than just a physical response. Arousal is tied into your emotions, too. When your mind is too stressed out to focus on sex, your body can't get excited either."
1	So for absolutely no reason I decided to piece together the parts of your post that are in bold.   "So lets start what happened: I was always a very nice player. Yes, I did play bad - because I was out of the game. DuoQ, getting mad at each others desperation to get platinum again. I had to do something. Continuation of playing made it worse. I lost my focus, started to be toxic myself. Making the team moral even worse, distracted.......throw it myself....frustration. The system is frustrating itself."   Thats a decent
0	Why do you wear seatbelts in a car, but not on a bus?](/   Welcome to /r/askengineers boys and gals. Enjoy the ride.   the
1	Mid :  Master Yi (Noobs don't get how he gets the reset)   Jungle :  Maokai (Noobs can't be snared or they die)   Top :  Shen (Noobs can't play against global) (Maybe Darius too)   ADC :  Caitlyn (meh, obvious poke)   Support :  Lulu maxing E and grabbing full APC masteries and runes and some early MagicPen (Die to poke, because noobs can't play against poke)   As a Plat II player helping friends on a daily basis (and Ex-booster), this is the secret. I main jungle tho, so I get to play other junglers like Hecarim, Vi and Xin zhao who does a wonderful job carrying scrubs up to mid gold.
0	Very well written piece. I completely forgot about the
1	I had a friend get me into the game, but we ended up not actually playing until I was level 20. Anyways, being timid, I started off with bot games only and then eventually worked my way into TT. I probly went level 3 - 23 in TT only, until finally my friend wanted to play.   He told me to never go back to TT and get into SR from now on. My first games were awful as I had no idea how to jungle, lane, or contest objectives in a larger map, but I eventually got the hang of it.
0	I feel empathy I guess, but definitely not sympathy. I also recognize that those demographics aren't the norm. I don't apply this to races or sexes because it's normal to be different in that sense. And although lgbt rights is good, as are all human rights, things like that are up to states since they aren't outlined in the constitutional powers of the government. I wouldn't personally promote lgbt marriage or stuff like that because I disagree with it, but nor would I actively oppose it. New York and anywhere else that wants those issues settled can.
1	Honestly, I don't know why people are telling you to watch streams or view guides to improve your own play. Assuming that your item builds are decent, I think that you just need to focus on your mechanics (i.e. farming). Don't worry about improving your decision making just yet. Most people at this level of play focus solely on killing whoever their laning opponent is, and as a result average ~100 cs in a 30 minute game. Practice last hitting in custom games. If you farm well, you can carry HELLA hard.
1	I'm not sure what kind of immunity you mean. If you mean legally, it's the 1st amendment of the US Constitution.   If it's a social one, as in immune to being condemned and shunned by the community, it's because society in general is more accepting of "rascism" when it comes from a minority, if a white streamer did things like that, it would be less accepted. That being said, I still don't think that he would really get the criticism you're looking for either because:   I don't really see anything wrong with what he did.  Poking fun at a certain region's accent (no matter your race, the region you live your life in determines your accent for the most part) isn't hateful in my mind, it's entertaining.  There will always be a butt-end of a joke, it's just how you react to it.   The second thing is a "racial slur" which can be hateful/offensive, but it's all in the tone. He was obviously joking and wasn't implying that his was the master-race and superior to the various racial backgrounds of the competitors at Worlds.
0	When you figure out what the laws are in the state you are in where the recording took place and it is a one party consent to record state, make sure you check that the state you are divorcing in will recognize that recording if they are a 2 party state.   I am not a lawyer, but I like to dot my i's and t's.  So check with your lawyer and maybe call a few in your home state and just ask on the phone and see if anyone will answer the question.  maybe  get a few confirmations or even retain a lawyer in the home state... or the whole situation in reverse states depending on how your lawyer/situation is.
1	Talon lol, got fed once 3v1, killed them then the other 2 ran in, killed them ace 3 I killed first resed killed them for A second ace they then surrendered. Might still have it saved on computer but I don't think I was streaming at the time
1	People don't seem to be understanding the changes to Kha'Zix They wanted to change how Kha'Zix can jump into the middle of the fight and leave with no problem, so they nerfed his base values and made him more centered around being an Assassin picking priority targets with his Isolation. his new Q (WITH ISOLATION) has a 2.4 bonus ad ratio, while his old q is 2.1 so at 176 you will be doing the same damage you used to, but if you go over you do more damage. This means if you build him like an Assassin, "Black Cleaver, Ravenous Hydra, Last Whisper" you will decimate but if you don't he won't gib you while building only Spirit of the Elder Lizard. Making new Kha'Zix centered more towards an Assassin.
0	I did one of these in High School... I was walking home and got bit by a dog. I did nothing to provoke this dog in fact I decided to walk in the middle of the street so that we were no where near each other way before we crossed paths. I was not even paying attention to this dog. so about three steps after I passed him, it turns around and without warning bites my calf. I got so pissed that I ran the dog down ready to beat its ass for attacking me but it ran through a gate that was open just enough for him to get through to get away from me.
1	its not really respectful to the other pro who was already in the analyst desk  you guys flaming and getting mad because "( insert pro name here) couldnt join at the world, therefore he should be at world analyst desk"  is not very logical move plus its really really disrespectful   for the love of god there is reason why scarra wasnt choose to be there or other pro players   i mean..... if you really wanted to see them at world too bad dude they didnt pass the playoff.... therefore no world for them be glad riot was nice enough to put pro players in anaylist desk   personally i dont think na people will understand how korea team will play and analyze since you guys barely beat them all you guys will do is " OH THATS SUCH A NICE MOVE" or " OH GOD ITS SO GOOD" "LOOK AT HIS MECHANICS PERFECT DECISION" i would rather have a interview with the winnning team just like ogn instead of some boring analyze that you guys cant pull off in rest of your life   i mean you guys love ogn and wants riot to follow like ogn have intro like ogn have tournement like ogn have team like ogn   might as well copy ogn from top to bottom
1	I absolutely hate when people don't communicate in the chat. If you're going to play a team game and you don't know what speaking is then that's already a bad start. I respect that sometimes people don't know all roles perfectly (eg, I can jungle but obviously I'm not going to be extremely good at it because my mains are ad and support) but if you want a role explain it nicely and I don't mind jungling if you really want support/ad and you're first pick. It's EXTREMELY hard to make a good team to counter or to have some synergy if people don't talk.  -.-'
1	I'm really surprised that the nerfs were as slight as they were.  Lulu is one of my favorite champions (my main in dominion, and I play a lot of dominion, where she is OP :O), and was sad when pros started realzing her power because I knew nerfs would come.  That being said these nerfs are not bad AT ALL.  She never NEEDED lich bane, thats just what put her over the top.  The recent nerfs only hit her E, albeit pretty hard. (100 less base damage max rank E).  She'll still be one of the better mid/top laners IMO.  I think its her W AP scaling ratio (that they nerfed and reverted back) is what makes her really strong late game.  That'll get hit next patch though if LCS continues to pick her mid.
0	I was always the weird skinny kid in high school that got picked last in PE. 'Round came flag football and some poor team got stuck with me.  Not long into the first game, however, the ball got thrown to me. I caught it and did the only thing in the sport that I knew how to do: I ran it. I outran those behind me and jumped over those in front of me all the way to the endzone.  And this happened every time I got the ball. Soon enough, my team had nicknamed me Freight Train because I was "unstoppable."  It was one of the more bizzare nicknames I ever had, but it was acceptable. I'm not quite sure why anyone would  want  to be called that, though.
1	the cooldown of here shield is fucking stupid especially because of the amount of the shield and not to mention you can use it to dash so its not just a shield its also movement.   for those of you who dont know here shield is a 6 second CD at level 5 and with 40% CDR thats around a 3.5 second CD with a 210 base shield with 100% bonus AD scaling.. YES... 100%   and not to mention her ridiculous level 6 all in and she also has an execute....   i think you should be happy they are not nerfing her as i played her quite alot in season 3 and i was bronze 4 and i went to silver 1 - gold 5 by spamming her with an average kda of 10/2/8.   you say that if renekton chunks her then she is fuked but the point is that all champs should have a counter and champs with good damage early (renekton,darius) counter her but vs laners with not insane early damage (jax,yasuo) she fucking shits on them. and plus if you make it ti mid-late game as riven u can easily poop on renekton.
1	Personally I don't think yours is the best piece, it's really solid but not the best.     Concept wise it's 6/10 (overdone to the extreme triangle not a really good hook; not bringing anything "new")     Technical skill 7/10 (really solid forms and such some mistakes which I'll expand upon)     Coloring/lighting 8/10 (really good but some errors in shading and refinement. Background is really sweet though)       Where it falls apart for me are the forms and the expressions; the expressions just kill.   None of it really fits in the scene. It's a chase and they are stalled/stopped/stunned by the flame chompers. their forms don't suggest it as well/much as they can/should have.   The forms are almost there but cait's body looks horribly out of proportion mainly because of how you made her tilt behind vi (not sure if that is the correct angle). Vi's right hand blocks most of her so you get the look of her top being pudgy and wrong and her legs/butt being massive. Better positioning/better edge-refining would have helped differentiate planes and distance.   It really boils down to you not spending enough time learning proper forms and expressions combined with spacial issues. It's really close but the errors that are there are just really bad :/
1	AFAIK They don't actually do anything. Riot added them as a placebo a year or two ago to prevent the old "report the guy who did bad for something he didn't actually do" trick. The reason the pop up that tells you it lowers normal Elo is there for two reasons.     To let players know that being bad is not a bannable offense.   To make people reporting the bad player feel as if their report is doing anything.
1	because your relfexes begin to slow down as you age. its not that bad for league of legends where you dont need that high of apm or you dont  really need to react that quickly compared to say quake but the effect is still there.   that being said i agree with you about whinning little pro players in north america, but then again they are kids who are riding popularity first and pro gamers second imo. you cannot expect them to act any different. In my opinion this is one of the effects of people creating their own organizations they do not get more solid backing from people who have been doing "esports" more or less for years like dignitas has.   it comes down to. do you wanna be the very best or do you wanna get rich and have a good time playing videogames. this is something new for esports in general the notion you can actually make alot of money even  if you are not fatality ( and he was an enigma for esports). before what two years ago if you were not into starcraft(sc2 more recently) even if you were really fucking great nobody cared but other nerds.   imo lol created something of an esports bubble with so much funding/advertisment/goodmanagment whatever you want to call it that it rocketed the popularity really quickly in a way seen only to a more mild extent in starcraft 2 directly beforehand.  this creates pro's and makes them popular but they may not be the most obessed with being the best or nerdiest about the game. this can be a good thing or a bad thing because on one hand the pro scene is fulll of people who for gamers you can put in front of a camera and it keeps the scene positive. if you had some ubernerds in there you would end up with a shit tiny insular community full of impotent rage barely hidden behind the viel of the internet, but arguably the level of play would be higher.
0	Basically what you've told us is that you buy Brisk more, and then afterwards you buy Arizona.
1	The only champs I find that really benefit from rageblade are Nidalee and to a lesser extent Ezreal. Nidalee unlike Ashe Udyr and Akali has the ability to constantly spam abilities to keep the stacks up even when minions aren't around. Ashe has literally no need for ability power and therefore no need for rageblade. Udyr should only be built either tanky or dps, neither benefit from ability power so again its a waste. Akali does benefit from both ability power and ad but is doing her job wrong if she is staying combat long enough to build meaningful stacks.
0	Similar story here: I was hanging out with two close friends and we went to my house to chill in my room and talk, and when we got to my room the girl did like a swan dive onto my bed (it was late and we were all tired). As soon as she hit the bed, I blurted out without hesitation "You do know I masturbate on that bed." A few minutes of awkward silence was followed by the quite possibly the deepest conversation I think I've ever had with anybody. We were good friends before this, but now I think we have an even deeper connection and the three of us talk about everything, even how we feel about each other. The openness is honestly so liberating. We've gone through hard times together that I couldn't imagine going through without them.   They went to vegas last wednesday-saturday and I had to stay home to do homework. Their bus got back at like 1:00 in the morning, and I stayed up all night then walked from my house to the school to meet them when they arrived. When I saw their bus pull into the parking lot, something surprised me: I started smiling and I couldn't stop. Watching them get off the bus triggered what was honestly the happiest, best feeling I've felt in years. I felt like a soldier's wife greeting him after a tour oversees or a dog greeting his owner after a long vacation. It was at that moment that I realized that I loved these people, and I couldn't be happier to have them in my life.   For those wondering, I'm a guy, one friend is a guy, the other friend is a girl.
1	Oh I had few of those. One is the most intense game ending I ever had > They took 3x inhib in our base but I've managed to 1vs5 penta them as Morde at our nexus and it let my team stall long enough for our inhibs to respawn. Few minutes later we got 1 inhib and 2 nexus towers but they backdoored and took our inhibs again. Shortly after that everyone but me died at giant 5v4 baron throw. I was in their base mashing nexus when their inhib respawned so I couldn't finish, meanwhile enemy supers were approaching our nexus from all sides, all my teammates dead with 30+ death timers. Enemy adc Sivir respawned and tried to stop me from backing, but I ended up killing her with good ol' dfg-flash-mace-to-the-face-e-ignite combo and got her ghost. As there was no point to back anyway I've used Sivir to take inhib and started attacking their nexus again while our 20%nexus was swarmed by at least 100 enemy minions and no one to defend. As it was described to me, we won thanks to winions that spawned among enemy supers and drew tiny bit of aggro that stopped them from attacking our  16 HP  nexus for final second in which me and Sivir did the 50g last hit, all in front of enemy team flashing and throwing everything at me. I never had this big adrenaline rush while playing League.
1	Get a dictionary and look up the definition of mechanic.  It does not exclusively refer to a person of a specific occupation.   Perhaps at one time, this might have been considered incorrect, but language evolves.  Example - RaDAR.  It was just an acronym for a long time, but eventually as it became a household term, it was coined as an official word (iirc sometime in the 80s).
0	For example, would you say that regulating who can or can't get married, as well as overregulation of abortions, including the mandating of invasive procedures designed to talk the woman out of it, qualifies as small government?   Marriage  I do not think that the government has any business involving itself in marriage at all whatsoever.  We all have our own opinions on what constitutes "marriage," and the entire debate is purely definitional.  Government regulation of marriage constitutes a breach of the privacy of the individual.  In an ideal world, the government would only provide for the common defense and social welfare as suggested by the Constitution.  However, once the government grapples onto a societal tradition like marriage, it tends to latch on and refuse to let go.  This being said, I do not think that every lewd sexual fetish should be indoctrinated into the law.  This includes incest, polygamy, llama marriage, and yes - gay marriage.   Abortion  What would you say constitutes "overregulation," exactly?  Roe V. Wade actually imposed more regulation on abortion than anything that the "right-wingers" have ever done.  Prior to Roe V. Wade, abortions were restricted to those who faced health risks that resulted from the pregnancy.  There's still the issue that a large segment of the population has moral scruples with shanking babies with pincers before they have a chance to come out of the oven.   >What about having a large defense complex that includes a permanent standing army and all the bureaucracy necessary for the upkeep thereof?   War  As I maintained earlier, one of the few purposes of the government is to provide for the common defense.  If an invading population were to storm the area, enslave us all, kill our children, and pillage our wealth, we probably wouldn't be very happy.  Maintaining a strong army is a pillar of the constitution and is in our best interest.   The problem is, the current military thinks that it is entitled to initiate unconstitutional wars that have not been authorized by congress.  This can be blamed on the military-industrial complex as well as a few hidden motives that no one really knows about.  (/r/politics screams oil, but there's probably more to it than that.)   >it's not quite fair to say that all leftists support large government   The political spectrum  Of course I'm making a generalization when I say that leftists support large government.  However, most [political spectrum graphs]( tend to agree with my generalization.   Hope this clears things up.
0	That's chill.  Both women and men use feminism and MRAism to try to work through past trauma.  Sometimes it sucks that there's a LOT of anger to get through (Like what was displayed in the SCUM manifest/the calls for raping people by some MRA's) but as long as the hate stays on the internet and it's just people venting some steam, there's no harm in it, and probably no harm in the sexism. (And here I mean both the sexism apparently in feminism and the sexism displayed by MRA's.)
0	My cousin (who is quite a bit older than I am) and her husband have 4 children, 2 that are older and 2 that are younger. Sometimes, I'll take one of the younger ones out for ice cream or to the park to give them a break. At the time, I was about 21 and my niece (I know, not technically my niece but that's how we roll in our family because we're super tight) was around 3. So we go to the park and it's me, my niece and this mom there with her kid.   The kids are playing in the park, me and this mom (who's quite a bit older than I am) are chatting then my niece yells "Come chase me, unkie! (uncle)" It's this game where I pretended to be a dinosaur and she ran around the playground screaming and laughing as kids do.   So I'm 'chasing' her around the playground when from the corner of my eye I see this old large woman come stomping on to the playground and yells "LEAVE THAT LITTLE GIRL ALONE!" I look around to see what's going on but there's no little girls here except my niece and point to myself like 'who me?' At this point, my niece comes over to me and I scoop her up and she says loudly "Why's that lady angry?" at which point this woman goes beet red and turns around and walks away.   Like... Honestly, does she really think I couldn't catch up to a 3 year old? Give me some credit. Damn.
1	People don't actually believe that pro's are pro's because they have been playing for a longer period of time do they? I mean do people truly not believe that there is a skill in gaming both mentally and physically you are born with on top of the skills you can hone in on your own?   I am a basketball coach, and while I can coach you all the skills in the world and you can spend every waking moment of your entire life perfecting your shot, dribbling, passing, understanding of the court movement, defenses, offenses etc. If you are not gifted naturally with God given talent, size, speed, and just athleticism AKA being Rekkless Doublelift, Bjergson, you will not be a pro just because you put in more time into the game, you have to have natural talent, and manage your time in game properly.
0	I have had to ease myself into exercise.  I started with a healthy diet, and have lost 30 pounds doing that alone.  Now that I am down so far, I have been able to run for 30 minutes solid, which when I was bigger would have hurt me.  A lot of my failed attempts at losing weight (4 or 5 times over the last 7 years) have been because I started exercising and hurt myself, and then never did it again.  I learned to eat healthy, lost a bunch of weight, and now I can run and lift weights with ease, and never feel hurt afterwords.  I am the run of the mill fat dude, 320 most of my life, recent years I was down to 275 and never moved.  Now I am 246, and still losing it.  I had all kinds of reasons why I was fat, all kinds of reasons why I would always be fat.  It is a true all around change, and from this couch potato, game playing geek, it is fucking possible.  I have had all the docs tell me I have depression, anxiety, stress, and some fat people use that as a crutch to why they can't start.  It is easy as fuck to lose weight.  Get over it, throw the chips and microwave burgers away, and start moving around a bit more often.
1	I'd say it doesn't look legit, you have to press enter after you check/uncheck a role (no to big of the issue but makes me a little wary) also it seems out dated as it still uses secondary role as a search which riot doesn't do anymore.   >WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT SUPPORT IT WILL BE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY CONTENT RELATED TO PRODUCTS ON THIS SITE.   looks like if it gets damaged on the way they wont do much, also it states you may get viruses from the website and it might not even be that accurate to how the champions look.   >You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Site or the Service. If you are under the age of 18, you must have your parents permission to use the Site or the Service   > You agree that LoLomod may at any time without notice: move, change, or suspend any part of the Site or the Service; or refuse to accept your designed character or fulfill any order, or any part of any order if, in LoLomod sole discretion, you fail to comply with any of these Terms or if a competent regulatory authority requires us to do so.   So they could claim you didn't have parents permission and refuse to serve you last minuet without telling you if you are under 18.
1	Honestly it will likely be pretty much the same. We can relate it to two different things: other popular multiplayer games and popular spectator sports, as league is somewhat of a hybrid between the two.   American Football has virtually been the same game for a hundred years. How we watch it, how many commercials, the teams, etc change over time, but the game hasn't really changed.   On the other hand, Look at call of duty, world of Warcraft, other popular online multiplayer games, and again, very little has changed in the core of these games. Graphics get better, little details change, but they are by and large the same games they were when they released.
